http://us.constructiononline.com/constructiononline-site-terms
Log In
Industries
Choose Your Industry:
General Contractors
Subcontractors
Builders and Remodelers
Specialty Construction
Multi-Family Construction
Design/Build Firms
Engineers and Architects
Industrial Construction
Clients
Our Clients
Case Studies
Client Testimonials
Project Gallery
Features
Sales Management
Lead Tracking
Opportunities
ClientLink™ Logins
Lead Call Logging
Lead Capture
Files + Photos
Cloud File Management
Image Galleries
Photos
ConstructionOnline Drive™
Planroom + Markup
Redline™ Takeoff
Redline™ Planroom
Plan Sharing
Financials
Estimates + Proposals
Advanced Estimating
Change Orders
Client Selections
QuickBooks® Integration
Item Database
Invoicing
Communication
Envoy™ Chat
Inbound Emails
Messages
Announcements
Mobile Apps
ConstructionOnline™ Mobile
Custom App
OnSite™ Mobile Apps
Scheduling + Calendars
Scheduling
Calendars
GamePlan™
Baselines
Reminders
Team Management
Time Tracking
Contact Management
TeamLink™ Logins
Company Tools
ScoreCard™
Dashboards
Templates
Company Overview
Public Profile
Project Tracking
Daily Logging
Punch Lists
To Dos
Reporting
Dashboards
Document Management
RFI Tracking
Submittals
Transmittals
Take the Tour
New for 2020
Pricing
Choose Your Plan:
Residential
Specialty + Subs
Commercial
AEC
Industrial
Competitor Comparison
Upgrade from ConstructionSuite
Special Offers
News
Apps
Company
Our Company
What's New for 2020
Our Vision
About UDA
UDA Support
Latest News
Awards and Recognition
Partners
Careers
Reviews
Webinars
Press Releases
Log In
FREE TRIAL
Yesterday, Today & Tomorrow
Engineering Tomorrows' Solutions for Today's Construction Professionals.
Site Terms of UseUDA Technologies was founded with the mission to provide innovative project management software that would revolutionize the construction experience for everyone.
Notice: Acceptance of Terms of Use
Use of this Site is subject to certain Site Terms of Use, which constitute a legal agreement between you and UDA Technologies, Inc. By using this Site, you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agree to be bound by the Terms of Use. Please review the Site Terms of Use, and if you do not agree to the terms, do not use this Site.
Acceptance of Contract Terms
The following are terms of a legal agreement between you and UDA Technologies, Inc ("UDA"). By accessing, browsing and/or using this site ("Site"), you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agree, to be bound by these terms and to comply with all applicable laws and regulations, including U.S. export and re-export control laws and regulations. If you do not agree to these terms, do not use this Site. The material provided on this Site is protected by law, including, but not limited to, United States Copyright Law and international treaties. This Site is controlled and operated by UDA from its offices within the United States. UDA makes no representation that materials in the Site are appropriate or available for use in other locations, and access to them from territories where their contents are illegal is prohibited. Those who choose to access this Site from other locations do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws. Any claim relating to, and the use of, this Site and the materials contained herein is governed by the laws of the state of Alabama.
Use Restrictions
The copyright in all material provided on this Site is held by UDA or by the original creator of the material. Except as stated herein, none of the material may be copied, reproduced, distributed, republished, downloaded, displayed, posted or transmitted in any form or by any means, including, but not limited to, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the prior written permission of UDA or the copyright owner. Permission is granted to display, copy, distribute and download the materials on this Site for personal, non-commercial use only, provided you do not modify the materials and that you retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained in the materials. This permission terminates automatically if you breach any of these terms or conditions. Upon termination, you must immediately destroy any downloaded and printed materials. You also may not, without UDA's permission, "mirror" any material contained on this Site on any other server. Any unauthorized use of any material contained on this Site may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and communications regulations and statutes.
Limitation of Liability
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, NEGLIGENCE, SHALL UDA BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, LOSS OF DATA OR PROFIT, ARISING OUT OF THE USE, OR THE INABILITY TO USE, THE MATERIALS ON THIS SITE, EVEN IF UDA OR A UDA AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. IF YOUR USE OF MATERIALS FROM THIS SITE RESULTS IN THE NEED FOR SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION OF EQUIPMENT OR DATA, YOU ASSUME ANY COSTS THEREOF. SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
Transmissions and Communications
Any material, information or idea you transmit to or post on this Site by any means will be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary, and may be disseminated or used by UDA or its affiliates for any purpose whatsoever, including, but not limited to, developing, manufacturing and marketing products. Notwithstanding the foregoing, all personal data provided to UDA Online will be handled in accordance with UDA's Online Privacy Practices. You are prohibited from posting or transmitting to or from this Site any unlawful, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene, scandalous, inflammatory, pornographic, or profane material, or any other material that could give rise to any civil or criminal liability under the law.
Warranties and Disclaimers
The information contained on this site is provided "as is" without warranty, either expressed or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement. UDA assumes no responsibility for errors or omissions in these pages or other documents which are referenced by or linked to these web pages. References to corporations, services and products, are provided "as is" without warranty of any kind, either expressed or implied. In no event shall UDA be liable for any special, incidental, indirect or consequential damages of any kind, or any damages whatsoever, including, without limitation, those resulting from loss of use, data or profits, whether or not advised of the possibilities of damage, and on any theory of liability arising out of or in connection with the use or performance of the information. These documents could include technical or other inaccuracies or typographical errors. UDA assumes no liability for errors or omissions in these documents and reserves the right to make changes at any time.
Terms of Use Revisions
UDA may at any time revise these Terms of Use by updating this posting. By using this Site, you agree to be bound by any such revisions and should therefore periodically visit this page to determine the then current Terms of Use to which you are bound.
For further information on Intellectual Property, contact UDA's Legal Department at 1-334-821-4158
ConstructionSuite, ConstructionNet, ConstructionOnline, ConstructionOffice and UDA are either registered trademarks or trademarks of UDA Technologies, Inc. Microsoft, Visual Basic, SQL Server, and Windows are either registered trademarks or trademarks of Microsoft Corporation in the United States and/or other countries. Infragistics, NetAdvantage, and UltraGrids are either registered trademarks or trademarks of Infragistics, Inc.
About UDA Technologies
UDA Technologies is one of the fastest growing providers of construction project management software in the United States, Canada, United Kingdom, Central & South America, Australia, and 75 countries worldwide with double digit, industry leading revenue growth. Designed for growing construction firms, UDA construction software manages over 80 billion dollars of construction everyday.
UDA Technologies was founded on a desire to revolutionize the construction world by bringing millions of users together with a single purpose: to create a construction project management platform that empowers professionals to build a better world by harnessing technology to lower the cost of construction. In order to achieve this purpose, we operate on a handful of core beliefs. We believe in an open network which opens channels of communication and removes barriers. We believe that software is empowering. We believe in leveling the playing field. We believe in dreaming big. Our goal is your success and we believe our products will help grow construction firms around the world.
Learn more about UDA
Quick Facts
Over 750,000 Users
2015—2020 Top Product Awards from Construction Executive Magazine
24 Top Product Awards
Managing $80 billion dollars of construction every day.
Top 5 most recommended product from Software Advice.
Learn More
Free Trial
Feature Tour
Cloud Services
Clients
Blog
Latest News & Events
Awards & Recognition
Partners
Careers
Webinars
Press Releases
Award-Winning Software Tools
Follow Us
Contact Us
UDA Technologies, Inc. Email
1.800.700.8321
1.800.700.8321
(02) 8005 8321
03 669 0832
0800 170 0605
© 2020 UDA Technologies. All Right Reserved. | Site Terms | Privacy Policy