http://us.constructiononline.com/constructiononline-privacy
Log In
Industries
Choose Your Industry:
General Contractors
Subcontractors
Builders and Remodelers
Specialty Construction
Multi-Family Construction
Design/Build Firms
Engineers and Architects
Industrial Construction
Clients
Our Clients
Case Studies
Client Testimonials
Project Gallery
Features
Sales Management
Lead Tracking
Opportunities
ClientLink™ Logins
Lead Call Logging
Lead Capture
Files + Photos
Cloud File Management
Image Galleries
Photos
ConstructionOnline Drive™
Planroom + Markup
Redline™ Takeoff
Redline™ Planroom
Plan Sharing
Financials
Estimates + Proposals
Advanced Estimating
Change Orders
Client Selections
QuickBooks® Integration
Item Database
Invoicing
Communication
Envoy™ Chat
Inbound Emails
Messages
Announcements
Mobile Apps
ConstructionOnline™ Mobile
Custom App
OnSite™ Mobile Apps
Scheduling + Calendars
Scheduling
Calendars
GamePlan™
Baselines
Reminders
Team Management
Time Tracking
Contact Management
TeamLink™ Logins
Company Tools
ScoreCard™
Dashboards
Templates
Company Overview
Public Profile
Project Tracking
Daily Logging
Punch Lists
To Dos
Reporting
Dashboards
Document Management
RFI Tracking
Submittals
Transmittals
Take the Tour
New for 2020
Pricing
Choose Your Plan:
Residential
Specialty + Subs
Commercial
AEC
Industrial
Competitor Comparison
Upgrade from ConstructionSuite
Special Offers
News
Apps
Company
Our Company
What's New for 2020
Our Vision
About UDA
UDA Support
Latest News
Awards and Recognition
Partners
Careers
Reviews
Webinars
Press Releases
Log In
FREE TRIAL
Yesterday, Today & Tomorrow
Engineering Tomorrows' Solutions for Today's Construction Professionals.
Privacy and Security InformationUDA Technologies was founded with the mission to provide innovative project management software that would revolutionize the construction experience for everyone.
Your Privacy is Important
UDA holds the privacy and security of our site visitors and clients in the highest regard. The following information explains what kind of information is gathered on our site and how that information is used. We can be reached via email at info@uda1.com, postal mail at UDA Customer Service, UDA Technologies, Inc., PO Box 3355, Auburn, Alabama 36831 , or you can contact UDA Customer Assistance by telephone at 1-800-700-8321 US, 1-334-821-4158 International.
What type of information is collected?
You can visit our site without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information. While IP addresses (the Internet address of a computer) are logged to track a user's session, the user remains anonymous. Tracking IP addresses gives us an idea of which parts of our site users are visiting and how long they spend there. We do not link IP addresses to anything personally identifiable. This means that a user's session is tracked, but the user is anonymous. The user's browser also lets us know the type of computer and operating system being used. We retain the email addresses of only those who have requested, downloaded or purchased products from us in the UDA Marketplace, and those who sign up for one or more of our enewsletters.
How is information used?
Email addresses are used to send you information that you requested and periodically check back with additional information or feedback. We never sell, rent, or loan our email lists to outside firms: No Spam. UDA respects your privacy and will not release names, addresses or contact information of clients.
What levels of security does UDA utilize?
UDA uses Secure Servers for Online Orders and Credit Card transactions protected by VeriSign's NetSure Protection Plan using Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology, the strongest security available today. NetSure provides up to $100,000 of protection against economic loss due to theft, impersonation or corruption. Copyright ©1997-2010 UDA Technologies, Inc. (UDA)
ConstructionSuite, ConstructionNet, ConstructionOnline, ConstructionOffice and UDA are either registered trademarks or trademarks of UDA Technologies, Inc. Microsoft, Visual Basic, SQL Server, and Windows are either registered trademarks or trademarks of Microsoft Corporation in the United States and/or other countries. Infragistics, NetAdvantage, and UltraGrids are either registered trademarks or trademarks of Infragistics, Inc.
About UDA Technologies
UDA Technologies is one of the fastest growing providers of construction project management software in the United States, Canada, United Kingdom, Central & South America, Australia, and 75 countries worldwide with double digit, industry leading revenue growth. Designed for growing construction firms, UDA construction software manages over 80 billion dollars of construction everyday.
UDA Technologies was founded on a desire to revolutionize the construction world by bringing millions of users together with a single purpose: to create a construction project management platform that empowers professionals to build a better world by harnessing technology to lower the cost of construction. In order to achieve this purpose, we operate on a handful of core beliefs. We believe in an open network which opens channels of communication and removes barriers. We believe that software is empowering. We believe in leveling the playing field. We believe in dreaming big. Our goal is your success and we believe our products will help grow construction firms around the world.
Learn more about UDA
Quick Facts
Over 750,000 Users
2015—2020 Top Product Awards from Construction Executive Magazine
24 Top Product Awards
Managing $80 billion dollars of construction every day.
Top 5 most recommended product from Software Advice.
Learn More
Free Trial
Feature Tour
Cloud Services
Clients
Blog
Latest News & Events
Awards & Recognition
Partners
Careers
Webinars
Press Releases
Award-Winning Software Tools
Follow Us
Contact Us
UDA Technologies, Inc. Email
1.800.700.8321
1.800.700.8321
(02) 8005 8321
03 669 0832
0800 170 0605
© 2020 UDA Technologies. All Right Reserved. | Site Terms | Privacy Policy