https://us.nttdata.com/en/privacy-policy
Search Keywords
Select a Country
Country
United States
Global
Canada
Mexico
Operating Company
NTT DATA Services
NTT DATA
Language
English
Spanish
French
Apply
Privacy Policy
NTT DATA SERVICES WEBSITE PRIVACY & COOKIE POLICY
Last Revised: December 24, 2019
This Privacy & Cookie Policy ("Privacy Policy") describes how NTT DATA Services1 ("NTT DATA") collects, uses, shares, and otherwise processes individually identifiable data about visitors to this Site,
as well as individually identifiable data pertaining to our customer contacts ("Personal Data"). This Privacy Policy applies to Personal Data that we collect through our website ("Site"), as well as through trade
shows, conferences, and offline means.
Summary of Key Points
Collection
As a business to business ("B2B") organization, we collect name, contact details, and other Personal Data related to our commercial relationships. Click here to learn more.
Use
We use Personal Data to provide our services and respond to inquiries, to manage accounts and maintain business operations, including the processing of applications, to provide relevant marketing, and to fulfill other business and compliance
purposes. Click here to learn more.
Sharing
We share Personal Data as necessary to provide our services and respond to requests, and to fulfill other business and compliance purposes. Click here to learn more.
Marketing choices
You have control over how we use Personal Data for direct marketing. Click here to learn more.
Cookies
We use cookies on our Site and in our communications, and provide choices on use of cookies, including third party targeting and advertising. Click here to learn more.
Data subject rights
You have certain rights to request access, rectification, deletion, or other actions regarding Personal Data where required by applicable law. Click here to learn more.
Data security
We maintain technical and organizational measures to protect Personal Data from loss, misuse, alteration, or unintentional destruction. Click here to learn more.
Cross-border data transfers
We provide appropriate protections for cross-border transfers where specified by law. Click here to learn more.
Other issues
We provide other information in this Privacy Policy about: (i) the legal bases for collecting and processing Personal Data, (ii) the consequences for not providing Personal Data, (iii)
automated decision-making, (iv) do-not-track (DNT) signals, (v) data retention, (vi) links to third party websites, (vii) employee and contractor issues; and (viii)
changes to this Privacy Policy. Click here to learn more.
Contact us
Please contact us as detailed below with any questions. Click here to learn more.
Collection of Personal Data
We collect the following categories of Personal Data:
Basic Data: Name, title, company, office location, job responsibilities, phone number, mailing address, and email address.
Registration Data: Whitepaper/newsletter/brochure requests, service preferences, company-hosted or sponsored event attendance, downloads, and username/passwords.
Marketing Data: Data about individual participation in trade shows and conferences, credentials, associations, services you are interested in, and preferences.
Job Applicant Data: Data provided by job applicants or others on our Site or offline means in connection with employment opportunities.
Device Data: Computer Internet Protocol (IP) address, unique device identifier (UDID), cookies and other data linked to a device, and data about usage of our Site and communications. Note, however, we do not consider Device Data to be
Personal Data except where we link it to you as an individual or where applicable law requires.
Use of Personal Data
We use the above categories of Personal Data for the following purposes:
Purpose of Use
Categories of Personal Data
Provide the services you requested and respond to your inquiries
Basic Data, Registration Data, Transaction Data, and Device Data
Manage your accounts and maintain our business operations
Basic Data, Registration Data, Transaction Data, and Device Data
Make our Site more personal, intuitive and easy to use, including preferred language, and tailored advertising
Device Data
Protect the security and effective functioning of our Site and information technology systems
Basic Data, Registration Data, Transaction Data, and Device Data
Provide relevant marketing about our or our affiliates' services or promotions that we are developing, and opportunities that may be available to you
Basic Data, Registration Data, Transaction Data, Device Data, and Marketing Data
Address our compliance and legal obligations and exercise our legal rights
Basic Data, Registration Data, Transaction Data, and Device Data
Consider individuals for employment and contractor opportunities and manage on-boarding procedures
Job Applicant Data
Sharing of Personal Data
We share Personal Data with the following categories of recipients:
Affiliates: We share Personal Data within the NTT DATA group of affiliated companies as necessary for the purposes described above. The list of affiliates within the NTT DATA group is provided here.
Service providers: We share Personal Data with service providers to perform functions on our behalf and under our instructions in order to carry out the purposes identified above, such as marketing or web hosting. We require
service providers to provide reasonable and appropriate security for Personal Data and to use and process such Personal Data only on our behalf.
Auditors and advisors: We share Personal Data with auditors for the performance of audit functions, and with advisors for the provision of legal and other advice.
Business Reorganization: We share Personal Data with any corporate purchaser or prospect to the extent permitted by law as part of any merger, acquisition, sale of company assets, or transition of service to another provider,
as well as in the event of insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership in which Personal Data would be transferred as an asset of NTT DATA.
Mandatory disclosures and legal rights: We share Personal Data in order to comply with any subpoena, court order or other legal process, or as otherwise required by applicable law. We also share Personal Data to establish or protect
our legal rights, property, or safety, or the rights, property, or safety of others, or to defend against legal claims.
If you have questions about the parties with which we share Personal Data, please contact us as specified below.
Marketing Choices
You have control regarding our use of your Personal Data for directing marketing. If you no longer wish to receive any marketing communications, remain on a mailing list to which you previously subscribed, or receive any other marketing
communication, you can choose to not receive such communications at any time. Please follow the unsubscribe link in the relevant communication or contact us as detailed below.
Cookies
We use and allow certain trusted partners to use cookies, web beacons, and similar tracking technologies (collectively, "cookies") on our Site.
What are cookies?
Cookies are small amounts of data that are stored on your browser, device, communication, or the page you are viewing. Some cookies are deleted once you close your browser, while other cookies are retained even after you close your browser so that you
can be recognized when you return to a website. More information about cookies and how they work is available at www.allaboutcookies.org.
How do we use cookies?
We use cookies to provide the Site and services, gather information about your usage patterns when you navigate this Site, in order to enhance your personalized experience, and to understand usage patterns to improve our Site and services. We also allow
certain trusted partners to place cookies on our Site in order to collect information about your online activities on our Site over time and across different websites you visit. This information is used to provide advertising tailored to your interests
on websites you visit, also known as interest based advertising, and to analyze the effectiveness of such advertising.
Cookies on our Site are generally divided into the following categories:
Strictly Necessary Cookies: These are required for the operation of our Site. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas. These cookies are session cookies that are erased when you close your browser.
Analytical/Performance Cookies: These allow us to recognize and count the number of users of our Site and understand how such users navigate through our Site. This helps to improve how our Site works, for example, by ensuring
that users can find what they are looking for easily. These cookies are session cookies which are erased when you close your browser.
Functional Cookies: These improve the functional performance of our Site and make it easier for you to use. For example, cookies are used to remember that you have previously visited the Site and asked to remain logged into it.
These cookies qualify as persistent cookies, because they remain on your device for us to use during a next visit to our Site. You can delete these cookies via your browser settings.
Targeting Cookies: These record your visit to our Site, the pages you have visited and the links you have followed to recognize you as a previous visitor and to track your activity on the Site and other websites you visit. These
cookies qualify as persistent cookies, because they remain on your device for us to use during a next visit to our Site. You can delete these cookies via your browser settings or our cookie management tool. See below for further details on
how you can control third party targeting cookies. When you register to receive a white paper, newsletter, brochure, or other communication from us, we may rely on cookies, clickthroughs, and how you otherwise interact with our communications
(lead scoring) in order to tailor future communications to you, which you can opt out from at any time by using direct links to unsubscribe included at the bottom of any email or by contacting us below.
What are your options if you do not want cookies?
You can review your Internet browser settings, typically under the sections "Help" or "Internet Options," to exercise choices you have for certain cookies. If you disable or delete certain cookies in your Internet browser settings, you might not be able
to access or use important functions or features of this Site, and you may be required to re-enter your log-in details.
To learn more about certain cookies used for interest based advertising by third parties, and to exercise certain choices regarding such cookies, please visit our cookie management tool.
Data Subject Rights
Where required by applicable law, you have the right to obtain confirmation that we maintain certain Personal Data relating to you, to verify its content, origin, and accuracy, as well as the right to access, review, port, delete, or to block or withdraw
consent to the processing of certain Personal Data (without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal), by contacting us at privacy@NTTDATA.com. In particular, you have the right to object to our use of Personal Data for direct marketing and in certain other situations at any time.
Contact us below for more details. Please
note that we need to retain certain Personal Data as required or permitted by applicable law.
California Privacy Rights
If you are a California resident, please note the following about how we collect, use and disclose your Personal Data, including additional rights you may have to your Personal Data:
CA Personal Data. Consistent with the "Collection of Personal Data" section above, we may collect the following categories of information about California residents:
Identifiers: name, title, company, title, job responsibilities, mailing address, phone number, email address, job responsibilities, IP address, username, password, and information collected via Cookies;
Commercial Information: communications request, service preferences, event attendance history, search preferences, transaction history, demographic information; and
Internet or Other Electronic Network Activity: browser, operating system, application version, device ID, pages shown.
CA Job Applicant Personal Data. In addition to the categories above, and consistent with the "Collection of Personal Data" section above, we may collect the following categories of information about California resident job applicants:
Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)). Job applicants may provide a name, signature, Social Security number, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver’s license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information.
Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law. Job applicants may provide age (40 years or older), race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship, religion or creed, marital status, medical condition, physical or mental disability, sex (including gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy or childbirth and related medical conditions), sexual orientation, veteran or military status, genetic information (including familial genetic information).
Professional or employment-related information. Job applicants may provide current or past job history or performance evaluations.
Non-public education information (per the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part 99)). Job applicants may provide Education records directly related to a student maintained by an educational institution or party acting on its behalf, such as grades, transcripts, class lists, student schedules, student identification codes, student financial information, or student disciplinary records.
Inferences drawn from other personal information. Job applicants may provide profile reflecting a person’s preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
Sources of CA Personal Data. Consistent with the "Collection of Personal Data " section above, we may collect Personal Data directly from you, including automatically when you visit the Site or provide information to us at in-person events.
Use of CA Personal Data. Consistent with the "Use of Personal Data" section above, we may use your Personal Data collected through the Site for the following business or commercial purposes:
Categories of Personal Data
Business or Commercial Purposes
Sources of Personal Data
Categories of Third Parties Personal Data is Shared With
Identifiers; Commercial Information; Internet or other Electronic Network Activity
Provide the services you requested and respond to your inquiries
Consumers
N/A
Identifiers; Commercial Information; Internet or other Electronic Network Activity;
Manage your accounts and maintain our business operations
Consumers
N/A
Identifiers; Internet or other Electronic Network Activity
Tailor your experience on the Site, as well as for analytics and interest-based advertising
Consumers
Ad Tech Providers
Identifiers; Commercial Information; Internet or other Electronic Network Activity
Protect the security of the Site
Consumers
N/A
Identifiers; Commercial Information; Internet or other Electronic Network Activity
Send you email marketing about relevant services or promotions
Consumers
N/A
Identifiers; Commercial Information; Internet or other Electronic Network Activity
Exercise rights or satisfy obligations under applicable law
Consumers
N/A
Other Information
Consider individuals for employment and contractor opportunities
Consumers
N/A
CA Personal Data Sold or Disclosed for Business Purposes.
Sharing Personal Data for Business Purposes (as defined under CCPA): We may share the following categories of Personal Data for business purposes: Identifiers, Commercial Information, Internet or other Electronic Network Activity with Service Providers (as defined under CCPA)
Sale of Personal Data: We may sell (as defined under CCPA) the following categories of Personal Data: Internet or other Electronic Network Activity.
California Privacy Rights. As a California resident, subject to certain exceptions, you may have the right to access, correct (rectification), and/or delete your Personal Data. You also have the right to request information about the Personal Data we have "sold" or disclosed for business purposes, by contacting us at privacy@NTTDATA.com or via our toll-free phone number at 800.745.3263.
To protect your privacy and security, we will verify your identify before responding to a such request, and may request you provide us your name and email or additional proof where necessary. You will not be penalized for exercising your rights to your Personal Data.
"Do Not Sell My Personal Information." You also have the right to opt-out of NTTDS "selling" your Personal Data as defined under CCPA. To exercise this right, please
visit our “Do Not Sell My Data” or email us at privacy@NTTDATA.com. If you make this request on behalf of someone else, we may request that you provide proof that you are authorized to exercise the right on behalf of the consumer. If we know that you are under the age of 16, we will not sell your Personal Data without proper consent.
Access Notice in Alternative Formats. Consumers who need assistance accessing the notice in an alternative format can do so by contacting the Privacy office at 800.745.3263 or privacy@NTTDATA.com.
Non-Discrimination
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your California privacy rights. Your exercise of your California privacy rights will never cause us to:
Deny you goods or services.
Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties.
Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services.
Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
Although California law allows us to offer financial incentives that can result in different prices, rates, or quality levels, we do not presently engage in this practice.
Data Security
We maintain technical and organizational measures to protect Personal Data from loss, misuse, alteration, or unintentional destruction. However, no security measure can guarantee against compromise. You also have an important role in protecting your Personal
Data. You should not share your username and password with anyone, and you should not re-use passwords across more than one website. If you have any reason to believe that your username or password has been compromised, please contact us as detailed
below.
Cross-Border Data Transfers
We transfer Personal Data to various jurisdictions as necessary for the purposes described above, including to jurisdictions that may not provide the same level of data protection as your home country. We provide appropriate protections for cross-border
transfers as required by law for international data transfers. With respect to transfers originating from the European Economic Area ("EEA"), we implement standard contractual clauses approved by the European Commission, and other
appropriate solutions to address cross-border transfers as required by applicable law. Where required by such laws, you may request a copy of the suitable mechanisms we have in place by contacting us as detailed below.
Other Issues
What is the legal basis of processing?
Some jurisdictions require an explanation of the legal basis for the collection and processing of Personal Data. We have several different legal grounds on which we collect and process Personal Data, including: (i) as necessary
to perform a transaction (such as in order to provide the services you requested); (ii) as necessary to comply with a legal obligation (such as when we use Personal Data for record keeping to substantiate tax liability); (iii)
consent (where you have provided consent as appropriate under applicable law, such as for direct marketing or certain cookies); and (iv) necessary for legitimate interests (such as when we act to maintain our business generally,
including maintaining the safety and security of the Site). With respect to legitimate interests, given that we are a B2B company, we typically collect and process limited Personal Data about customer contacts and other individuals acting
in their business capacities, as part of our overall effort to reduce the privacy impact on individuals.
What are the consequences of not providing Personal Data?
You are not required to provide all Personal Data identified in this Privacy Policy to use our Site or to interact with us offline, but certain functionality will not be available if you do not provide certain Personal Data. If you do not provide
certain Personal Data, we may not be able to respond to your request, perform a transaction with you, or provide you with marketing that we believe you would find valuable.
Do we engage in automated decision-making without human intervention?
We do not use automated decision-making without human intervention, including profiling, in a way that produces legal effects concerning you or otherwise significantly affects you.
Does the Site honor do not track ("DNT") signals sent via browsers?
Given the divergent practices of organizations that offer browsers and the lack of a standard in the marketplace, we do not respond to DNT signals at this time.
How long do we retain Personal Data?
We typically retain Personal Data related to marketing activities for as long as you accept marketing communications from us, and upon request, we will securely delete such data in accordance with applicable law. For Personal Data that we collect
and process for other purposes described above, we typically retain such Personal Data for no longer than for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy and as otherwise needed to address tax, corporate, compliance,
litigation, employment, and other legal rights and obligations.
Are third party websites governed by this Privacy Policy?
This Site contains links and references to other websites administered by unaffiliated third parties. This Privacy Policy does not apply to such third party sites. When you click a link to visit a third party website, you will be subject to that
website's privacy practices. We encourage you to familiarize yourself with the privacy and security practices of the linked third party websites before providing any Personal Data on that website.
How does NTT DATA handle employee and contractor privacy issues?
Personal Data about our employees and contractors are addressed through internal company policies and procedures, and are outside the scope of this Privacy Policy.
How will we handle any changes to this Privacy Policy?
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time as our services and privacy practices change, or as required by law. The effective date of our Privacy Policy is posted above, and we encourage you to visit our Site periodically to stay informed
about our privacy practices. We will post the updated version of the Privacy Policy on our Site, and ask for your consent to the changes if legally required.
Contact Us
If you have questions or comments regarding this Privacy Policy or our privacy practices, please contact us at:
Email: privacy@NTTDATA.com
Phone: 800.745.3263
Fax: 614.241.8027
Mail: Database c/o Corp Marketing
100 City Square
Boston, MA 02129
You may also have a right to lodge a complaint with a data protection supervisory authority.
1NTT DATA Services includes NTT Data International L.L.C., NTT DATA Services International Holdings B.V. and their respective subsidiaries, as well as NTT DATA (China) Co. Limited, Dalian Branch and PT NTT DATA Indonesia, to the extent related to NTT DATA Services. The foregoing entities shall collectively be referred to in this Privacy Policy as NTT DATA.
EXPLORE OUR COVID-19 RELATED SERVICES