https://us.syspro.com/privacy/
HomePrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy PolicySYSPRO USA2019-12-30T17:07:55+00:00
Effective Date: December 30, 2019
Your privacy is very important to us. This Privacy Policy explains our information privacy practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. When you access and use our website and the SYSPRO USA services, features, and information available on our website (collectively, the “Services”), you are consenting to the collection, use, storage, and disclosure of your information as described in this Privacy Policy.
If SYSPRO USA decides to make changes to this Privacy Policy, SYSPRO USA will post the changes on this page so that you will always know what information we collect and how we use it. You are required to regularly access this Privacy Policy to keep yourself advised of any changes.
1. What Does This Privacy Policy Cover?
1.1 This Privacy Policy applies to information gathered by SYSPRO USA, (referred to as “SYSPRO,” “we,” “us” or “our”), through your use of our Services.
1.2 In this privacy policy, “you” is a reference to any juristic entity or individual, including individuals who are registered as users of a juristic entity.
1.3 This policy does not apply to the practices of other businesses that we do not own or control, including third-party websites, services and applications (“Third-Party Services”) that you may access through our Services, or to individuals that we do not employ or manage. While we attempt to partner with only Third-Party Services that share our respect for your privacy, we are not responsible for the content or privacy policies of those third parties. You are responsible to review the privacy policies of any Third-Party Services you access.
2. What Information Does SYSPRO Collect?
Through your interaction with and use of SYSPRO Services, we may collect Personal Information, which is information that can identify you as an individual or juristic entity or is capable of identifying you. Personal Information does not include general, statistical, aggregated, or anonymized information. Personal Information collected includes:
Personal Contact Information. Your name and physical address, email addresses, and telephone numbers.
SYSPRO User Information. Information about your SYSPRO account, including User Log-In name and password, and payment information.
Company Information. Information about your company such as the name, size, and location of your company, your role within the company, and buying intent signals.
Marketing Preferences. You can set communication preferences (e.g. opting in or out of receiving marketing emails from SYSPRO).
Survey and Interactive Content Data. If you elect to participate in a SYSPRO survey or other form of interactive content (e.g. online quiz or assessment), we may collect, store, and process your responses.
Website and Email Activity Data. SYSPRO may also collect other information through your interaction with and use of the Website which does not reveal your specific identify or does not directly relate to an individual juristic entity. This information includes:
Unique IDs such as a cookie placed on your computer, mobile, or device IDs
Internet Protocol address (“IP address”) and geographic location information derived from your IP address
Information about your devices such as information contained in HTTP Headers or other internet transfer protocol signals, browser or device type and version, operating system, user-agent strings, and information about your preferred language
Behavioral data about your usage of the Website, such as webpages clicked and content areas visited, content downloaded, data and time of activities
Whether you have received or opened an email that SYSPRO sent you or clicked a link on that email
In some instances, SYSPRO may combine other information with Personal information, such as combing precise geographical location with your name. If SYSPRO combines other information with Personal Information, SYSPRO will treat the combined information as Personal Information.
3. How does SYSPRO collect my information?
SYSPRO may collect information from a variety of sources, including:
Your use of and interaction with SYSPRO through the Website and your activities on the Website
The use of technologies such as:
Electronic communication protocols. When you visit the Website, SYSPRO may automatically receive information from you as part of the communication connection itself, which can consist of network routing information (where you came from), equipment information (browser type or device type), your IP address (which may identify your general geographic location or company) and data and time. SYSPRO may also automatically receive and record information about your interaction with the Website, such as clickstream information (when each SYSPRO webpage was visited and how much time was spent on the page), how often you access the Website, performance data, aggregate usage, or general geo-location data
A cookie is a small piece of information sent by a web server to store information on your web browser so it can later be read back from that browser. Cookies may collect information, including a unique identifier, user preferences, profile information, membership information and general usage and volume statistical information. Cookies may also collect individualized website use data, provide website personalization or conduct and measure the effectiveness of advertising in accordance with this Privacy Policy. You can set your browser to alert you when a cookie is being used and accept or reject the cookie. If you reject or disable a cookie, you may not be able to use certain parts of the Website and it may affect your experience of or interfere with the Website’s features and customizations
Flash cookies remember they Website’s settings to personalize the look and feel of the Website. Like normal cookies, flash cookies are represented as small files on your computer and can be disabled.
Embedded URLs allow limited information to follow you as you navigate the Website but are not associated with Personal Information and are not used beyond the session
Pixels identify unique user visits for advertising purposes and to provide information on when the email or advertisement was opened to track marketing campaign responsiveness
Widgets, buttons, and tools are interactive mini-programs that run on the Website to provide specific services from another services provider or that link to other service provider’s services. The widget, button, or tool may collect and automatically send Personal Information, such as your email address, or other information, such as your browser information or IP address, to a third party
Website Analytics tools may establish your location track how you use the Website or create a profile of you. This assists SYSPRO to determine which content is the most appropriate to be displayed while you visit the Website, which products and services you are interested in and how you are using the information that is made available to you on the Website
Email Analytics tools may collect data about the emails we send. In order to measure the performance of email messages and to learn how to improve email delivery and open rates, SYSPRO collect information such as IP address, browser and email clients used, geolocation information inferred from IP addresses and details about how you engage with the email (e.g. whether or not the email was read, forwarded, or printed.)
Other data you have made publicly available, such as social media profiles and posts, or data provided by third-party sources, such as marketing opt-in lists or data aggregator.
4. How Does SYSPRO Use the Information Collected?
We use the information we collect from you, on your behalf or related to you in connection with providing our Services to you, including as follows:
Account Setup and Access to Services. If you choose to become a customer, SYSPRO uses the information we collect for the creation of User accounts so that you can access our Services.
Customer Support. We must access and use your information to provide customer support services, including trouble-shooting, managing account usage, responding to billing inquiries, to communicate with you about any matters related to the channel partner program—whether they apply generally to all channel partners or specifically to you, etc.
Service Delivery. We perform internal evaluations and statistical analysis on the information we collect to, among other things, monitor the performance of our Services, analyze and measure visitor and User behavior and trends, to understand how our Services are used, to help us improve our Services, for market research and to develop new features and functionalities.
Transactional Communications. We may send you transactional communications (e.g., service-related announcements, billing-related matters, updates to policies, changes to our Services, welcome emails, etc.). You can’t opt out of receiving these communications since they are required to provide our Services to you.
Marketing Purposes. We will only send marketing-related communications if you have consented to receive such communications. We may combine information about you from third party sources with information we hold about you to create a user profile, which helps us to make our marketing and sales efforts more relevant to you and to personalize and improve your experience.
We may need to notify you about information from other business partners about their products and services that can add value to SYSPRO’s products.
We may advertise our channel partner program’s products and services that can add value to SYSPRO’s products.
SYSPRO Online Communities. This Website permits you to participate in interactive discussions, post content, and engage in networking activities. SYSPRO does not control the content that users post to these forums, you should carefully consider whether you wish to submit Personal Information to these forums. To manage or remove your Personal Information from our online communities, please send your request to privacy@us.syspro.com.
5. Will SYSPRO Share Any of My Personal Information?
SYSPRO does not sell or rent your Personal Information to third parties for any purpose. We may share your personal data with third parties as follows:
Service Providers. We employ other companies and people to perform tasks on our behalf and need to share your information with them to provide Services to you (e.g., payment processors, hosting services, email service providers and web traffic analytics tools).  Unless we tell you differently, our service providers do not have any right to use the personal data we share with them beyond what is necessary to assist us. We also implement reasonable contractual and technical protections to ensure the confidentiality of your personal data is maintained, used only for the provision of their services to us and handled in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
With Your Organization; Billing Contacts. If the email address under which you have registered your User account belongs to or is controlled by an organization (e.g., your employer), we may disclose that email address and other pertinent account information to that organization in order to help it understand who associated with that organization uses SYSPRO, and to assist the organization with its enterprise accounts. In addition, if your User account details are different from the billing contact listed for your account, we may disclose your identity and the account details to the billing contact upon their request.
Affiliated Businesses and Third-Party Services We Do Not Control. In certain situations, businesses or Third-Party Services we are affiliated with may sell items or provide services to you through our Services. You can recognize when an affiliated business is associated with such a transaction or service, and we will share your personal data with that affiliated business only to the extent that it is related to such transaction or service.  We have no control over the policies and practices of Third-Party Services as to privacy or anything else, so if you choose to take part in any transaction or service relating to an affiliated Third-Party Service, please review all such policies that may apply.
Business Transfers.In Event of a Reorganization, Merger, Sale, Joint Venture, Assignment, Transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of SYSPRO’s business, assets or shares (including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings), SYSPRO may transfer the Personal Information SYSPRO has collected to the relevant third party.
Legal Requests. It may be necessary or appropriate: (a) under applicable law, including laws outside your country of residence or business; (b) to comply with legal process; (c) to respond to requests from public and government authorities, including public and government authorities outside your country of residence or business, for national security and/or law enforcement purposes; (d) to enforce SYSPRO’s terms and conditions; and (e) to allow SYSPRO to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that SYSPRO may sustain.
Protection of SYSPRO and Others. We reserve the right to access, read, preserve, and disclose any information that we reasonably believe is necessary to comply with law or court order; enforce or apply our Terms of Service and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of SYSPR, our employees, our Users, or others.  This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
With Your Consent. Except as set forth above, you will be notified when your personal data may be shared with third parties in personally identifiable form, and will be able to prevent the sharing of this information.
6. Is Personal Information About Me Secure?
Security. SYSPRO uses reasonable safeguards that are designed to protect your Personal Information from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. In addition, SYSPRO uses standard security protocols and mechanisms to exchange the transmission of sensitive data. When you enter sensitive Personal Information, SYSPRO encrypts it. Despite our best efforts, no security controls are 100% effective and SYSPRO cannot guarantee the security of your Personal Information. In the event that your Personal Information is acquired, or is reasonably believed to have been acquired, by an unauthorized person and applicable law requires notification, SYSPRO will give you notice promptly. SYSPRO will determine the scope of the breach and investigate and restore the integrity of the data system.
User Accounts. Your User account is protected by a username and password for your privacy and security.  You must prevent unauthorized access to your account and personal data by selecting and protecting your username and password, using other sign-on mechanisms appropriately and limiting access to your device and browser by signing off after you have finished accessing your account.
Forums; Blogs; Discussion Boards. We may offer publicly accessible community forums, blogs, discussion boards and other similar public chat areas. Please be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read, collected and used by others who access them. We are not responsible for any personal data that you choose to submit in these areas. If a commenting system is managed by a Third-Party Service, you may be required to register with that third party to post a comment. Please review that third party’s privacy policy to learn how it uses your information.
Data Location. Our Services are based in the United States, so your personal data will be hosted and processed by us in the United States. Your personal data may also be processed in countries in which SYSPRO offices and personnel are located, and in which our service providers are located or have servers. By using our Services, you consent to the processing of your data in these locations, which may not have the same privacy protections and rights applicable to the United States.
Third-Party Services. The Services may contain links to other Third-Party Services. We are not responsible for the privacy policies and/or practices of Third-Party Services. When following a link to another website, you should read that website’s privacy policy.
7. What Choices Do I Have?
Access, Edit and Delete Personal Data. You may access, and, in some cases, edit or delete personal data that SYSPRO holds about you by calling 800-369-8649 or emailing privacy@us.syspro.com. Please note, however, that some information may remain in our records after deletion of such information from your account. In addition, we may use any aggregated, de-identified data derived from or incorporating your personal data after you update or delete it. If you request that any of your personal data be deleted, we reserve the right to terminate and/or limit your access to the Services to the extent Services cannot be reasonably provided without that information.
General (non-EU) Data Privacy Requests. If you have any questions about updating information we have on file about you, please complete call 800-369-8649 or email privacy@us.syspro.com.
EU Data Privacy Requests. Some individuals, including those whose information is subject to European Union (EU) data privacy laws, have certain legal rights to obtain information of whether we hold personal data about them, to access personal data we hold about them, and to obtain the correction, update, amendment or deletion of such data in appropriate circumstances. For some personal data, requests to exercise these rights may be submitted by calling 800-369-8649 or emailing privacy@us.syspro.com
California Civil Code Sections 1798.83-1798.84. Under California Civil Code Sections 1798.83-1798.84, California residents are entitled to ask us for a notice identifying the categories, categories of sources, and specific pieces of Personal Information that we share with our affiliates and/or third parties for marketing purposes, and to provide contact information for such affiliates and/or third parties. If you are a California resident and would like a copy of this notice, please call 800-369-8649 or send an email to privacy@us.syspro.com.
Decline to Provide. You may always opt not to disclose information to us, but keep in mind some information may be needed to complete a transaction or to take advantage of some of the features of our Services.
Marketing Communications. You may opt out of receiving marketing communications at any time by clicking the “unsubscribe” link located in the footer of any marketing email you have received from SYSPRO or by sending an email to emarketing@us.syspro.com.
8. For How Long Does SYSPRO Retain Data?
The time periods for which SYSPRO keeps your Personal Information may vary according to the use or purpose attached to the Personal Information. Unless there is a specific legal requirement requiring SYSPRO to keep your Personal Information, SYSPRO will not keep it for longer than necessary for the purpose for which the Personal Information was collected or for which it is to be processed. At the end of the retention period, SYSPRO will delete your Personal Information in a manner designed to ensure that it cannot be reconstructed or read.
9. Safety of Children and Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA)
Minors are not eligible to use the Website and SYSPRO requests that they do not submit any Personal Information to SYSPRO. If you believe that SYSPRO has mistakenly or unintentionally collected Personal Information of a minor through the Website, please notify SYSPRO at privacy@us.syspro.com so that SYSPRO may immediately delete the information from SYSPRO’s servers and make any other corrections.
10. Sensitive Information
You undertake not to send or share with SYSPRO any sensitive Personal Information (such as information related to racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religion or other beliefs, health, criminal background, or trade union membership.)
11. Changes to This Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to update this Privacy Policy from time to time to reflect, among other things, changes in the law, our data collection and use practices, our Services, or advances in technology, by posting revised terms on our website and/or by posting notice of such changes within the application.
12. General Clauses
12.1 In the event that any of the provisions of this Privacy Policy are or may become illegal, invalid, unlawful or unenforceable in any jurisdiction affected by this Privacy Policy, such provision as to such jurisdiction, shall be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability and shall be treated as not written in this Privacy Policy and severed from the balance of this Privacy Policy, without invalidating the remaining provisions of this Privacy Policy or affecting the validity or enforceability of such provision in any other jurisdiction.
12.2 SYSPRO’s failure to act with respect to a breach by you or others does not constitute a waiver of SYSPRO’s right to act with respect to subsequent or similar breaches.
12.3 You shall not be entitled to cede or assign your rights or delegate your obligations in terms of this Privacy Policy to any third party without SYSPRO’s prior written consent.
12.4 No party shall be bound by any express or implied term, representation, warranty, promise or the like not recorded herein.
12.5 The head notes to the paragraphs to this Privacy Policy are inserted for reference purposes only and shall not affect the interpretation of any of the provisions to which they relate.
12.6 Words importing the singular shall include the plural and vice versa, and words importing the masculine gender shall include females and words importing persons shall include partnerships and corporate and unincorporated entities.
12.7 The termination of your relationship with SYSPRO, for any reason, or the cessation of your use of the Website shall not affect the provisions of this Privacy Policy as expressly provide that they will operate after any such termination or cessation or which of necessity must continue to have effect after such termination or cessation notwithstanding that the provisions themselves do not expressly provide for this.
12.8 This Privacy Policy sets forth the entire understanding and agreement between SYSPRO and you with respect to the subject matter hereof.
12.9 No provision in this Privacy Policy shall be construed against or interpreted to the disadvantage of SYSPRO by reason of SYSPRO having or being deemed to have structured, drafted or introduced such provision.
13. If you have questions regarding our Privacy Policy or practices, please contact us at 800-369-8649, privacy@us.syspro.com, or by mail at:
SYSPRO USA
Attn: Privacy
959 South Coast Drive, Suite 100
Costa Mesa, CA 92626
Discover SYSRO
Discover SYSPRO
Learn about the ERP benefits SYSPRO offers
Learn More
SYSPRO USA AND AMERICAS
Phone: 800-369-8649
Address: 959 South Coast Drive, Suite 100 Costa Mesa, California 92626
Email: info@us.syspro.com
Contact us
Connect with SYSPRO
ProductDistribution Management
Financial Management
Inventory Management
Managed Cloud Services
Manufacturing Management
Mobile
SYSPRO ERP System
What is ERP?
ServicesEducation
Implementation
Professional Services
Support
About SYSPROAwards
Careers
Contact Us
Customer
News
Why SYSPRO?
Copyright © 2020 SYSPRO.
All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions     •     Privacy Policy
Solutions
Business Needs
Business Intelligence
Business Performance Management
B2B eCommerce
Demand Driven MRP
Distribution Management
Financial Management
Governance, Risk and Compliance
Growth Management
Inventory Management
Lean Manufacturing
Manufacturing Execution System
Manufacturing Management
Order Management
Procurement Software
Production Management
Sales and Operations Planning
Planning and Scheduling
Supply Chain Management
Traceability
Warehouse Management
Business Roles
Executives
Finance
Information Technology
Operations
Business Size
SMB
Mid-Size
Enterprise
Manufacturing Types
Assemble to Order
Batch Manufacturing
Discrete Manufacturing
Job Shop
Make to Order
Make to Stock
Mixed Mode
Process Manufacturing
Industries
Manufacturing
Automotive Parts and Accessories
Chemicals and Fertilizers
Electronics
Food and Beverage
Furniture and Fittings
Industrial Machinery and Equipment
Medical Device
Metal Fabrication
Packaging
Pharmaceutical
Plastics and Rubber
Distribution
Automotive Parts and Accessories
Computer and Electronics Products
Consumer Goods
Food and Beverage
Industrial Machinery and Equipment
Product
ERP
Manufacturing ERP
Distribution ERP
What is ERP?
SYSPRO ERP Product Tour
ERP Product Brochure
CRM
CRM for Manufacturing & Distribution
CRM Virtual Tour
CRM Product Brochure
POS
Manufacturing POS
Why Point of Sale for Manufacturing and Distribution?
Smart Manufacturing
Artificial Intelligence
Big Data
Bots
Internet of Things
Managed Cloud Services
Mobile ERP
Security
Socialization
ISV Partners
Electronic Data Interchange Processing
Payment Solutions
Quality Assurance
Sales Tax Compliance
Self-Service Reporting
Services
Digital Badges
Education and Training
Implementation
Managed Cloud Services
Professional Services
Support
Company
Analyst Insights
Awards
Careers
Corporate Social Responsibility
Contact Us
Customers
Executive Team
News
Social Hub
Why SYSPRO?
Resources
Blog
Content Library
ERP Selection
FAQ
Success Stories
Videos and Demos
Webinars
Partner
Become a Partner
Why PartnerUP
Partner Types
Benefits of Partnership
Onboarding
Join PartnerUP
Services
Education
Support Overview
Implementation
Find a Partner
SYSPRO Partners
Quick Links
Partner Portal
Infozone
Apps for SYSPRO
ISV Partners
Become an ISV Partner
ISV Solution Directory
Request a Demo
We've recently updated our Privacy Policy. Find out more.
SARA