http://usability.com.au/terms-conditions/
Terms & Conditions
Copyright
All the contents of this Web Site, including text, pages, documents and images, unless otherwise stated, are the copyright property of Web Usability ACN 71 358 068 652.
Material from the Site may be printed or downloaded for personal use only.
Other than for the purposes of and subject to the conditions prescribed under the Copyright Act 1968 or any other applicable legislation throughout the world, you may not, in any form or by any means:
Adapt, reproduce, store, distribute, transmit, print, display, perform, publish or create derivative works from any part of this Web Site; or
Commercialise any information, products or services obtained from any part of this Web Site without written permission from Web Usability.
If you have any queries, you should contact us.
Disclaimer Of Liability – General Disclaimer
This Web Site is produced, managed and maintained by Web Usability.
We are not liable to you or anyone else for any loss in connection with use of this Web Site or any other site which is linked to from this site. This general disclaimer is not restricted or modified by any of the following specific warnings or disclaimers.
This Site and its use are governed by the laws of New South Wales, Australia, and by using this site you agree to submit to the jurisdiction of the courts of that state.
Disclaimer Of Liability – Information
The information contained in this site provides a general guide only. In some cases, material on this web site may incorporate or be based on views of, or information provided by, third parties. Web Usability does not warrant the accuracy, reliability or completeness of information shown in or omitted from this site. We have taken reasonable care in producing this information but changes may occur at any time that impact on the accuracy or completeness of the information.
Disclaimer Of Liability – Links to third party sites
This Web Site may contain links to other sites. These links are provided for convenience only any may not remain current or be maintained. Web Usability takes no responsibility for the content or operations of these other linked sites.
Links to these sites should not be considered as any endorsement, approval or recommendation for the sites, or the owners/operators of the sites, or any of the information, products or services referred to in the linked sites.
Disclaimer Of Liability – Virus Protection
We are not liable if interference with or damage to your computer systems occurs in connection with use of this Web Site or other linked sites. There is no guarantee that these sites will be free of viruses, Trojan horses or any other damaging contaminants. We do not warrant that your access to the Web Site will be uninterrupted or error free or that any defects will be corrected.
Privacy
This Web Site is produced and maintained by Web Usability.
Web Usability is committed to protecting the privacy of all visitors to the Site and the responsible use of any information about site users obtained through the Site.
As each person visits our Web Site the webserver collects and logs general information such as the date and time of the visit, pages viewed and in some cases the home server or domain name used to access the Site. The log files do not identify individual visitors.
Personal information is also sometimes collected directly from visitors to the Site by Web Site forms and email communication.
All information obtained through the Web Site will be used exclusively by Web Usability. We have a policy not disclosing, selling or passing on any personal information to other individuals or organisations.
For more information about our privacy policy please contact us.