http://userinmind.com/privacy-policy/
info@userinmind.com
(416) 490-7556
Login
Privacy Policy
Home
/
Privacy Policy /
UIM Digital is aware that the protection of personal data and its confidential handling is of great concern to our users. We would therefore like to communicate below the information we collect and how we handle it.
Information Collected We gather collective data, i.e. data on the number of visitors to our website and the pages which they visit. The name of the file, the date and time of the visit, the volume of data transferred and a message regarding whether the visit was successful is saved for each visit. This data provides us with information on the general interests and preferences of our visitors. The data is not person-related, but only of a general, statistical nature. We are therefore unable to determine which users have called up what data.
In addition, we automatically gather and save information that is transferred by your browser; in particular your IP address and the version of browser software you are using. This data is a foundation stone of the Internet’s fundamental technology and is used solely for system administration purposes and to ensure that our pages are transmitted correctly.
Some areas of this site may require you to submit information in order for you to benefit from features (such as newsletter subscriptions, tips / pointers, or order processing) or to participate in activities (such as sweepstakes or other promotions). You will be informed at each information point what information is required and what information is optional.
Length of Storage and Deletion Any personal data that may be collected will be stored indefinitely. Naturally you have the right to request at any time that your data be wholly or partly deleted. We will carry out such a request without delay.
Links to Other Websites This website may at some pages offer links to other websites. Please note that UIM Digital has no control over the content or privacy practices of those other websites, and that this privacy policy does not apply to those sites. We suggest that you carefully review the posted privacy practices of any of these external websites that you may choose to visit.
Cookies Cookies are small text files which may be stored on the hard drive of a visitor to a website. They enable you to have personal settings on the website. These files can be used to trace visitor behaviour, in particular which pages have been visited. Most browsers accept cookies automatically, but a few are configured such that they do not accept them or, at least, that they announce when a cookie will be sent.
UIM Digital does NOT use cookies in connection with this website, although it is used in relation to the UIM Digital application. Please note that cookies may also be used by websites linked to us and also on some pages of other UIM Digital companies. If you leave our website, you should immediately read the privacy policies of the other suppliers carefully.
Passing on Information to Third Parties (Use and Disclosure of Information) We will not pass along any collected data to unaffiliated third parties, either through sale, lease, or exchange.
We may disclose your personally identifiable information to other UIM Digital affiliates worldwide that agree to treat it in accordance with this Privacy Policy. In addition, we may disclose your personally identifiable information to third parties, located in the Canada and/or any other country, but only;
i. to contractors we use to support our business (e.g., fulfillment services, technical support, delivery services, and financial institutions). In this case we will require such third parties to agree to handle the data confidentially in accordance with this Privacy Policy and delete this information immediately when it is no longer required, although we are unable to comprehensively check that this obligation is complied with and bear no liability for any possible infringements;
ii. in connection with the sale, assignment, or other transfer of the business of this site to which the information relates, in which case we will require any such buyer to agree to treat it in accordance with this Privacy Policy; or
iii. where required by applicable laws, court orders, or government regulations.
If you provide personally identifiable information to this site, we may combine such information with other actively collected information unless we specify otherwise at the point of collection. We will take reasonable measures to prevent personally identifiable information from being combined with passively collected information, unless you consent otherwise. Except as otherwise stated, we may use any information we gather, personally identifiable or otherwise, to improve the content of our site, to communicate information to you if such a request was made, for marketing and research purposes, and for the purposes specified elsewhere in this privacy policy.
Children We ask that no one under the age of 18 submit to us any personal information through this website without first obtaining the permission of his or her parent or guardian.
Updating of this Privacy Policy Due to constant technical and legal innovations, we must amend or update the existing declaration from time to time. If this concerns you, please be sure to check for when the latest version of the Privacy Policy was posted on the website, each time you visit, before you use our website. The most recent post was on May 14, 2013.