https://usersolutions.com/our-privacy-policy/
PRIVACY POLICY
User Solutions, Inc. understands that your privacy is important. We have implemented this Data Privacy Policy with respect to information that we collect from you over the web and while providing you with information, software or services. We want to inform you of our Privacy Policy and to ensure you that we are taking steps to make sure that the information you give us is secure.
How We Use Your Information
We use information we collect to conduct our business and improve our Sites and Services, develop new products and services, provide information and support, to better understand your needs and interests, personalize communications and advertising, and generally promote a quality experience for you. For example, we may use your information, including your personal information, to:
Communicate, interact and build our relationship with you;
Customize the content, products and services that are offered to you;
Contact you with information about User Solutions, Inc. and affiliated third-parties;
Process, fulfill and follow up on transactions and requests for products, services, support, and information;
Verify your authority to enter and use our Services;
Engage in market research and analysis;
Measure, analyze and improve our products and services, the effectiveness of our websites, and our advertising and marketing;
Comply with legal requirements;
Provide targeting advertising, including the use of re-targeting technology;
Send you marketing materials, for example, via email, including our newsletter, and to notify you about products and services that we believe would be of interest to you; or
Deter, detect, and prevent fraud and other prohibited or illegal activities.
We may link information we collect from multiple sources to provide better service to you and to improve our products and services.
We restrict access to your personal information. It is USER SOLUTIONS SOFTWARE’s policy that the information you provide to USER SOLUTIONS SOFTWARE is not distributed to non-affiliated third parties for their use or sale. In certain circumstances User Solutions, Inc. may provide your information to third parties, such as upon your consent, when USER SOLUTIONS SOFTWARE reasonably believes that it is required to do so by law, or to certain business partners or service providers in the course of providing you with information, products or services. It is USER SOLUTIONS SOFTWARE’s policy to never sell your information to list brokers or agents for commercial gain.
User Solutions, Inc. will use the information that you provide in order to better service you with respect to User Solutions, Inc. products and services that are available from time to time. User Solutions, Inc. may also notify you of updates to www.UserSolutions.com and of special events or new product offerings that USER SOLUTIONS SOFTWARE or its business partners may introduce. These may be in the form of e-mails or mailings. User Solutions, Inc. permits you to opt-out of certain uses of your information when you initially provide personal information and at a later date if you so request.
We protect the information you give us. User Solutions, Inc. will take reasonable steps necessary to protect the information you provide to us. We continually review our security procedures and mechanisms to ensure that adequate protections are in place. UserSolutions.com may contain links to other web based sites. User Solutions, Inc. is not responsible for the privacy practices, security or the content of these sites.
User Solutions, Inc. uses the google reCAPTCHA. Users are subject to Google’s Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. You can find Google’s Privacy Policy and Terms of Service here. Privacy Policy and Terms of service.
Celebrating 25 Years of Award Winning Software!