https://valoores.com/privacy.php
Homepage
VALOORES in'Banking
VALOORES in'Analytics
VALOORES in'Technology
VALOORES in'Academy
VALOORES in'Insurance
VALOORES in'Retail
VALOORES in'Healthcare
VALOORES in'Multimedia
VALOORES in’Government
VALOORES in'Consultant
Business Intelligence
VALOORES in'Integration
HR & Careers
News / Press Release
Contact us
Framework
The Logo
Our History
Privacy Policy
Site Terms
By accessing this website you agree to be bound by these Terms & conditions ("terms"), please read them carefully. If you do not agree to be bound by these terms you should not access or view this website.
The information contained in this website is intended for general information purposes only. VALOORES has made all reasonable efforts to ensure that the information on this website is accurate at the time of inclusion, however there may be inaccuracies and occasional errors for which VALOORES apologizes.
VALOORES makes no representations or warranties about the information provided through this website, including any hypertext links to any website or other items used either directly or indirectly from this website. VALOORES accepts no liability for any inaccuracies or omissions in this website and any decisions based on information contained in this website are the sole responsibility of the visitor.
The information and images contained within this website are ©Copyright VALOORES. We permit you to make copies of this website as necessary incidental acts during your viewing of it; and you may take a print for your personal use of so much of the site as is reasonable for private purposes. You may not frame this site nor link to a page other than the home page without our express permission in writing.
You shall not use this website for any illegal purposes and in particular agree that you shall not send, use, copy, post or allow any posting which is defamatory or obscene within the meaning of prevalent and prescribed laws of Lebanon, or which is abusive, indecent or in breach of the privacy of any person. You agree not to send any unsolicited promotional or advertising material, spam or similar materials or any volume messages that may interfere with the operation of this website or with the enjoyment of this website by other visitors.
VALOORES reserves the right at any time and without notice to enhance, modify, alter, suspend or permanently discontinue all or any part of this website and to restrict or prohibit access to it.
You hereby agree to indemnify VALOORES against any costs, claims, losses and damages (including legal fees) incurred by or awarded against VALOORES as a result of your misuse of this website or your breach of these terms.
If you are in breach of these terms or of VALOORES’’s Privacy Policy, VALOORES may as its option, suspend or block your access to this website and refuse to provide you with any further access to it.
This website is provided to you free of charge, and VALOORES does not accept any liability to you (except in the case of personal injury or death caused by its negligence or for fraud or as required by law) whether in contract, tort (including negligence) or otherwise, arising out of it in connection with this website. VALOORES accepts no liability for any direct, special, indirect or consequential damages, or any other damages of whatsoever kind resulting from whatever cause through the use of any information obtained either directly or indirectly from this website. Your sole remedy is to discontinue using this website.
These terms may be amended by VALOORES from time to time.
Your use of this website and downloads from it, and the operation of these terms & conditions, shall be governed in accordance with the laws of Lebanon. The Lebanon courts shall have exclusive jurisdiction over any dispute arising out of your use of this website. In the event that any or any part of the terms contained in these terms & conditions shall be determined by any competent authority to be invalid, unlawful or unenforceable to any extent, such term shall to that extent be severed from the remaining terms which shall continue to be valid and enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Privacy Policy
VALOORES respects the privacy of visitors and users of this website, and will only collect personally identifiable data, such as your name or email address, when it is voluntarily submitted to us at this website. Any questions or enquiries which you have in relation to VALOORES should be addressed to:
HR@valoores.com
700 Feghali Center, Abou Jaoudeh Street,
Bouchrieh, Beirut, Lebanon
Tel: +961 1 90 11 70
Fax: +961 1 90 11 75
Web: www.valoores.com
VALOORES Internet Privacy Policy
This website is provided by VALOORES. We take very seriously the privacy of our website users and the security of their personal information. For your convenience, this website contains links to a number of other websites, outside VALOORES’ site. The privacy policies and procedures described here do not apply to those sites; we suggest contacting those sites directly for information on their data collection and distribution policies.
The purpose of this privacy policy is to set out the principles governing our use of personal information that we may obtain about you. By using the websites, or by registering as a user of the services that we provide, you agree to this use. We ask you to read this privacy policy carefully. Any dispute which may arise over privacy will be subject to this policy, the data protection notice (if any) incorporated into this website and the provisions of Lebanon law. We may change our privacy policy from time to time. We therefore ask you to check it occasionally to ensure that you are aware of the most recent version that will apply each time you access this website.
Personal information collection and use
VALOORES will only collect personally identifiable data, such as your name or email address, when it is voluntarily submitted to us at this website. VALOORES and the companies we hire will use this information to comply with your request for information or as otherwise disclosed to you when you submit your information. From time to time, we may refer to that information to better understand your needs and how we can improve our services. We may use that information to contact you. We will not otherwise transfer the personally identifiable information you provide at this website to any third party unless otherwise disclosed to you.
Non-personal information collection and use
In common with many commercial organizations we monitor the use of this website by collecting aggregate information. We may automatically collect non-personal information about you such as the type of internet browsers you use, the pages you visit or the website which directed you to our site. You cannot be identified from this information and it is used only to assist us in providing an effective service on this website.
Use of cookies
Cookies are small files which are sent to your web browser and stored on your computer's hard drive. This website uses 'session cookies' - temporary cookies that remain in your browser until you leave the website. These allow you to carry information across our site without having to re-enter it; it also enables us to analyze web traffic and improve our online services. They cannot be used to identify you. You may set your web browser to notify you of cookie placement requests or to decline cookies completely. You can delete the files that contain cookies; those files are stored as part of your internet browser.
Under 13 year olds
This website is not intended or designed to attract children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable data from or about any person under the age of 13. If you are under 13 years old and wish to ask a question or use this site in any way which requires you to submit your personal information, please get your parent or guardian to do so on your behalf.
Security of your personal data
We have implemented technologies and policies with the objective of protecting your privacy from unauthorized access and improper use and will update these measures as appropriate as new technologies become available.
Who is responsible for personal information collected on this site?
If you have any questions about VALOORES' privacy policy, please email our Internet Editor, who controls the personal data collected on this website.