https://verisium.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy – Verisium
Fields of use
Marketing
Anti-counterfeit
Traceability
Music
Pricing
About
Our Team
Brands
Cases
Partners
Blog
Technologies
Tagging
Blockchain
Mobile app
Contact us
en
ru
Get started
Back
Privacy Policy for Verisium
This Privacy Policy describes the handling of user data by the Verisium application and explains more
specifically what information Verisium collects about you and why. We are committed to respecting and
protecting your privacy and to handling your personal data confidentially.
Purpose: Marketing and informational purposes. The information could be requested by a
Brand, that produced a scanned good.
Processed data:
Device ID;
User’s locale (language);
User’s location (GPS coordinates) when any good is being scanned;
Device operating system (incl. its version);
Device IP address;
Application version.
Data Transferring and Sharing:
Data is forwarded to the Verisium web service over a secure channel. Verisium protects the information
received in accordance with the law and the rules of Verisium. Verisium uses the information received only in
an anonymized form as a part of aggregated statistics. These aggregated statistics are generated
automatically from the original information received and do not contain personal information or any other
confidential information. General statistics are kept indefinitely.
Purpose: Performance monitoring and troubleshooting purposes.
Processed data:
To Google Analytics/Firebase:
Device ID;
Application version;
Information about the use of the product’s user interface, including information about the opening of the
user interface’s screens (including identifiers and names of screens and used control elements) and
switching between screens, type of the user’s interaction with the interface, information about changes to
settings and product parameters (including the name of the setting or the parameter, and the new values);
Information about the application performance, i.e. general operations start and finish timings.
To Crashlytics:
Information about an event of abnormal termination of the software: the unique identifier of the event,
date and time of the software installation and the event, text of the error message;
Information about the software installed on the device: the software bundle identifier and the version
number of the software, the flag indicating whether or not the software was running in the background;
The name and the version of the operating system;
Android ID.
Data Transferring and Sharing:
Data is forwarded to Firebase, Google Analytics and Crashlytics over a secure channel. Access to information
and its protection is governed by the relevant terms of use of Firebase, Google Analytics and Crashlytics
services.
Q&A
About
Contact us
Partners
Privacy Policy
Cases
Blog
If you’are interested in working or collaborating with us please contact us
Name
E-mail
Message
Get started
Thank you for contacting us!
Your message has been successfully sent. A member of our team will get back to you shortly. Have a great day!
Close