http://virtualforums.co.uk/privacy
This website uses cookies to deliver the best browsing experience - Learn More
Virtual Forums
home
register
features
support
blog
directory
anime
business
computing
entertainment
gaming
general
hobby
role play
sport
travel
web design
other
partners
support us
terms of service
report violation
privacy policy
What You Get from vForums
Your-Name.vforums.co.uk
Instant setup
Fully Customizable
Layout & Design
Powerful Administration Controls
& Moderation Tools
Reliable Service
Regular Upgrades
Completely Free
Unmetered Size
Daily Data Backups
API Interface
Ad-Free, Domain Hosting
& Banner Advertising
Services Available
Desired URL
.vforums.co.uk
vForums Stats
Total Forums:
New Forums:
Topics Started:
Replies Made:
Registered Users:
13,941
0
424,764
1,498,628
378,356
Privacy Policy
ACKNOWLEDGEMENT AND ACCEPTANCE OF TERMS
VirtualForums.co.uk is committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Statement sets forth our current privacy practices with regard to the information we collect when you or your computer interact with our website. By accessing VirtualForums.co.uk, you acknowledge and fully understand VirtualForums.co.uk's Privacy Statement and freely consent to the information collection and use practices described in this Website Privacy Statement.
PARTICIPATING MERCHANT POLICIES
Related services and offerings with links from this website, including vendor sites, have their own privacy statements that can be viewed by clicking on the corresponding links within each respective website. Online merchants and others who participate in VirtualForums.co.uk services are encouraged to participate in industry privacy initiatives and to take a responsible attitude towards consumer privacy. However, since we do not have direct control over the policies or practices of participating merchants and other third parties, we are not responsible for the privacy practices or contents of those sites. We recommend and encourage that you always review the privacy policies of merchants and other third parties before you provide any personal information or complete any transaction with such parties.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND HOW WE USE IT
VirtualForums.co.uk collects certain information from and about its users three ways: directly from our Web Server logs, the user, and with Cookies.
a. Web Server Logs.
When you visit our Website, we may track information to administer the site and analyze its usage. Examples of information we may track include:
• Your Internet protocol address.
• The kind of browser or computer you use.
• State or country from which you accessed the site.
• Date and time of your visit.
• Web page you linked to our site from.
b. Use of Cookies
VirtualForums.co.uk may use cookies to personalize or enhance your user experience. A cookie is a small text file that is placed on your hard disk by our server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a Web Server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to keep you logged into the website for as long as you choose. Cookies can also be used to store your preferences so that you do not have to enter them on every visit.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies. If you reject cookies by changing your browser settings then be aware that this will disable substantial functionality on our Website.
c. Personal Information Users
VirtualForums.co.uk does not release any type of personally identifiable information out to anyone, except if required by law. Unless you choose to share information, then nobody apart from forum administrators will be able to see any personal details such as email address or IP.
We will not disclose information we collect from you to third parties without your permission except to the extent necessary including:
• To protect ourselves from liability, or
• To respond to legal process or comply with law.
CHANGES TO THIS STATEMENT
VirtualForums.co.uk has the discretion to update this privacy statement at any time. We encourage you to periodically review this privacy statement to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. Your continued use of the service constitutes your agreement to this privacy statement and any updates.
CONTACTING US
If you have questions regarding our Privacy Statement, its implementation, failure to adhere to this Privacy Statement and/or our general practices, please contact us via our support forum.
Featured vForums
Surrey Jobs
Pure Creativity
Timeless
Carpe Noctum
Forum Directory
Virtual Forums: Provider of Free Message Board Hosting
Contact Us | Sitemap