https://visual-integrity.com/contact-us/privacy-policy/
SIGN IN YOUR ACCOUNT TO HAVE ACCESS TO DIFFERENT FEATURES
USERNAME
PASSWORD
Remember Me
FORGOT YOUR PASSWORD?FORGOT YOUR DETAILS?
USERNAME OR EMAIL
Privacy PolicyVisual Integrity Technologies LLC, (Visual Integrity), is committed to keeping private all personal information collected from visitors to our websites. We do not collect information from our applications, plug-ins or Microsoft Office add-ins. Our privacy statement has been designed to ensure those affiliated with Visual Integrity of our promise to meet and, where possible, exceed most existing privacy standards.Collection of your Personal InformationVisual Integrity collects personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail address, name, billing address and telephone number, which is required for processing of orders and trial downloads. The personal details that we collect is limited to information that you knowingly and willingly provide by way of web registration forms, completed order forms, email or subscription. It is the intent of this site to use personal information only for the purpose for which it was requested and any additional uses specifically provided on this site.Visual Integrity encourages you to review the privacy policy of Web sites you choose to link to from Visual Integrity so that you can understand how those Web sites collect, use and share your information. Visual Integrity is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of the Visual Integrity and Visual Integrity family of Web sites.Use of your Personal InformationVisual Integrity collects and uses your personal information from the Visual Integrity.com and pdf2cad.* websites to deliver the services you have requested. Visual Integrity also uses your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Visual Integrity and its affiliates. Visual Integrity may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.Visual Integrity does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. Visual Integrity may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party.In addition, Visual Integrity may share data with trusted partners to help us communicate with you in your own language, where we do not have a native speaker, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to you and Visual Integrity, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information in accordance with this privacy policy.Visual Integrity does not use or disclose sensitive personal information without your explicit consent.Visual Integrity keeps track of the pages our customers visit, within our registered domains, in order to understand and analyze our markets. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising to customers whose details indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.Visual Integrity Web sites will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Visual Integrity or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Visual Integrity; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Visual Integrity, or the public.Children Under Age of 13 Privacy PolicyVisual Integrity does not knowingly collect personal identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen (13) without verifiable parental consent. If it is determined that such information has been inadvertently collected on anyone under the age of thirteen (13), we shall immediately take the necessary steps to ensure that such information is deleted from our system’s database. Anyone under the age of thirteen (13) must seek and obtain parent or guardian permission to use this website.Unsubscribe or Opt-OutAll users and/or visitors to our website have the option to discontinue receiving communication from us and/or reserve the right to discontinue receiving communications by way of email or newsletters. To discontinue or unsubscribe from our website please send an email that you wish to unsubscribe to info@visual-integrity.com or use the “unsubscribe” link in the email you receive from us.  If you wish to unsubscribe or opt-out from any third party websites, you must go to that specific website to unsubscribe and/or opt-out.Updating and correcting your Visual-Integrity.com AccountWhen you log into your account on visual-integrity.com, you can access, update and correct some of the Personal Data that we use to authenticate you including, your name, email and contact details. Please note that the changes you make in your customer account will be reflected in our active customer database. We may retain this information in backups, archives, fraud and abuses detection and license history.Privacy Policy – Use of CookiesVisual Integrity’s websites use “cookies” to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize Visual Integrity pages, or register with a Visual Integrity site or services, a cookie helps Visual Integrity to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same Visual Integrity website, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Visual Integrity features that you customized.You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Visual Integrity services or Web sites you visit.Note on Google Analytics and Cookies – While some of the cookies we use are there to serve you better (see above), you can opt out from the collection by Google Analytics of navigation information during your visits to our Websites. To do so, use the Google Analytics Opt-out feature available from Google.Mobile DevicesDue to differences between apps and websites on mobile devices, you may need to take additional steps to disable tracking technologies in mobile apps. Many mobile devices allow you to opt-out of targeted advertising within the Settings area of the device.Security of your Personal InformationVisual Integrity secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. Visual Integrity secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted for payment processing, it is protected through the use of strong encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.Changes to this Privacy StatementVisual Integrity will occasionally update this Privacy Policy to reflect company and customer feedback. Visual Integrity encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how Visual Integrity is protecting your information.Contact InformationVisual Integrity welcomes your comments, questions and any complaints regarding this Privacy Policy and how your Personal data is handled. For these, please direct your inquiry to:Visual Integrity Technologies LLCMs. Jean HaneyPortland, Maine(203) 847-3355jean@visual-integrity.comEmail: info@visual-integrity.com © 1993-2020 All rights reserved. Visual Integrity Technologies LLC. TOP