http://vividvisuals.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Categories Menu
Home
About
Background
Mission
Our Process
Quality Commitment
Testimonials
Vivid Services
Responsive Web Design
Branding Design & Print
Video Services
Portfolio
Knowledge Corner
Contact
Home »
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Vivid Visuals Limited collects the following information about you.
Name, Email, Website and Information referring to your support request. We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.
Vivid Visuals Limited does not sell or make available your responses to third parties. Vivid Visuals Limited does not sell or make available your form data without your express permission. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.
Data Collected
Like most website operators, Vivid Visuals Limited collects non-personally-identifying information that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Vivid Visuals Limited’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand our customers.
Vivid Visuals Limited also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses. Vivid Visuals Limited servers record the incoming IP addresses of visitors to our websites, this IP information is stored in log files. Vivid Visuals Limited uses these log files for purposes such as system maintenance and administration, record keeping, tracking referring websites, tracking your location, and security purposes (e.g. controlling abuse, spam and DDOS attacks). By agreeing to this privacy policy, you expressly consent to Vivid Visuals Limited using your IP address for these purposes.
Tracking & Cookies Data
Cookies are files with small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier stored on a visitor’s computers, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. vividvisuals.co.uk uses cookies to help identify and track visitors, their usage of vividvisuals.co.uk, and their website access preferences. You can instruct your internet browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
Examples of Cookies we use:
Session Cookies. We use Session Cookies to operate our Service.Preference Cookies.
We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.
Social Media Features
Vivid Visuals Limited websites may include social media features or widgets, such as the Facebook Like button and Twitter share. Use of these features may allow them to collect your IP address, detect which page you are visiting on our site, and set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the third party providing it.
Personal data
If you are located outside the United Kingdom and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to the United Kingdom and process it there. Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer. Vivid Visuals Limited will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service (“Service Providers”), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used. These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Analytics
We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our
Service.
Google AnalyticsGoogle Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks
and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and
monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Google
services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and
personalize the ads of its own advertising network. You can opt-out of having made your activity on the Service available to
Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-
on. The add-on prevents the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js,
analytics.js, and dc.js) from sharing information with Google Analytics
about visits activity.
For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the
Google Privacy & Terms web page
Share Buttons by AddThis
Addthis is an online analytics service. Read the Privacy Policy of Addthis
JotForm Embed Forms
Jotforms is an online service which allows the collection of form data. Read the Privacy Policy of Jotfoms
Wordfence Security is an online security system that protects this website. Read the Privacy Policy of Wordfence
Site links
Vivid Visuals Limited may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13 (“Children”). We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Children has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
Accessing and correcting your personal data. You have the right to access and correct the personal information that Vivid Visuals Limited holds about you. This right may be exercised by visiting your form submissions or by contacting Customer Support.
Consents. By clicking “I Agree” or any other button indicating your acceptance of this privacy policy, you expressly consent to the following:
You consent to the collection, use, disclosure and processing of your personal data in the manner described in this privacy policy, including our procedures relating to cookies, IP addresses and log files.
Vivid Visuals Limited servers are based in the UK, so your personal data will be primarily processed by Vivid Visuals Limited in the UK.
You consent to Vivid Visuals Limited sharing your personal data with relevant persons working for service providers who assist us to provide our services.
If you have enabled cookies on your web browser, you consent to our use of cookies as described in this privacy policy.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, vividvisuals.co.uk may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in vividvisuals.co.uk’s sole discretion. vividvisuals.co.uk encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Questions
If you have any questions about this privacy policy, please feel free to contact us.
Home
About
Vivid Services
Portfolio
Knowledge Corner
Contact
Web Syle by Vivid | Powered by WP
| Theme by ET