https://voiceport.net/privacy-policy/
Already a customer? Click on the Help Portal below to login to your account.
Help Portal
We're social! Follow us on LinkedIn and Twitter to stay on top of the latest VoicePort technology and innovation news.
VoicePort Privacy Statement
What does VoicePort do?
VoicePort provides mobile and online messaging technologies that enable digital communication between business clients and consumers through chat, voice, messaging, and other methods.
What information does VoicePort collect from you?
If you visit our website or use our services, we may collect:
Chat and messaging transcripts;
Information related to your browsing, purchasing and online behavior and activities; and
Automatic information, such as IP address, operating systems, and type of device used.
Information you provide to us, including:
Personal information, such as your name and contact information
Surveys, transcripts and recordings of your communications with us,
Automatic information, such as:
Web browser and usage information, including IP address, browser types, page view tallies, time spend on each page, page browsing information, operating system, and type of device used.
How does VoicePort collect information from You?
We may collect information through the following methods if you visit our website:
Your communications with VoicePort via email, chat and messaging,
Your requests for information, news and other content,
A technical support request you submit,
Your participation in a VoicePort promotion, or
Recruitment and job applications.
We may also collect information from our direct interactions with you (such as through your attendance at a trade show or through sales inquiries), publicly available data or data provided by third-party sources, such as marketing opt-in lists.
How does VoicePort use the information it collects about me?
We use the information we collect to provide and improve our services. We process your information if you have given your consent; if it’s necessary to perform a contract with you or to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract; if it’s necessary to comply with legal obligations; or if it’s necessary for us or a third party to pursue a legitimate interest.
If you visit our website, we may also use your information for the following purposes:
To deliver information requested by you, for example in response to technical support requests,
To deliver marketing or other materials to you,
For promotions you may enter into, or
If you submit a resume, to considering you for employment with VoicePort.
VoicePort may retain your information for a period of time consistent with the original purpose of collection.  We may also retain your information during the period of time needed for VoicePort to pursue our legitimate business interests, conduct audits, comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Does VoicePort use cookies?
We may use cookies and other identification technologies for record keeping purposes and to enhance your experience, if you choose to visit our websites
Cookies:
Cookies are small text files stored on a visitor’s web browser and applications. Cookies are often used to make web-browsing easier by performing functions such as saving passwords and maintaining lists of personal preferences regarding the use of the website.
Our website may use the following types of cookies:
Strictly Necessary Cookies – these cookies are essential to enable you to browse our website and use the available features.
Performance Cookies – these cookies collect information about how you use our website. For instance, these cookies track which pages you visit most. This data may be used to help optimize our website and make it easier for you to navigate within them. These cookies do not collect information that identifies you; all information is aggregated and anonymous.
Functionality Cookies – these cookies allow our website to remember choices you make while browsing, such as geographic location and preferences such as text size and fonts. The information collected by these cookies will not personally identify you.
Other identification technologies that may be used by VoicePort website:
Pixel tags (also called beacons or pixels) – these are small blocks of code installed on (or called by) a webpage which can retrieve certain information about your device and browser, including device type, operating system, browser type and version, website visited, time of visit, referring website, IP address and other similar information.
Software Development Kits (also called SDKs) – function like pixels and cookies, but operate in the mobile application context where pixels and cookies cannot always function. The application developer can install pieces of code (the SDK) into the application to collect certain information about user interaction with the application and information about the user device and network information.
Third-party technologies:
VoicePort may use third-party service providers who are authorized to place cookies, pixel tags or similar technologies on our website with our permission.  These technologies help us compile metrics and analytics to help improve our website.  Third-party cookies and technologies are covered by the third party’s privacy policy.
Your choice:
Web browsers are usually set to accept cookies. However, if you prefer not to receive cookies, you typically have the option of setting your browser to refuse cookies. If your browser is set to refuse cookies, it is likely that some of the functionality offered by VoicePort will not be available or will not work as effectively for you.
For further information about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set on your device and how to manage and delete them, you can visit www.allaboutcookies.org and www.youronlinechoices.eu.
Do Not Track
Various browsers, including Internet Explorer, Firefox and Safari, currently offer a “do not track” or “DNT” option that relies on a technology that sends a signal to websites a user visits about that user’s browser DNT preferences. While VoicePort attempts to honor the DNT instructions received from a user’s browser, VoicePort cannot guarantee that it will always respond to such signals because a common industry standard for DNT has not been adopted.
Sharing of Information or “Customer Data”
VoicePort does not sell, trade or rent personal information provided by you in any transcript, survey or recording for direct marketing or any other purpose, except as provided in this privacy policy or with your permission.  VoicePort does not disclose the contents of transcripts, surveys or recordings other than to service providers performing services on behalf of VoicePort, other than as provided in this privacy policy or with your permission.
If you engage with a brand that uses our Services, we may share your information with that brand.
For legal reasons, we may share your information if we reasonably believe that it:  (i) is necessary to comply with a legal process (such as a court order, subpoena, or search warrant) or other legal requirement of any governmental authority; (ii) would potentially mitigate our liability in an actual or potential lawsuit; (iii) is necessary to enforce this privacy policy or our Terms of Use or any other agreement in place between you and VoicePort; (iv) is necessary to investigate and prevent unauthorized transactions or other illegal activities; and/or (v) is otherwise necessary or appropriate to protect our rights or property or the rights or property of any person or entity.
To deliver and improve the Services, we may aggregate information so that it is not personally identifiable and use and share such aggregated information for training and quality assurance purposes and to deliver and improve our Services.
Service providers
We use a limited number of third-party service providers to assist us in making our website available to visitors and users. For example, we may share data with third parties who provide services to us, such as credit card processing services, analytics and data storage services. These third parties may access, process or store personal data in the course of providing their services.
Access and changes to personal data
If you elect to engage in any communication or engagement session with VoicePort or a customer that uses our Services, it is up to you to decide what, if any, information to provide during such session.  Depending on your request, it may not be possible for us or our customer to address all of your questions without further information from you.  Nevertheless, if you do not wish to provide certain information, then you should not do so.
How can I review, correct, delete, transfer or receive a copy of my information or withdraw my consent to process my information?
If you receive any VoicePort’s marketing or advertising communications, you may, at any time, opt out of receiving further communications by clicking on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of a marketing or advertising email you receive.  You may also contact us at support@voiceport.net to opt out or to request changes to your personal information.
You may request to review, correct, delete, transfer or receive a copy of any of the personal information you’ve provided VoicePort, you may withdraw your consent to VoicePort processing your personal data by either contacting the brand directly or by contacting us at support@voiceport.net and we will respond within 30 days and can help coordinate with and support the brand as needed to respond to your request.
How does VoicePort keep my information secure?
We use security measures designed to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control.  For certain VoicePort Services, chat/messaging transcripts are encrypted during transmission.  In addition, transcripts that we store are maintained and archived on secure, hardened servers that are hosted on highly secure data centers.  Access to this data is protected by multiple layers of controls, including firewalls, role-based access controls, authentication mechanisms and monitoring.  Data is backed up, and archives are stored off-site in a secure location. We also offer additional encryption functionality and data masking to our customers.
Additional mobile considerations
In addition to the other terms in this policy, if you access our mobile-optimized website we may receive information about your mobile device, including a unique identifier for your device.
If you receive SMS messages from VoicePort, you may opt out by using the opt out in the message or by contacting us at support@voiceport.net.
United States and have certified our compliance with the U.S. Department of Commerce. In the event that there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the Privacy Shield principles, the Privacy Shield principles shall govern. To learn more about the Privacy Shield Framework and to view our certification, visit the U.S. Department of Commerce’s Privacy Shield website at www.privacyshield.gov.
Miscellaneous
We recommend that you review this privacy policy periodically, as we may update it from time to time.  Your use of our website, as applicable, constitutes your consent to the new privacy policy to the fullest extent permitted by law.
We are not responsible for and do not control the privacy practices of any third party.  We encourage you to review the privacy practices of each third party.