https://vpchat.com/privacy
Halsoft VPchat
> Privacy Statement
We do not read your private communications. We respect
the confidentiality of your communications in private chat rooms and
via instant messages. We do not monitor any private communications,
nor do we provide any kind of mechanism for others to do so. We will
not share any of your direct communications with Halsoft except to comply
with valid legal processes such as search warrants, subpoenas, or court
orders. The only other exceptions are the protection of Halsoft's rights
and property or during emergencies when we have reason to believe physical
safety is at risk.
We do not use any information about where you go while chatting, and
we do not give that information to others. We do use aggregated navigational
information to understand how our members as a group use the service.
We may also share this statistical information with our partners or
other outside companies. We do not keep track of where you go on the
Web. The Web sites you visit may have their own privacy policies or
no policy at all. We encourage you to review the policies of Web sites
you visit before providing them with any personal information.
We do not give out your telephone number, credit card information,
or email unless you authorize us to do so. The billing information you
provide, specifically credit card or bank account numbers and your
address, are kept secure and separate from other account information such
as member names, public profiles, and home pages.
Member names and email addresses
are kept at Halsoft for communication purposes. We will not disclose
that information to a third party unless you authorize us to do so. We
also collect other information for internal purposes. For example, we
may keep records in your account history of your complaints about other
members' behavior and any reported violations of our Terms of Service
and/or Community Guidelines. We may also automatically query your computer
to gather information about your modem speed or operating system to
help us improve the product. We may also use zip code information to
provide localized information in certain rooms. We will release specific
information about your account only to comply with valid legal processes
such as search warrants, subpoena, or court order, or in special cases
such as a physical threat to you or others.
We may use information about you or your computer to block access to
our service if you have violated our terms of service.
For example we may selectively block IP addresses or groups of
IP addresses.
We may use information you give us to detect attempts to open accounts
or make payments with fraudulent credit information.
We may use information about your computer to detect attempts to
abuse our free trial subscriptions.
Never give your password to anyone. Never give your billing information
except to facilitate a purchase.
Make your password at least 6 characters in length. Create a password
that includes a combination of numbers and letters. Be sure to use different
passwords for each Member name on your account.
If for some reason someone gets your password, go immediately to
https://reg.vpchat.com/VP/account
and change your password. Also change the passwords for any other Member
names on your account.
Filling in your identity information can be a good way of connecting
with other members of the community, but be aware that this information
is public. It's a good idea to avoid including information that could
allow people to find you offline.
Never download files unless you know what they are and who sent them
to you. Computer viruses and destructive programs that could cause your
computer to divulge personal information are often transferred in cleverly
disguised files.
My Account | Members
| Sign Up | Downloads
| Product Features
| Games | Help
Terms of Service | Privacy
| Copyright Policy
| Contact Us
| About Halsoft
Copyright ©
2020
Halsoft.com Incorporated