http://wallpapers.net/page/privacy-policy
Login
Register
WallpapersUsers
Home
Categories
A - F
3D & Abstract
Animals
Anime
Brands & Logos
Cars & Bikes
Cartoons
Celebrities
F - M
Food & Drink
Games
Girls
Lifestyle
Love & Inspiration
Miscellaneous
Movies & TV
M - Z
Music
Nature
Places
Quotes
Space
Sports
Vectors
Wallpaper of the Month
Mercedes AMG GT R
Popular Wallpapers
Top Downloads
Submit Wallpaper
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
The owners and operators of Wallpapers.net take your online privacy seriously. This document outlines the types of information collected by our servers.
User Accounts
Membership is an optional part of the Wallpapers.net web site. No user account is required in order to browse or download the content we provide. However, creating an account enables extra features such as (but not limited to) the ability to submit content, add comments, etc.
By creating an account, you are volunteering certain information about yourself that will be stored on our servers. This data includes at a minimum a username, password, and a valid email address. Your user profile information is public and may appear on our web site, with the exception of your email address and password.
Personally Identified Data
We strongly discourage users from entering their full name, phone number, physical address, or other sensitive information in user profiles, comments, or other areas of the site. Furthermore, we request that minors and any individuals with limited decision making ability not create an account on this site without the approval and supervision of a guardian.
We make a reasonable attempt to monitor for cases where users post personally identifiable information about other individuals to public portions of the web site and remove the offending material, however it is not our responsibilty to do so.
Server Logs
Like most web sites, Wallpapers.net logs web, database, and other server-software usage and access information. This information may include your internet protocol (IP) address, which in many cases can be translated to an affiliation (such as your work, school, or internet service provider), or a geographical location. We only use this information for debugging purposes and for aggregating into anonymous usage and traffic statistics.
Cookies
While browsing Wallpapers.net, a small number of text files referred to as "cookies" are created on your local file system by your web browser at the request of our servers. These files allow us to personalize the browsing experience for both registered and non-registered users, to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. We use various products and services from third party companies and organizations like Google AdSense or Google Analytics, Facebook, Twitter, G+, widgets or similar products from other organisations that may share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners mentioned above. You are free to delete the cookies at any time, or configure your browser not to create them, however, we do not guarantee that every feature of Wallpapers.net will function as expected without cookies enabled.
Third-Party Advertisers
Wallpapers.net serves ads provided by a range of third-party advertising networks. The practices of our advertising partners are not directly covered by Wallpapers.net's privacy policy. We recommend that you read their policies.
Data Retention
The data submitted to and generated by this web site may be copied to additional machines for redundancy and backup purposes.
Wallpapers.net provides hand picked high quality 4K Ultra HD Desktop & Mobile wallpapers in various resolutions to suit your needs such as Apple iPhones, Macbooks, Windows PCs, Samsung Phones, Google Phones, etc.
Information
About Us
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Copyright Policy
Disclaimer
Compatible Browsers
Top Categories
3D & Abstract
Brands & Logos
Celebrities
Lifestyle
Nature
Movies & TV
Popular Tags
Cute
Beautiful
Love
Sky
Trees
Nature
Useful Links
Create an Account
Sign In
Submit Wallpaper
Advertise
Contact Us
Site Map
© 2018 Wallpapers.net - Like Wallpapers.net on Facebook