http://wdps.co.uk/privacy/
A comprehensive source of data protection guidance, advice and training
Home
Services
Your Business
Testimonials
Links
Contact
Privacy
IntroductionWestbrook Data Protection Services Ltd (“WDPS”) respects your privacy and is committed to ensure that your personal information is used in accordance with data protection legislation.
How we use your personal informationWDPS will only collect and use your personal information which is needed in order for WDPS to provide you with the services which you have requested. WDPS will inform you when it is collecting your personal information and describe the purposes for which your information will be used. In addition, if you agree, WDPS will use your personal information to keep you informed of developments in the law of data protection and to inform you about products or services which we think may be of interest to you. You have the right to unsubscribe from such communications at any time by contacting us.
How long will we keep your information for?WDPS will retain your information for the length of time necessary for us to provide you with the agreed services. Your information will be used solely for the purposes of WDPS providing the agreed services to you and your personal information will not be disclosed to any third parties, unless we are required to do so by law.
SecurityWDPS takes security very seriously and we never share your personal information with third parties unless we are required to do so by law. Access to your personal information within WDPS is only provided to those who strictly need to use it to provide the agreed services or to send you our newsletter if you have subscribed.
Changes to your personal informationIf you would like to inform us of any changes to your personal information, please contact us.
Any QuestionsIf you have any questions regarding this policy, please contact us.
Copyright © 2010 - 2020 Westbrook Data Protection Services Limited. All Rights Reserved.
Contact Us | Privacy Statement