https://web-systems.co.uk/terms-of-service/
0115 927 9064
sales.web-systems@brsintl.com
FREE Consultation
Local Repair Call-Out
In-store PC and Laptop Repairs
PC Health-Check
My Account
0 Items
Terms Of Service
WEB SYSTEMS TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Web Systems (referred to as “we”, “our” and “us”) is the operator of this website. As a user of this website (referred to as “you” and “your”) you acknowledge that your use of this website, including any order you make, is subject to our terms and conditions below.
Please read through these terms and conditions carefully and print a copy for future reference.
We may change these terms and conditions at any time (but not in relation to orders that have been sent to us). Any changes will take effect on the date they are posted onto this website. Your continued use of this website will be subject to the then current terms and conditions.
1. PRIVACY
1.1 You acknowledge and agree to be bound by the terms of our privacy policy
2. THE ORDER PROCESS
2.1 You can only place an order once you have successfully registered an account with us. To register an account you must be at least 18 years of age. Information that you provide while registering an account with us must be complete and accurate. You agree that we may block access to your account if we reasonably believe that the information you have supplied is inaccurate. You must keep your user name and password secret at all times and not allow anyone else to use it. You must contact us immediately if you believe your user name and password has become known to someone else so we may issue you a new user name and password.
2.2 Before you submit an order (by clicking the Submit Order button) you will have an opportunity to identify and correct any input errors in your order.
2.3 After you submit an order we will give you an Order Reference Number and we will give you details of the goods you have ordered. We will send the same details to you in an email to the email address you provided when you registered an account with us.This email will be an acknowledgement of your order and not an acceptance of it.
2.4 We do not file details of your order for you to subsequently access directly from our website. Therefore, please print out your acknowledgement of order for your future reference.
3. THE CONTRACT BETWEEN US
3.1 We must receive payment of the whole of the price for the goods that you order before your order can be accepted. You may only make payment using a credit card or debit card from a UK bank account. Once payment has been received by us we will confirm that your order has been accepted by sending you another email. We may also decline all or part of your order for any reason, in which case our further email will tell you so. Our acceptance of your order brings into existence a legally binding contract between us.
3.2 If you are not a consumer (a consumer is a person not acting in the course of their business), you confirm that you have authority to bind any business on whose behalf you use this website.
4. PRICE
4.1 The price payable for goods that you order are as set out in our website and are in UK pounds. They include any VAT payable.
4.2 You will be required to pay extra for delivery
4.3 The total cost of your order will be the price of the goods you order, plus any applicable delivery charge. All these will be set out clearly in your Shopping Cart before your submit your order.
4.4 Prices, offers and goods are subject to availability and may change before (but not after) we accept your order.
4.5 We try and ensure that at all times the information and prices on our website are accurate and up to date, however, errors can occur. If we discover an error in price or description of a good ordered by you, we will tell you as soon as possible and ask you whether you wish to reconfirm your order at the correct price or cancel it. If we are unable to contact you we will treat your order as cancelled.
5. DELIVERY
5.1 We will deliver the goods ordered by you to the address registered against your account at the time you make your order. Delivery must be to an address in Britain. We cannot deliver to Northern Ireland, the Channel Islands, the Isle of Man, Orkney, Shetland and the Scottish islands. All deliveries must be signed for by someone aged 18 years or over (except for items sent by post and which are small enough to be put through your letterbox). Please make sure you keep the receipt enclosed with your goods.
5.2 Very occasionally different products in the same order will be delivered separately. We will let you know in advance if this is to happen.
5.3 Where in stock, most orders are delivered within 3 working days (i.e. Monday to Friday inclusive, but excluding bank holidays) from the time we accept your order and in any event within 30 days of your order. An estimated delivery time will be given to you in our acknowledgement of order.
5.4 If we cannot deliver the goods ordered within 30-days of your order because they are unavailable we will inform you and re-credit to your account any sum debited by us from your debit or credit card as soon as possible, and in any event within 30 days of our notification to you. We shall not be under any liability to you for our failure to deliver the goods to you within 30-days of your order because they are unavailable or for other reasons beyond our reasonable control.
5.5 You will become the owner of the goods you have ordered when they have been delivered to you. Once the goods have been delivered to you they will be held at your own risk and we will not be liable for their loss or destruction. As such you should ensure you are adequately insured against any damage or loss that may occur to the goods.
6. DELIVERY CHARGES
6.1 Our delivery charges depends on the weight of your order. When you add goods to your Shopping Cart, please select the appropriate delivery charge.
7. MISSING, DAMAGED OR INCORRECT ORDERS
7.1 If the goods we deliver are not what you ordered or are damaged or defective or the delivery is of an incorrect quantity, we shall have no liability to you unless you notify us of the problem by emailing the address noted in clause 8.3.1, or writing to us at the address noted in clause 8.3.2. Therefore, upon receipt of your goods you should inspect your goods to ensure they have not been damaged in transit, and they are what you ordered, and the delivery is of a correct quantity. To assist us, and to minimise any delays, in addressing your problem you should report any problem and obtain a Return of Material Authorisation number (please quote your invoice number when contacting us) within 24 hours of the delivery of the goods in question. Not doing this may lead to delays in addressing your problem.
8. YOUR RIGHT TO CANCEL YOUR CONTRACT
8.1 You may cancel your contract with us for the goods you order at any time up to the end of the seventh working day from the date you receive the ordered goods. You do not need to give us any reason for cancelling your contract nor will you have to pay any penalty.
8.2 You cannot cancel your contract if:
8.2.1 you return the goods without proof of purchase;
8.2.2 the seal has been broken on any software or DVDs; or
8.2.3 the goods were a special order to your specification.
8.3 To cancel your contract you must notify us in writing (to assist us minimise any delays in refunding your money please obtain a Return of Material Authorisation number from us) by:
8.3.1 emailing us at web-systems@brsintl.com; or
8.3.2 writing to us at Web-Systems Limited, Unit 1, Coventry Court, Coventry Road, Bulwell, Nottingham, England NG6 8PR.
8.4 If you have received the goods before you cancel your contract then, unless under clause 8.2 you do not have a right to cancel, you must send the goods back to us at the address noted in clause 8.3.2 at your own cost and risk. You must take reasonable care to see the goods returned to us are not damaged in transit. We therefore recommend that you return the goods to us using Royal Mail’s registered post or using a reputable courier (in each case please ensure the goods are insured to their replacement value). We will not accept liability for goods that are damaged in transit and recommend you ensure the goods are sufficiently packaged to prevent this happening. The goods must be complete and in an ‘as new’ condition. If you have opened the box to examine the goods you must have done so using reasonable care. The goods should be returned with the original accessories and, where possible, the original box and packaging.
8.5 If you cancel your contract, but we have already processed the goods for delivery, you must not unpack the goods when they are received by you and you must send the goods back to us at our contact address noted in clause 8.3.2 at your own cost and risk as soon as possible. Again, you must take reasonable care to see the goods returned to us are not damaged in transit. We therefore recommend that you return the goods to us using Royal Mail’s registered post or using a reputable courier (in each case please ensure the goods are insured to their replacement value). We will not accept liability for goods that are damaged in transit and recommend you ensure the goods are sufficiently packaged to prevent this happening.
8.6 Once you have notified us that you are cancelling your contract, any sum debited by us from your debit or credit card will be re-credited to your account as soon as possible and in any event within 30 days of your cancellation. If you do not return the goods delivered to you or do not pay the costs of delivery, we shall be entitled to deduct the direct costs of recovering the goods from the amount to be re-credited to you.
9. RETURN OF FAULTY GOODS
9.1 In the unlikely event of a fault with your goods please contact our support staff:
9.1.1 by phoning: 0845 009 0040; or
9.1.2 by emailing: web-systems@brsintl.com.
9.2 Our support staff will discuss the alleged fault with you. If your goods need to be returned to us, our support staff will give you a Return of Material Authorisation number which you should clearly mark on the outside of the return package. Please also enclose with the return package a written description of the alleged fault in the goods. The return to us of the allegedly faulty goods will be at your own cost and risk. We therefore recommend that you return the goods to us using Royal Mail’s registered post or using a reputable courier (in each case please ensure the goods are insured to their replacement value). We will not accept liability for goods that are damaged in transit and recommend you ensure the goods are sufficiently packaged to prevent this happening. When returning the goods to us please do not use a premium courier service (e.g., sameday delivery) because we will only refund to you your reasonable direct costs of delivering the goods to us if the fault is verified.
9.3 Upon receipt of the allegedly faulty goods, they will be extensively tested for the reported fault. If after testing we verify the fault (or you have the fault verified by an independent expert) we will refund the reasonable direct costs of delivering the faulty goods to us and we will offer you either a refund, repair or exchange as is reasonable in your specific circumstances.
9.4 However, if we cannot verify the fault (or you cannot have the fault verified by an independent expert) or we prove the goods are not faulty, the returned goods will be returned to you. You will be responsible for the cost of postage and packaging for the return of the goods to you in such circumstances. We reserve the right to charge you a £15 fee for our time in diagnosing a purported fault where we can show you that the goods are not faulty.
9.5 To qualify for a refund or exchange of the goods:
9.5.1 you must give us proof of purchase (e.g., a receipt, cheque stub or credit or debit card receipt); and
9.5.2 the goods must otherwise be in an ‘as new’ condition and complete with any original accessories (and, if possible, the original box and packaging).
9.6 Please return the goods to us at the address noted in clause 8.3.2.
9.7 We will not repair, exchange or refund goods whose fault was caused by you through accident, neglect, misuse or normal wear and tear.
10. LIABILITY
10.1 If you or we notify a problem under clauses 5.4, 7.1 or 9, we will, at your option:
10.1.1 make good any shortage or non-delivery;
10.1.2 replace or repair any goods that are damaged or defective; or
10.1.3 refund to you the amount paid by you for the goods in question.
10.2 We will not be liable under our contract with you for any loss, damage or expense you suffer as a result of us breaking any of our obligations if the loss, damage or expense is not a foreseeable consequence of us breaking our obligation. Loss, damage or expense is foreseeable where they could be contemplated by you and us at the time our contract with you is concluded. We are not responsible for indirect or consequential losses which happen as a side effect of the main loss or damage and which are not foreseeable by you and us.
10.3 You must observe and comply with all applicable regulations and legislation, including obtaining all necessary customs, import or other permits to purchase goods from our site. The importation or exportation of certain of our goods to you may be prohibited by certain national laws. We make no representation and accept no liability in respect of the export or import of the goods you purchase.
10.4 Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in these terms and conditions is intended to limit any rights you might have as a consumer under English law or other statutory rights that may not be excluded nor in any way to exclude or limit our liability to you for any death or personal injury caused by our negligence.
10.5 We will take reasonable precautions to keep the details of your order and payment secure, but, unless we are negligent, we cannot be held liable for any losses caused as a result of unauthorised access to information provided by you.
11. ADDITIONAL TERMS
11.1 Additional terms and conditions may apply for our offers. If so, you will be advised of them at the relevant point.
12. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
12.1 We, or our licensors, own the copyright, trademarks and all other intellectual property rights in all material and content of this website, which you may use, download and copy for your own personal, non-commercial use. Any other use or reproduction of the material or content is strictly prohibited.
12.2 You may not create any link to this website without our prior written consent, nor may you restrict or inhibit the use or enjoyment of it any one else.
13. AVAILABILITY OF THIS WEBSITE
13.1 We make no warranty or promise that this website will remain available for your use, or that its use will always be free from viruses or bugs or any errors. We will not be liable to you for any loss of content or material you upload or transmit through this website.
14. THIRD PARTY WEBSITES
14.1 We may provide links to other websites for your convenience. Any other websites to which you link from this site are governed by their own terms and conditions. We accept no responsibility or liability for the content or operation of websites which are not under our control and do not endorse them.
15. NOTICES
15.1 Unless otherwise expressly stated in these terms and conditions, all notices from you to us must be in writing and sent to our contact address noted in clause 8.3.2 or by email to web-systems@brsintl.com and all notices from us to you will be emailed to you at the email address you provided us when you registered an account with us.
16. INVALIDITY
16.1 If any part of these terms and conditions is unenforceable (including any provision in which we exclude our liability to you) the enforceability of any other part of these conditions will not be affected.
17. ASSIGNMENT
17.1 You may not assign or sub-contract any of your rights or obligations under these terms and conditions or any related order for goods to any third party unless agreed upon in writing by us.
17.2 We reserve the right to transfer, assign, novate or sub-contract the benefit of the whole or part of any of our rights or obligations under these terms and conditions or any related contract to a third party.
18. THIRD PARTY RIGHTS
18.1 Except for our affiliates, directors, employees or representatives, a person who is not a party to this agreement has no right under the UK Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to enforce any term of this agreement but this does not affect any right or remedy of a third party that exists or is available apart from that Act.
19. GOVERNING LAW
19.1 The contract between us shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with English law and the English courts shall have exclusive jurisdiction (except where we deliver to Scotland, in which case the Scottish courts may also have jurisdiction) to resolve any disputes between us. English is the language offered for the conclusion of the contract between you and us.
20. ENTIRE AGREEMENT
20.1 We intend to rely on the written terms set out in these terms and conditions, together with our current website prices, delivery details, contact details and privacy policy. If you require any changes, please make sure you ask for these to be put in writing. In that way we can avoid any problems about what we and you are expected to do.
21. WHO WE ARE
21.1 This site is operated by, and any contract for the sale of goods will be with, Web Systems (UK) Limited (company number: 04358983) whose registered office is at Unit 1, Coventry Road, Bulwell, Nottinghamshire NG9 8PR. Our VAT number is: 803-9751-22.
Visit our shop
Unit 1, Coventry Court, Coventry Road, Bulwell, Nottingham NG6 8PR
0115 927 9064
sales.web-systems@brsintl.com
Monday: 09:30 – 17:00
Tuesday: 09:30 – 17:00
Wednesday: 09:30 – 15:00
Thursday: 09:30 – 18:00
Friday: 09:30 – 17:00
Saturday: 10:00 – 16:00
Sunday: Closed
Instagram
Follow
Facebook
Follow
This website uses cookies.
We use Google Analytics so we can assess how our website is being used so we can make improvements for a better user experience.
We also use cookies that aid in logging into you account with us to purchase new products. If you buy from us then we also use cookies when you set up your new account. This is to make things easier for you the next time you log in to purchase an item.
We also use newsletter cookies for our subscribers.
Necessary
Analytics
Other
Privacy Preferences
I Agree