https://web-systems.co.uk/delivery-policy/
0115 927 9064
sales.web-systems@brsintl.com
FREE Consultation
Local Repair Call-Out
In-store PC and Laptop Repairs
PC Health-Check
My Account
0 Items
Delivery Policy
WEB SYSTEMS DELIVERYPOLICY
General Information
All orders are subject to product availability. If an item is not in stock at the time you place your order we will notify you as the item may be on back order. If we are unable to get the ordered item or offer an equivalent alternate item, we will refund you the total amount of your order using the original method of payment.
Delivery Location
Web-Systems now offer international shipping at additional costs.
Shipping costs listed are for addresses in United Kingdom only.
Delivery Time
An estimated delivery time will be provided to you once your order is placed. Delivery times are estimates and commence from the date of shipping, rather than the date of order. Delivery times are to be used as a guide only and are subject to the acceptance and approval of your order.
Unless there are exceptional circumstances, we make every effort to fulfil your order within 5 business days of the date of your order. Business day mean Monday to Friday, except holidays.
Please note we do not ship on Sundays.
Date of delivery may vary due to carrier shipping practices, delivery location, method of delivery, and the items ordered. Products may also be delivered in separate shipments.
Delivery Instructions
You can provide special delivery instructions on the check-out page of our website in the order notes field.
Shipping Costs
Shipping costs are based on the weight of your order, delivery method and Geographical location. To find out how much your order will cost to ship to the mainland UK, simply add the items you would like to purchase to your cart, and proceed to the checkout page. Once at the checkout screen, shipping charges and methods will be displayed accordingly.
Additional shipping charges may apply to remote areas or for large or heavy items. You will be advised of any charges on the checkout page.
Damaged Items in Transport
If there is any damage to the packaging on delivery, contact us immediately at 0115 964 9064 or sales.web-systems@brsintl.com
Questions
If you have any questions about the delivery and shipment or your order, please contact us at ADDRESS: Unit 1, Coventry Court, Coventry Road, Bulwell, Nottingham NG6 8PR, PHONE: 0115 927 9064, EMAIL: sales.web-systems@brsintl.com
Visit our shop
Unit 1, Coventry Court, Coventry Road, Bulwell, Nottingham NG6 8PR
0115 927 9064
sales.web-systems@brsintl.com
Monday: 09:30 – 17:00
Tuesday: 09:30 – 17:00
Wednesday: 09:30 – 15:00
Thursday: 09:30 – 18:00
Friday: 09:30 – 17:00
Saturday: 10:00 – 16:00
Sunday: Closed
Instagram
Follow
Facebook
Follow
This website uses cookies.
We use Google Analytics so we can assess how our website is being used so we can make improvements for a better user experience.
We also use cookies that aid in logging into you account with us to purchase new products. If you buy from us then we also use cookies when you set up your new account. This is to make things easier for you the next time you log in to purchase an item.
We also use newsletter cookies for our subscribers.
Necessary
Analytics
Other
Privacy Preferences
I Agree