https://web-systems.co.uk/privacy-policy/
0115 927 9064
sales.web-systems@brsintl.com
FREE Consultation
Local Repair Call-Out
In-store PC and Laptop Repairs
PC Health-Check
My Account
0 Items
Privacy Policy
WEB SYSTEMS PRIVACY POLICY
Web Systems (registered number: 6264121) whose registered office is at Unit 1, Coventry Road, Bulwell, Nottinghamshire NG9 8PR (“us” “we” “our”) is committed to preserving the privacy of all visitors to www.web-systems.co.uk (“Website”). Please read the following privacy policy to understand how we use and protect the information that you provide to us.
By registering an account on this Website, placing an order through it or emailing us through it, you consent to the collection, use and transfer of your information under the terms of this policy.
INFORMATION THAT WE COLLECT FROM YOU
When you visit or register an account or order goods on the Website you may be asked to provide certain information about yourself including your name, contact details (including email address), delivery address and debit or credit card information. We may also collect information about your usage of our Website as well as information about you from e-mails or letters you send to us.
USE OF YOUR INFORMATION
Your information will enable us to provide you with access to all parts of our Website and to supply the goods you have requested. We will also use and analyse the information we collect so that we can administer, support, improve and develop our business.
In particular, we may use your information to contact you for your views on our services and to notify you occasionally about important changes or developments to the Website or our services. Further, where you have consented, we might also use your information to let you know about other products and services which we offer which may be of interest to you and we may contact you by post, telephone or fax, as well as by e-mail. If you change your mind about being contacted in the future, please let us know.
DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
The information you provide to us will be held on our computers in the UK and may be accessed by or given to third parties who act for us for the purposes set out in this policy or for other purposes approved by you. Those parties process information, fulfil and deliver orders, process credit and debit card payments and provide support services on our behalf. In particular your personal information will be sent to our preferred courier for the delivery of ordered goods to you, for processing your credit or debit card payment. We may also pass aggregate information on the usage of our Website to third parties but this will not include information that can be used to identify you.
We do not sell your personal information to third parties.
Finally, if our business enters into a joint venture with or is sold to or merged with another business entity, your information may be disclosed to our new business partners or owners.
Countries outside the European Economic Area do not always have strong data protection laws. However, we will always take steps to ensure that your information is used by third parties in accordance with this policy.
Unless required to do so by law, we will not otherwise share, sell or distribute any of the information you provide to us without your consent.
COOKIES
Cookies are small amounts of information which we store on your computer. Our system will issue cookies to your computer when you log on to the Website to place an order for goods. Cookies allow us to monitor Website traffic, personalise the content of the Website for you and identify you with your Shopping Cart. You may set up your computer to reject cookies but although, in that case, you will not be able to place orders for goods on our Website. If you do not wish to receive cookies in the future, please follow the instructions for your specific browser by looking in its “help” menu.
SECURITY AND DATA RETENTION
We employ security measures to protect your information from access by unauthorised persons and against unlawful processing, accidental loss, destruction and damage. In particular all personal information is held behind a firewall on a secure server to which only a limited number of people will have access. We will retain your information for a reasonable period or as long as the law requires.
ACCESSING AND UPDATING
You are entitled to see the information held about you and you may ask us to make any necessary changes to ensure that it is accurate and kept up to date. If you wish to do this, please contact us. We are entitled by law to charge a fee of £10 to meet our costs in providing you with details of the information we hold about you.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
Any changes to our privacy policy in the future will be posted to the Website and, where appropriate, through e-mail notification.
CONTACT
All comments, queries and requests relating to our use of your information are welcomed. Contact us at web-systems@brsintl.com
Visit our shop
Unit 1, Coventry Court, Coventry Road, Bulwell, Nottingham NG6 8PR
0115 927 9064
sales.web-systems@brsintl.com
Monday: 09:30 – 17:00
Tuesday: 09:30 – 17:00
Wednesday: 09:30 – 15:00
Thursday: 09:30 – 18:00
Friday: 09:30 – 17:00
Saturday: 10:00 – 16:00
Sunday: Closed
Instagram
Follow
Facebook
Follow
This website uses cookies.
We use Google Analytics so we can assess how our website is being used so we can make improvements for a better user experience.
We also use cookies that aid in logging into you account with us to purchase new products. If you buy from us then we also use cookies when you set up your new account. This is to make things easier for you the next time you log in to purchase an item.
We also use newsletter cookies for our subscribers.
Necessary
Analytics
Other
Privacy Preferences
I Agree