https://web.archive.org/web/20130929110039/http://help.yahoo.com/kb/index?locale=en_US&y=PROD_MAIL_CLASSIC&page=content&id=SLN8519
Messenger Help |
- SLN8519 - Do I have to switch to the new Yahoo Mail?
success
fail
Jun
SEP
Oct
29
2012
2013
2015
35 captures
24 Apr 2013 - 17 Dec 2019
About this capture
COLLECTED BY
Organization: Internet Archive
The Internet Archive discovers and captures web pages through many different web crawls.
At any given time several distinct crawls are running, some for months, and some every day or longer.
View the web archive through the Wayback Machine.
Collection: Survey Crawl Number 0 - Started May 18th, 2013 - Ended May 15, 2014
The seed for this crawl was a list of every host in the Wayback Machine
This crawl was run at a level 1 (URLs including their embeds, plus the URLs of all outbound links including their embeds)
The WARC files associated with this crawl are not currently available to the general public.
TIMESTAMPS
Home Mail News Sports Finance Weather Games Groups Answers Screen Flickr More
omg! Shine Movies Music TV Health Shopping Travel Autos Homes Mobile
Yahoo Help
Search Help Search Web
Sign In
Mail
Help
Account Info Help
Suggestions
Yahoo
Search Help
Yahoo Messenger
»
Messenger Help
» Article
Do I have to switch to the new Yahoo Mail?
You can only access your Yahoo Mail
if you switch to the new version,
because older versions of Yahoo Mail (including Mail
Classic) have been discontinued. You should have received an email from
Yahoo letting you know if your account required a
change. See how to switch to the latest version of Yahoo Mail.
Available options
When you sign in to Yahoo Mail, you will be presented with these choices:
Use full featured mail: This switches you to the new Yahoo Mail, with access to all of its features.
Use basic mail: This switches you to a simplified version of Yahoo Mail that doesn’t include some features. Basic mail is the only version of mail that is available under certain circumstances. Learn more about basic mail.
Terms of Service and Privacy Policy
When you upgrade, you will be accepting our Communications Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. This includes the acceptance of automated content scanning and analyzing of your communications content, which Yahoo uses to deliver product features, relevant advertising, and abuse protection.
If you prefer to opt out of interest-based and contextual-based advertising resulting from your scanned and analyzed communications content, you can change your settings at any time using our Ad Interest Manager. This opt-out does not turn off the presentation of other types of advertising.
Other Options
If you don’t want to use the new Yahoo Mail, you may consider these other options:
Download your Yahoo Mail using IMAP: IMAP allows you to access your email from a different email program, such as Outlook, Mac Mail, or your mobile device’s application. You can download your data to your personal computer or device using an IMAP program. However, in order to continue using Yahoo Mail you will need to accept the Communications Terms of Service. See instructions for accessing Yahoo Mail using IMAP.
Close your account: Learn how to close your account.
Mail Plus accounts
Mail Plus features work great in the new version of Yahoo Mail. However, if you would like to cancel your Mail Plus subscription, you are eligible for a prorated refund for the unused portion of the service. See our refund policy and cancellation instructions.
Was this article helpful?
Yes
No
Last updated: August 02, 2013
Thank you!
Please complete the form to submit your rating/feedback.
Unclear or complicated information
Incorrect information
Article not addressing my issue
Article too long
Other
Send Feedback
Copyright © 2013 Yahoo All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy | Terms of Service
| Suggestions