https://web-systems.co.uk/refund-policy/
0115 927 9064
sales.web-systems@brsintl.com
FREE Consultation
Local Repair Call-Out
In-store PC and Laptop Repairs
PC Health-Check
My Account
0 Items
Refund Policy
WEB SYSTEMS REFUND POLICY
Returns
Our policy lasts 21 days. If 21 days have gone by since your purchase, unfortunately we can’t offer you a refund or exchange.
To be eligible for a return, your item must be unused and in the same condition that you received it. It must also be in the original packaging.
Non-returnable items:
Downloadable software products
To complete your return, we require a receipt or proof of purchase.
Please do not send your purchase back to the manufacturer.
There are certain situations where only partial refunds are granted (if applicable) CD, DVD, software, video game that has been opened
Any item not in its original condition, is damaged or missing parts for reasons not due to our error
Any item that is returned more than 30 days after delivery
Refunds (if applicable)
Once your return is received and inspected, we will send you an email to notify you that we have received your returned item. We will also notify you of the approval or rejection of your refund.
If you are approved, then your refund will be processed, and a credit will automatically be applied to your credit card or original method of payment, within a certain amount of days.
Late or missing refunds (if applicable)
If you haven’t received a refund yet, first check your bank account again.
Then contact your credit card company, it may take some time before your refund is officially posted.
Next contact your bank. There is often some processing time before a refund is posted.
If you’ve done all of this and you still have not received your refund yet, please contact us at web-systems@brsintl.com.
Sale items (if applicable)
Only regular priced items may be refunded, unfortunately sale items cannot be refunded.
Exchanges (if applicable)
We only replace items if they are defective or damaged. If you need to exchange it for the same item, send us an email at web-systems@brsintl.com and send your item to: Web Systems, Coventry Court, Coventry Road, Nottingham NG6 8PR.
Shipping
To return your product, you should mail your product to: Web Systems, Coventry Court, Coventry Road, Nottingham NG6 8PR.
You will be responsible for paying for your own shipping costs for returning your item. Shipping costs are non-refundable. If you receive a refund, the cost of return shipping will be deducted from your refund.
Depending on where you live, the time it may take for your exchanged product to reach you, may vary.
If you are shipping an item over £50, you should consider using a trackable shipping service or purchasing shipping insurance. We don’t guarantee that we will receive your returned item.
Visit our shop
Unit 1, Coventry Court, Coventry Road, Bulwell, Nottingham NG6 8PR
0115 927 9064
sales.web-systems@brsintl.com
Monday: 09:30 – 17:00
Tuesday: 09:30 – 17:00
Wednesday: 09:30 – 15:00
Thursday: 09:30 – 18:00
Friday: 09:30 – 17:00
Saturday: 10:00 – 16:00
Sunday: Closed
Instagram
Follow
Facebook
Follow
This website uses cookies.
We use Google Analytics so we can assess how our website is being used so we can make improvements for a better user experience.
We also use cookies that aid in logging into you account with us to purchase new products. If you buy from us then we also use cookies when you set up your new account. This is to make things easier for you the next time you log in to purchase an item.
We also use newsletter cookies for our subscribers.
Necessary
Analytics
Other
Privacy Preferences
I Agree