https://web.archive.org/web/20090415233503/http://www.nytimes.com/2008/03/10/technology/10privacy.html
success
fail
Feb
APR
Jan
15
2008
2009
2010
99 captures
11 Mar 2008 - 26 Nov 2020
About this capture
COLLECTED BY
Organization: Alexa Crawls
Starting in 1996, Alexa Internet has been donating their crawl data to the Internet Archive.
Flowing in every day, these data are added to the Wayback Machine after an embargo period.
Collection: Alexa Crawls
Starting in 1996, Alexa Internet has been donating their crawl data to the Internet Archive.
Flowing in every day, these data are added to the Wayback Machine after an embargo period.
TIMESTAMPS
Skip to article
Get Home Delivery
Log In
Register Now
Home Page
My Times
Today's Paper
Video
Most Popular
Times Topics
Technology
All NYT
Technology
World
U.S.
N.Y. / Region
Business
Technology
Science
Health
Sports
Opinion
Arts
Style
Travel
Jobs
Real Estate
Autos
Search Tech News & 8,000+ Products
Browse Products
-- Select a Product Category --
Camcorders
Cameras
Cellphones
Computers
Handhelds
Home Video
Music
Peripherals
Wi-Fi
Personal Tech »
Cellphones, Cameras, Computers and more.
To Aim Ads, Web Is Keeping Closer Eye on You
Sign In to E-Mail or Save This
Print
Single Page
Reprints
By LOUISE STORY
Published: March 10, 2008
A famous New Yorker cartoon from 1993 showed two dogs at a computer, with one saying to the other, “On the Internet, nobody knows you’re a dog.”
Skip to next paragraph
Multimedia
Graphic
They Know More Than You Think
Graphic
Data Collection Points
Related
Bits: How Do They Track You? Let Us Count the Ways
Bits:
AOL Brings Out the Penguins to Explain Ad Targeting
That may no longer be true.A new analysis of online consumer data shows that large Web companies are learning more about people than ever from what they search for and do on the Internet, gathering clues about the tastes and preferences of a typical user several hundred times a month.These companies use that information to predict what content and advertisements people most likely want to see. They can charge steep prices for carefully tailored ads because of their high response rates.The analysis, conducted for The New York Times by the research firm comScore, provides what advertising executives say is the first broad estimate of the amount of consumer data that is transmitted to Internet companies.Privacy advocates have previously sounded alarms about the practices of Internet companies and provided vague estimates about the volume of data they collect, but they did not give comprehensive figures.The Web companies are, in effect, taking the trail of crumbs people leave behind as they move around the Internet, and then analyzing them to anticipate people’s next steps. So anybody who searches for information on such disparate topics as iron supplements, airlines, hotels and soft drinks may see ads for those products and services later on.Consumers have not complained to any great extent about data collection online. But privacy experts say that is because the collection is invisible to them. Unlike Facebook’s Beacon program, which stirred controversy last year when it broadcast its members’ purchases to their online friends, most companies do not flash a notice on the screen when they collect data about visitors to their sites. “When you start to get into the details, it’s scarier than you might suspect,” said Marc Rotenberg, executive director of the Electronic Privacy Information Center, a privacy rights group. “We’re recording preferences, hopes, worries and fears.”But executives from the largest Web companies say that privacy fears are misplaced, and that they have policies in place to protect consumers’ names and other personal information from advertisers. Moreover, they say, the data is a boon to consumers, because it makes the ads they see more relevant.These companies often connect consumer data to unique codes identifying their computers, rather than their names.“What is targeting in the long term?” said Michael Galgon, Microsoft’s chief advertising strategist. “You’re getting content about things and messaging about things that are spot-on to who you are.”The rich troves of data at the fingertips of the biggest Internet companies are also creating a new kind of digital divide within the industry. Traditional media companies, which collect far less data about visitors to their sites, are increasingly at a disadvantage when they compete for ad dollars.The major television networks and magazine and newspaper companies “aren’t even in the same league,” said Linda Abraham, an executive vice president at comScore. “They can’t really play in this sandbox.”During the Internet’s short life, most people have used a yardstick from traditional media to measure success: audience size. Like magazines and newspapers, Web sites are most often ranked based on how many people visit them and how long they are there.But on the Internet, advertisers are increasingly choosing where to place their ads based on how much sites know about Web surfers. ComScore’s analysis is a novel attempt to estimate how many times major Web companies can collect data about their users in a given month.Web companies once could monitor the actions of consumers only on their own sites. But over the last couple of years, the Internet giants have spread their reach by acting as intermediaries that place ads on thousands of Web sites, and now can follow people’s activities on far more sites.Large Web companies like Microsoft and Yahoo have also acquired a number of companies in the last year that have rich consumer data.“So many of the deals are really about data,” said David Verklin, chief executive of Carat Americas, an ad agency in the Aegis Group that decides where to place ads for clients. 1
2 Next Page »
More Articles in
Technology »
Click here to enjoy the convenience of home delivery of The Times for less than $1 a day.
Tips
To find reference information about the words used in this article, double-click on any word, phrase or name. A new window will open with a dictionary definition or encyclopedia entry.
Related Articles
FROM THE NEW YORK TIMES
Past CoverageBreach of MTV Computer Files (March 8, 2008)After Stumbling, Facebook Finds a Working Eraser (February 18, 2008)Quitting Facebook Gets Easier (February 13, 2008)How Sticky Is Membership on Facebook? Just Try Breaking Free (February 11, 2008)
More Articles in
Technology »
Latest Technology Headlines
MOST POPULAR - TECHNOLOGY
E-Mailed
Blogged
Putting Twitter’s World to Use
EBay Plans Public Offering for Skype
‘Hyperlocal’ Web Sites Deliver News Without Newspapers
Yahoo Is Said to Plan More Layoffs
Gadgetwise: Nikon Hits the Sweet Spot With New D5000
Basics: How to Cut the Beastly Cost of Digital Services
Gadgetwise: How to Silence Noisy Facebook Friends
Intel Says PC Sales Have Reached a Bottom and Forecasts Moderate Growth
Bits: When Cloud Computing Doesn’t Make Sense
Gadgetwise: Mac Security Part II: It’s a Numbers Game
Go to Complete List »
Skype Founders Seek to Buy Service Back From EBay
'Hyperlocal' Web Sites Deliver News Without Newspapers
Finding Utility in the Jumble of Twittered Thoughts
Taiwanese Firm Sues Apple Over Touch-Screen Technology
Yahoo Is Said to Plan More Layoffs
Amazon Says an Error Scrambled Its Book Listings
Yelp Will Let Businesses Respond to Web Reviews
France Rejects Plan to Curb Internet Piracy
Playing Cat and Mouse With Online Pirates
Yahoo and Microsoft Said to Be Weighing Ad Pact
Go to Complete List »
nytimes.com/autos
The 2009 New York Auto Show
Also in Autos:
BMW Z4 - it's macho, without the men
Slide show: 2010 Volkswagen Golf
Slide show: 2010 Acura ZDX
Advertisements
Get Times Reader Free. A Digital Newspaper That Reads Like The Real Thing.
Some promise you the world. We deliver. Subscribe today to The Times.
Inside NYTimes.com
N.Y. / Region »
Sizing Up a Fantasyland That Could Lose Its Name
Books »
One Family’s Adventure in Fighting Autism
Opinion »
Room for Debate: South Asia’s Taliban Problem
What are the implications for India and the surrounding region?
World »
Coral Transplant Surgery for Japan
Opinion »
Op-Ed: Big Profits, Big Questions
Dining & Wine »
They Do the Work, You Reap the Yogurt
Great Homes »
For Sale In... Sweden
Books »
Manifesto of a Comic-Book Rebel
Dining & Wine »
But Surely They’re Homemade?
Opinion »
The Wild Side: Who Put the Lag in Jet Lag?
Leon Kreitzman, a guest columnist, on what causes jet lag and what might cure it.
Business »
Insurance Lags With Cancer Care in a Pill
Opinion »
Letters: Health Care for All, a Moral Obligation
Home
World
U.S.
N.Y. / Region
Business
Technology
Science
Health
Sports
Opinion
Arts
Style
Travel
Jobs
Real Estate
Automobiles
Back to Top
Copyright 2008
The New York Times Company
Privacy Policy
Search
Corrections
RSS
First Look
Help
Contact Us
Work for Us
Site Map