https://webdesignireland.ie/website-privacy-statement
WHY CHOOSE US?
CASE STUDIES
DEV DIARY
LOCATION
PRIVACY
LEGAL
CUSTOMER LOGIN
WEB SITE DESIGN AND DEVELOPMENT
WEB BASED APPLICATIONS
BUSINESS SOLUTIONS & PRODUCTS
SERVICES & TECHNICAL SUPPORT
01 5611917
PRIVACY
1. Introduction
We respect your right to privacy and comply with our obligations under the Irish Data Protection Act and The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) (EU) 2016/679.The purpose of this Web Site Privacy Statement is to outline how we deal with any personal data you provide to us while visiting this web site. Any external links to other web sites are clearly identifiable as such, and we are not responsible for the content or the privacy policies of these other web sites.
2. Types of Information Collected
We retain two types of information:
Personal Data This is data that identifies you or can be used to identify, contact you or process services on your behalf and may include your name, address, email address, user IP addresses in circumstances where they have not been deleted, clipped or anonymised, telephone number, and billing information. Such information is only collected from you if you voluntarily submit it to us or have authorised us to obtain it.
Non-Personal DataLike most web sites,  statistical and other analytical information is collected on an aggregate basis of all visitors to our web site. This Non-Personal Data comprises information that cannot be used to identify or contact you, such as demographic information regarding, for example, user IP addresses where they have been clipped or anonymised, browser types and other anonymous statistical data involving the use of our web site.
3. Purposes for which we hold your Information
Non-Personal Data We use the Non-Personal Data gathered from visitors to our web site in an aggregate form to get a better understanding of where our visitors come from and to help us better design and organise our web site.
- Session CookiesThis web site uses "cookie" technology. A cookie is a small text file stored by the browser on your computer, at the request of our server.  Session Cookies are used on our website to ensure that your session is maintained when you move from page to page of our site so that any choices that you have made are remembered (in the case of a shopping cart, for example products that you have added there are maintained for you until you are finished). No personal information is recorded in the session cookie, and the cookie is automatically deleted when you close your browser. You are always free to decline our cookies, if your browser permits, or to ask your browser to indicate when a cookie is being set. You can also delete cookie files from your computer at your discretion. Note that if you decline our session cookies or ask for notification each time a cookie is being set, this may affect your ease of use of this web site.
- Analytics CookiesWe use the Google Analytics service to help us understand better where our visitors come from and how they navigate our website. We have configured our Google Analytics script so that your IP address information is anonymised to protect your privacy incompliance with GDPR requirements.
Personal Data We will process any Personal Data you provide to us for the following purposes:- to provide you with the services you have ordered; to contact you if required in connection with your service order or to respond to any communications you might send to us.
4. Disclosure of Information to Third Parties
We may provide Non-Personal Data to third parties, where such information is combined with similar information of other users of our web site. For example, we might inform third parties regarding the number of unique users who visit our web site, the demographic breakdown of our community users of our web site, or the activities that visitors to our web site engage in while on our web site. The third parties to whom we may provide this information may include potential or actual advertisers, providers of advertising services, commercial partners, sponsors, licensees, researchers and other similar parties.
We will not disclose your Personal Data to third parties unless you have consented to this disclosure or unless the third party is required to fulfil your service order (e.g. hosting service providers; in such circumstances, the third party is bound by similar data protection requirements. We will disclose your Personal Data if we believe in good faith that we are required to disclose it in order to comply with any applicable law, a summons, a search warrant, a court or regulatory order, or other statutory requirement.
5. Sale of Business
We reserve the right to transfer information (including your Personal Data) to a third party in the event of a sale, merger, liquidation, receivership or transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of our company provided that the third party agrees to adhere to the terms of the Privacy Policy in place and provided that the third party only uses your Personal Data for the purposes that you provided it to us. You will be notified in the event of any such transfer.
6. Security
Your Personal Data is held on secured servers hosted by our trusted vendors or/and on secured computers at our premises. Be aware that no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure or private. However, we will take all reasonable steps (including appropriate technical and organisational measures) to protect your Personal Data.
7. Updating, Verifying and Deleting Personal Data
You may inform us of any changes in your Personal Data, and in accordance with our obligations under the Irish Data Protection Act and The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) (EU) 2016/679. with regard to the Processing of Personal Data, and any implementing and/or amending legislation as may be adopted in Ireland from time to time, we will update or delete your Personal Data accordingly. To find out what Personal Data we hold on you or to have your Personal Data updated, amended or removed from our database, please contact us at mailbox@webdesignireland in the first instance. Any such data subject requests will be subject to identity verification checks and when authenticated may also be subject to a nominal search and admin fee where the request is deemed excessive.
Synergy Centre TU Dublin
Tallaght Campus, D24 A386
Our building remains closed to the public for now.
While it is not advisable yet to meet face-to-face,  please call us first by phone after which we can organise a secure video meeting with your team to discuss your project further.  CALL: 01 5611917
01 5611917
COVID-19 Online Trading Grants Available via LEO & EI
© VOSOFT /WDI a trusted Irish Brand providing online retail shopping cart websites to promote Shop local in Ireland, and driving the Buy Irish trend.
Ask a Question
Your Question
Name
Phone or Email