http://webopedia.com/TERM/C/california-consumer-privacy-act.html
Search
MAIN
BROWSE TERMS
DID YOU KNOW?
REFERENCE
ALL CATEGORIES
STUDY GUIDES
IT CERTIFICATIONS
SPONSORED
RSS
Main » TERM » C »
California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) Definition & Meaning
By Jenna Phipps
Related Terms
Data Privacy Definition & Meaning
Data Protection Definition & Meaning
Pretty Good Privacy
WEP - Wired Equivalent Privacy
Data Controller Definition & Meaning
Data Lake Definition & Meaning
Social Security Number Definition & Meaning
privacy statement
DLP – data loss prevention
PCI Compliance Definition & Meaning
The CCPA is the California Consumer Privacy Act, a data privacy law introduced in 2018 and enacted in 2020. It protects some of Californians' personal information and their rights to maintain some control over that information. The CCPA covers all California residents, which means that any businesses that are covered by the law and have customers in California must comply with it, even if the business is in another state or continent. All for-profit companies with gross revenue of $25 million are bound by the CCPA, as well as businesses with personal information on 50,000 customers.
CCPA requirements
The rights that the CCPA gives California residents are:
The right to know: businesses must provide information for customers explaining what data is collected and how that data is used, including which third parties received the data.
The right to delete: customers can request that certain information be deleted from a business's database. They can also request that inaccurate information be deleted or corrected.
The right to opt out: every business website should have a clearly defined button for customers to select "Do Not Sell My Personal Information" if they don't want that business to sell their information. Customers can also learn whether a business is selling their information by submitting a request for that information.
A notice at collection: consumers have a right to receive a notice when and why their information is collected. The notice at collection must also have a Do Not Sell link if the customer's data will be sold to third parties so that the customer has the option of preventing the business from selling their information.
These regulations do have some exceptions, and only certain businesses are required to comply with them. For example, nonprofit organizations are not bound by CCPA, and neither are certain credit reporting agencies. California residents are also limited in the legal actions they can take when businesses don't meet CCPA regulations. They may only sue in certain cases of data breach. The California attorney general can take action against a business that has run afoul of the law, but the California government website states that the attorney general does not directly represent residents or their complaints against businesses.
The CCPA - and businesses' scramble to comply with its strictures - have highlighted the proliferation of personal data sales. While businesses rely on huge amounts of customer information to market products and manage customer relationships, privacy regulations remind consumers and businesses alike that using others' data is a privilege, not a right. The California Privacy Rights Act (CPRA), part of the November 2020 ballot, would amend and strengthen the CCPA and give businesses around twelve to eighteen months to put it into place.
PREVIOUScalibrateNEXTcaliper
Related Links
California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA)
How to Comply with CCPA
CCPA won’t be enough to fix tech’s data entitlement problem
The State of California’s Data Privacy Law Remains in Flux
California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA): What you need to know to be compliant
WEBOPEDIA NEWS
Stay up to date on the latest developments in Internet terminology with a free newsletter from Webopedia. Join to subscribe now.
LATEST ARTICLES
Texting & Chat Abbreviations
From A3 to ZZZ we list 1,559 text message and online chat abbreviations to help you translate and understand today's texting lingo. Includes Top...
Read More »
Huge List of Computer Certifications
Have you heard about a computer certification program but can't figure out if it's right for you? Use this handy list to help you decide.
Read More »
STUDY GUIDES
Computer Architecture Study Guide
Computer architecture provides an introduction to system design basics for most computer science students.
Read More »
Network Fundamentals Study Guide
Networking fundamentals teaches the building blocks of modern network design. Learn different types of networks, concepts, architecture and...
Read More »
The Five Generations of Computers
Learn about each of the five generations of computers and major technology developments that have led to the computing devices that we use...
Read More »
Browse Technology Definitions:
ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ _
0123456789
Webopedia
Definitions:
Browse Terms
Previous Terms
Recent Terms
All Categories
Articles:
IT Certifications
Did You Know
Quick Reference
Study Guides
Acceptable Use Policy
Terms of Service |
About Us |
Privacy Notice |
Contact Us |
Advertise |
Sitemap |
California - Do Not Sell My Information
Advertiser Disclosure: