https://webprofessionals.org/about/policies/
WebProfessionals.org aka World Organization of Webmasters Policies
As you probably know by having read the site, WebProfessionals.org is a non-profit, membership
organization whose goal is to support web professionals everywhere.
All of us at WebProfessionals.org want to let you know that WebProfessionals.org was put together for a number
of important reasons, all of them concerned about the quality of your education
and the long-term health and happiness of your career. To that end, WOW
and its member volunteers work with a wide range of partners in order to
better address these educational and career-oriented needs.
Careers in the Web Profession
Web professionals work in one of the most exciting industries of our time.
Not only are there new technologies and exciting solutions being developed
every day, but the scope of the profession offers something for everyone.
If you’ve ever thought about being a Webmaster, check out our WOW and the
Webmaster presentation.
If you’re already working as a Web professional, be sure to visit our Education
and Certification centers.
Events and Web Site Areas of Interest
WebProfessionals.orgworks with a variety of partners to bring you exceptional events focusing
on education, certification, and of course community. Be sure to check out:
The
WebProfessionals.org Iron Chef Web competitions
Web design, web development and other Web professional events exciting
conference events
What’s happening with WOW via our Pressroom
So, please take some time and look around the web site and examine what
we have to offer. And, as always, if you have any questions at all please
feel free to visit our contact page to get in touch or call the WOW office
workdays, Pacific Time, (916) 989-2933.
Privacy Policy/Legal Terms and Conditions for Use of This Site
Please read this page carefully. This page states the Terms and Conditions under which you, the website visitor (hereinafter “You” or “visitor”), may use this site, the content of which is owned by or licensed to World Organization of Webmasters and is operated and administered by World Organization of Webmasters (collectively, “World Organization of Webmasters”). By using this site, you agree to be bound by all of the Terms and Conditions set forth below. If you do not accept these Terms and Conditions, please do not use this site. WebProfessionals.org may, at its sole discretion, revise these Terms and Conditions at any time; therefore, you should visit this page periodically to review the Terms and Conditions.
WebProfessionals.org aka the World Organization of Webmasters
seeks to educate individuals around the world through the development of educational content that includes but is not limited short stories, summaries, in depth articles, tweets and other media including audio and video. Although it strives for timeliness and accuracy in all of its materials, World Organization of Webmasters makes no representations, warranties, or assurances as to the availability, accuracy, currency, or completeness of this site or its contents. WebProfessionals.org shall not be liable for any damages or injury resulting from your access to, inability to access, or use of this site, including, without limitation, any damages or injury arising from any links to other sites contained within or referred to in this site.
Privacy
WebProfessionals.org is committed to preserving your right to privacy. WebProfessionals.org does not collect identifying information about you (such as your name, address, telephone number, or email address) unless you voluntarily submit that information to us through our Contact Us page, our newsletter subscription pages, or other means.
Please do not provide any confidential information (including personal information) about you or anyone to us via electronic communication. Any information you do submit will not be sold to any third parties. If we publish any information you provide to us on the website, we will not disclose personally identifiable information.
We collect non-personal information about your use of our website through the use of cookies. The information collected by cookies allows us to statistically monitor how many people are using our website. We may use cookie information to determine the popularity of certain content and how long visitors stay on the site.
Additionally, WebProfessionals.org may include a third party cookie from Google in order to use Google Analytics to monitor site statistics. Please note that Google and its wholly owned subsidiaries may retain and use, subject to the terms of its Privacy Policy (located at http://www.google.com/privacy.html, or such other URL as Google may provide from time to time), information collected in Your use of the Service.
Most browsers offer instructions on how to reset the browser to reject cookies in the “Help” section of the toolbar. You do not have to accept our cookies in order to productively use our site. We do not use cookies to collect or store personal information about you.
When you visit the site, WebProfessionals.org may automatically collect certain non-identifying information about you, such as the type of browser or computer operating system You use or the domain name of the site from which You linked to us.
Any automatically collected information may be maintained indefinitely and used for our internal business and marketing purposes, such as assessing traffic patterns and usage of various features on the site, but will not be sold or otherwise disclosed to third parties for any purposes. Notwithstanding any other statements or representations here or elsewhere on our site, World Organization of Webmasters reserves its right to disclose any information in its possession if it is required to do so by law, or it believes, in good faith, that such a disclosure is necessary to comply with the law, defend its rights or property, or to respond to an emergency situation.
If you are concerned about the information You have provided to WebProfessionals.org or would like to review, update, or delete that information, please contact us at:
World Organization of Webmasters
P.O. Box 1743
Folsom, CA 95763
info at web professionals dot org
WebProfessionals.org will make reasonable efforts to comply with your wishes.
Contact Us
The Contact us page is the primary means of communication with World Organization of Webmasters staff and its volunteers for a website visitor. Website visitors may use the Contact us page to send content suggestions or questions about the content and it will be sent directly to our editorial staff. Website visitors may also use this form to ask general questions about the Website or content, submit notification of broken links, communicate privacy concerns, and/or submit praise and/or complaints. All comments are seen by the Executive Director of World Organization of Webmasters who, along with senior editorial staff, handle all content-related issues and will use these comments, for instance, as ideas for generating new content or answering a question in a Q&A section on the site. All technical and operational issues are forwarded to the Director of Operations for handling. As World Organization of Webmasters
policy is not to respond to visitor email, the Contact Us page does ask for any personally identifiable information (such as an email address), and by using the contact us for you agree to the terms of service and to voluntarily typing such information into one of the e-mail address text fields. The Contact Us page is not secured by a 128-bit encryption. Any personal information submitted through the Contact Us page is is at your own discretion and risk. We may, unless you indicate otherwise, store, edit, and excerpt your email for use in Q&As, presentations, analyses, and other similar purposes. In these cases, we will delete any content that would specifically identify you as the writer of the email.
Newsletters and Blogs
Additional information about you that is actively collected by WebProfessionals.org are email addresses of individuals who opt-in to our newsletter programs. These email addresses are only used for delivering our newsletters. These addresses are not typically viewed by a human being unless there is some problem with the database. Users may remove their email address from our list by using the unsubscribe link provided at the bottom of each newsletter.
Our content is intended to be a safe resource for individuals of all ages. Although WebProfessionals.org is a non-commercial, nonprofit, charitable foundation and as such is not subject to the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act, it takes privacy very seriously.WebProfessionals.org does not sell the information sent to it. World Organization of Webmasters does not collect any personally identifiable information from children with one exception. To all of its visitors, WebProfessionals.org offers Express Email, which is an opt-in weekly newsletter that informs visitors of new content on the site. Visitors may sign up for Express Email through a non secure and a non 128-bit encrypted page that collects only an email address and no other information about the visitor. Our Contact Us page does not ask for any personally identifiable information. Sometimes, children write World Organization of Webmasters with a personal technical or Web related question. As stated elsewhere, World Organization of Webmasters generally does not answer such questions and does not collect email addresses on the Contact Us form in order to be able to respond. However, there are times when a visitor includes an email address and a World Organization of Webmasters staffer or volunteer believes it is advisable to ask a follow-up question or offer a comment, for instance, in the case of a life-threatening condition. However, it is important to note that if a user communicates a serious issue but does not include an email address, there will be no way for World Organization of Webmasters to respond.
Security
WebProfessionals.org employs reasonable security measures to protect the personal information you submit to it. However, at this time we do not employ the use of such security resources that involves the use of SSL-secured Web forms, firewalls, and other commonly employed security methods.
User Submissions
WebProfessionals.org welcomes your comments on its site and content. However, you acknowledge that if you send us creative suggestions, ideas, notes, drawings, concepts, inventions, or other information (collectively, the “Information”), the Information shall be deemed, and shall remain, the property of World Organization of Webmasters. By submission of any Information to us, you assign to us and we shall exclusively own all now known or hereafter existing rights to such Information and shall be entitled to unrestricted use of the Information for any purpose whatsoever, commercial or otherwise, without compensation to you.
As a user of this site, you are responsible for your own communications and are responsible for the consequences of their posting. Therefore, do not do any of the following things: transmit to us material that is copyrighted, unless you are the copyright owner or have the permission of the copyright owner to post it; send material that reveals trade secrets, unless you own them or have the permission of the owner; send material that infringes on any other intellectual property rights of others or on the privacy or publicity rights of others; send material that is obscene, defamatory, threatening, harassing, abusive, hateful, or embarrassing to another user or any other person or entity; send sexually explicit images; send advertisements or solicitations of business; send chain letters or pyramid schemes; or impersonate another person.
WebProfessionals.org reserves the right to expel users and prevent their further access to this site for violating these terms or the law and reserves the right to remove any communications from this site. The violation of any of the terms and conditions set forth on this Terms and Conditions page shall result in the immediate revocation of your right to use the content and obligates you to immediately destroy any copies of the content in your possession.
Editorial Policies
Articles and features published on this site undergo a rigorous editorial process that includes extensive review by medical professionals. However, all information on this site is for educational purposes only. For specific medical advice, diagnoses, and treatment, consult your doctor.
The editorial staff makes every effort to be as neutral as possible with regard to gender, race, color, religion, and age. Within the articles, the site takes turns referring to infants, children, and teens as “he” or “she.” Remember that even if an article says he or she, it is referring to male and female infants, children, and teens, unless otherwise specified.
Links
This site contains links to websites owned by third parties. These links appear as resources associated with individual articles. These resources are listed on a separate page and users are cautioned at the top of these pages that clicking links to listed resources will take them off WebProfessionals.org site. These links are provided solely as a convenience to You and are not an endorsement by World Organization of Webmasters of the contents of those other sites. World Organization of Webmasters is not responsible for the content of any linked sites and makes no representations regarding the content or accuracy of materials on such sites. If you decide to visit any third-party sites using links from this site, you do so at Your own risk.
Emails Claiming to Be From WebProfessionals.org aka World Organization of Webmasters
Occasionally, in a scam known as “phishing,” mass emailers will send messages that claim to be from World Organization of Webmasters. They may use our name, logo, or employee email addresses in fraudulent emails trying to obtain valuable information from consumers and businesses. These con artists know that people trust World Organization of Webmasters. That’s why they may use our name or that of some other well-known organization to trick people into believing that they are dealing with a legitimate request for personal information. These fraudulent emails often create a false sense of urgency intended to prompt the recipient to take action.
World Organization of Webmasters does not send out unsolicited emails or commercial endorsements, and does not ask for detailed personal information. If you get this sort of email appearing to be from World Organization of Webmasters, you should assume that it is fraudulent and avoid clicking any link within the email.
Disclaimer of Warranties
World Organization of Webmasters does not warrant that the site will operate error-free or that the site or its server are free of computer viruses or other harmful material. If Your use of the site or the site’s material results in the need for servicing or replacing of equipment or data, World Organization of Webmasters
shall not be responsible for those costs. This site and its material are provided on an “as is” basis without any warranties of any kind. WORLD ORGANIZATION OF WEBMASTERS, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, INCLUDING THE WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTIES’ RIGHTS, AND THE WARRANTY OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
Disclaimer of Consequential Damages
IN NO EVENT SHALL WORLD ORGANIZATION OF WEBMASTERS , ITS EDUCATIONAL PARTNERS, OR ANY THIRD PARTIES MENTIONED IN THE SITE CONTENT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, LOST PROFITS, OR DAMAGES RESULTING FROM LOST DATA OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) RESULTING FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE MATERIAL ON THIS WEBSITE OR SITES LINKED TO THIS WEBSITE, WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT, OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, AND WHETHER WORLD ORGANIZATION OF WEBMASTERS
IS ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
Use of Site Material
The contents of this site, including, without limitation, text, graphics, images, and other content (the “Content”) are owned by or licensed to World Organization of Webmasters
and are protected by copyright under both United States and foreign laws. Unauthorized use of the Content violates copyright, trademark, and other laws. You agree to retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained in the original Content on any copy you make of such material. You may not sell or modify our Content or reproduce, display, distribute, or otherwise use the Content in any way for any public or commercial purpose. Use of the Content on any other website or in a networked environment is prohibited. For permission to reprint or link to World Organization of Webmasters content, see our Permissions Guidelines.
Miscellaneous
This site originates from within the United States. World Organization of Webmasters
does not claim that the Content on this site is appropriate or may be used outside of the United States. Access to the Content may not be legal by certain persons or in certain countries. If you access the site from outside the United States, you do so at your own risk and are responsible for compliance with the laws of your jurisdiction.
These Terms and Conditions are governed by the substantive laws of the State of Delaware, without respect to its conflict of laws principles. You agree to submit to the jurisdiction of the courts situated in the State of California with respect to any dispute, disagreement, or cause of action related to or involving this site. If any provision is found to be invalid by any court having competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of these Terms and Conditions, which shall remain in full force and effect. No waiver of any of these Terms and Conditions shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or any other term. Except as expressly provided elsewhere in this site, these Terms and Conditions constitute the entire agreement between you and World Organization of Webmasters with respect to your use of this site.
WebProfessionals.org aka the World Organization of Webmasters and the WebProMinute.org website are trademarks of World Organization of Webmasters.
Search
Community
Education
Certification
Join Now!
Login
Recent Post
Apple Unveils New Mobile App Policies
5 Trends in Web Design
Understanding Brutalist Web Design and Development
5 Trends in Web Development and Design
Career in Web Design and Development in the Age of COVID-19
Important Stuff Dear Web Professional Colleagues,
WebProfessionals.org (aka the World Organization of Webmasters) has a 20 year history of supporting practicing professionals and those that teach. To better support practicing and aspiring Web professionals and teachers we are working to keep web-related occupational classifications up to date. At the request of the U.S. Department of Labor, we will continue to support the O*NET (Occupational Information Network) initiative as an important and primary source of occupational information. O*NET.
Who:
O*NET is taking steps to update two occupational classifications that are important to the Web profession:
* Web Administrators
* Web Developers
Why is this important?
* Results will help support Web professionals everywhere
* Teachers and schools that teach Web professional topics need a guide to focus their curriculum strategies
For full details click here
CategoriesCategories
Select Category
Analytics
Content Management Systems
Content Strategy
CSS3
Cyber Crime
ECommerce
Employment Issues
Google Watch
HTML5
Industry News
IT
JavaScript
Job and Resume Tips from the Pros
Member Profiles
Mobile Application Development
Mobile UX
Mobile Web
Profiles Of Success
Responsive Design
Search
Semantic Web
SEO
Socail Media
Social Media
Sponsored Content
State of the Web
SVG
Usability
User Experience
Web 2.0
Web 2.0
Web Accessibility
Web Administration
Web Apps
Web Business
Web Conference
Web Content
Web Design
Web Design Trends
Web Development
Web Globalization
Web Government
Web Marketing
Web Pro Education
Web Pro Minute Podcasts
Web Pro News
Web Professional Educator Spotlight
Web Professional Survey
Web Professional Trends
Web Professional Trends 2015
Web Project Management
Web Security
web standards
Web Typography
WebProfessionals.org News
WOW Editorial
WOW News
Post your Resume Free!
On the Road
Have you agreed to our WebProfessionals.org Code of Ethics for non-members? Make sure you check the box, provide your name and email, and click the accept button.
WebProfessionals.org Code of Ethics
Whether you are a Webprofessionals.org member or not – we ask you to consider agreeing to our code of ethics. If you are a member, we have a separate form after you login. If you are a non-member, but agree to follow our code of ethics, please agree and add your name in the comment field.
Professional organizations and associations throughout history establish some sort of standard of operation or minimum standards of conduct which are considered acceptable for the profession and the members they represent. A generally agreed upon Code of Ethics can define the overall aim of the profession, and the ideals to which Web professional workers aspire.
As a membership supported organization for practicing and aspiring Web Professionals, we should adhere to a “higher standard.” We should “set the bar” for professionalism for our members. As such, we propose an adherence to a code of ethics and we invite you to participate.  To ensure that their efforts will be used for the the common good, Web professionals should commit themselves to making practicing within the of the profession a beneficial and respected one, including promoting an ethical approach to their practice.
At a minimum, we should commit to a standard of conduct which should be generally agreed upon. Although we recognize that this Code of Ethics is voluntary and not enforceable by law, we hope and expect everyone to adhere to the highest standards when working in our field.
Please review the following stipulations and if you agree please check the box at the top of the text and we will add you to the list. Thank you in advance for your support.
What does it mean for Employers, Hiring Managers, Consumers and those that Hire WebProfessionals.org members? If a Webprofessionals.org member works for you full time, part time or by contract, you should expect them to:
Be open and truthful. Although we cannot guarantee that all of the members of the Webprofessionals.org community subscribe to this code of ethics, as a professional association we aspire to instill in our members and non members alike the highest ethical standards.
Respect and Protect your intellectual property.  As Web professionals and more specifically WebProfessionals.org members, it’s our responsibility to protect the intellectual property rights of others including personal data and all electronic media and files. As Web professionals we have a duty and a fiduciary responsible to protect this integrity by adopting and implementing best practices of our customer’s data and to keep it secure.
Be Responsive. As Web professionals we owe it to our clients and stakeholders to respond to inquires in a timely manner.  WebProfessionals.org members should be candid about their available response time and communicate that to customers in advance.Written Communications: As Web professionals it is our responsibility to effectively communicate to our clients and stakeholders.  When making a request of the customer, or when making promises, put them in writing.  Despite our best efforts, disputes sometimes happen. Having a well documented and agreed upon relationship will serve both parties. This should include all conversations about who does what and when, work to be performed, timelines, cost and change orders.
As members of WebProfessionals.org organization we pledge to perform our duties in the best interest of our clients and customers:
Article 1
WebProfessionals.org members do their best protect and promote their clients’ interests while treating all parties honestly. We will strive to understand your business and how our efforts can help you better succeed.
Article 2
WebProfessionals.org members refrain from exaggeration, mis-representation, or concealment of pertinent facts related to negotiating contracts or transactions. We will not try to be “all things to all clients.” WebProfessionals.org members are knowledgeable and competent in the fields of practice in which they engage, or they get assistance from a knowledgeable professional, or disclose any lack of expertise to their client.
Article 3
WebProfessionals.org members cooperate with other Web Professional sub contractors to advance their clients’ best interests. We collaborate as it typically takes a team to build a world class web site and to provide web services these days.
Article 4
WebProfessionals.org members disclose any fee or financial benefit they may receive from recommending related products or services. WebProfessionals.org members receive compensation from only one party, except where they make full disclosure and receive informed consent from their client.
Article 5
WebProfessionals.org members keep entrusted funds of clients and customers in a separate escrow account until the work has been completed and the client has signed off.
Article 6
WebProfessionals.org members make sure that negotiations are in writing and that contract details are spelled out in writing, signed and that parties receive copies. This includes explaining in detail the process and fees for requesting changes.
Article 7
WebProfessionals.org members give equal professional service to all clients and customers irrespective of race, color, religion, sexual orientation, handicap, disabilites, familial status, or national origin.
Article 8
WebProfessionals.org members portray an accurate picture of their services in their advertising and in other public representations. WebProfessionals.org members make only truthful, objective comments about other Web professionals and potential competitors working in the field.
Article 9
WebProfessionals.org members respect the exclusive representation or exclusive brokerage relationship agreements that other WebProfessionals.org members have with their clients.
Article 10
Web Professionals charge fair rates for their services. This means we do not undercharge or over-charge our clients. Yes. rates may vary substantially based on years of experience, technical knowledge and a host of factors.
Be sure to click “I Agree”  to this Code of Ethics to record your commitment!
Name
Time is Up!
Certifications Updated WebProfessionals.org (aka the World Organization of Webmasters) has a 20+ year history of supporting practicing professionals and those that teach them. We also support aspiring web professionals. We have recently updated our certifications to include novice level (for middle school students aspiring to a career in web technologies). We have also added certifications in Web and Mobile App Development and Web Animation.
Our certification page has been updated for those who would like to learn more.
WebProfessionals.orgFollow
27 Nov 2019
Thanks for the mention. This is a very important initiative.
Reply on Twitter 1199686928125304832Retweet on Twitter 1199686928125304832Like on Twitter 11996869281253048321Twitter 1199686928125304832
25 Nov 2019
The web is one of the most powerful tools we’ve ever had to transform our lives for the better.
Never before has the web’s power for good been more under threat.
It doesn’t have to be this way. We can — and must — fight for the #WebWeWant @webfoundation
http://contractfortheweb.org/action
Reply on Twitter 1198981331646140417Retweet on Twitter 1198981331646140417Like on Twitter 1198981331646140417Twitter 1198981331646140417
23 Nov 2019
EFF has also taken a stand on this. https://www.eff.org/deeplinks/2019/11/nonprofit-community-stands-together-protect-org
Reply on Twitter 1198318174514688000Retweet on Twitter 1198318174514688000Like on Twitter 1198318174514688000Twitter 1198318174514688000
3 Nov 2019
The honor was mine. Thanks for your hard work and many insights. https://twitter.com/PUXLa11y/status/1191120405559480321
Reply on Twitter 1191132417186238464Retweet on Twitter 11911324171862384642Like on Twitter 11911324171862384643Twitter 1191132417186238464
Load More…
Featured Supporters
Web Buyer Guide
IT Buyer Guide
Web Professionals FacebookWeb Professionals TwitterWeb Professionals PinterestWeb Professionals YoutubeWeb Professionals LinkedInWeb Professionals FlickrWeb Professionals RSS
Copyright ©2020 Web Professionals | Theme by: Theme Horse | Powered by: WordPress
Powered by WishList Member - Membership Software