http://webperformanceinc.com/company/privacy-policy.html
Menu
Contact Us
About Web Performance
Accelerating the web for 21 years
About
Customers
News
RSS Feed
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Privacy Statement
WHAT DO WE DO WITH YOUR INFORMATION?
When you purchase something from our store, as part of the buying and selling process, we collect the personal information you give us such as your name, address and email address.
These are used to notify you when time-based products such as a software lease are about to expire.
You are not sent marketing information unless you explicitly give permission
to be on a mailing list.
CONSENT
How do you get my consent?
When you provide us with personal information to complete a transaction, verify your credit card, place an order, arrange for a delivery or return a purchase, we imply that you consent to our collecting it and using it for that specific reason only.
If we ask for your personal information for a secondary reason, like marketing, we will either ask you directly for your expressed consent, or provide you with an opportunity to say no.
How do I withdraw my consent?
If after you opt-in, you change your mind, you may withdraw your consent for us to contact you, for the continued collection, use or disclosure of your information, at anytime, by contacting us at:
Web Performance Incorporated
PO Box 10287
Greensboro, North Carolina 27404
USA
DISCLOSURE
We may disclose your personal information if we are required by law to do so or if you violate our Terms of Service.
STRIPE
Our online store is hosted on our own servers, but payments are processed by Stripe, which holds a PCI Service Provider Level 1 certification, the most stringent level of certification available in the payments
industry. They provide us a payment processing gateway that allows us to sell our products and services to you. Your payment data is only stored on Stripe’s secure databases.
OTHER THIRD-PARTY SERVICES
In general, the third-party providers used by us will only collect, use and disclose your information to the extent necessary to allow them to perform the services they provide to us.
However, certain third-party service providers, such as payment gateways and other payment transaction processors, have their own privacy policies in respect to the information we are required to provide to them for your purchase-related transactions.
For these providers, we recommend that you read their privacy policies so you can understand the manner in which your personal information will be handled by these providers.
In particular, remember that certain providers may be located in or have facilities that are located a different jurisdiction than either you or us. So if you elect to proceed with a transaction that involves the services of a third-party service provider, then your information may become subject to the laws of the jurisdiction(s) in which that service provider or its facilities are located.
As an example, if you are located in Canada and your transaction is processed by a payment gateway located in the United States, then your personal information used in completing that transaction may be subject to disclosure under United States legislation, including the Patriot Act.
Once you leave our store’s website or are redirected to a third-party website or application, you are no longer governed by this Privacy Policy or our website’s Terms of Service.
Links
When you click on links on our store, they may direct you away from our site. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites and encourage you to read their privacy statements. Google analytics: Our store uses Google Analytics to help us learn about store visits and the pages being viewed.
SECURITY
To protect your personal information, we take reasonable precautions and follow industry best practices to make sure it is not inappropriately lost, misused, accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed.
If you provide us with your credit card information, the information is encrypted using secure socket layer technology (SSL) and stored on Stripe. Although no method of transmission over the Internet or electronic storage is 100% secure, we follow all PCI-DSS requirements and implement additional generally accepted industry standards.
COOKIES
The main site webperformance.com does not use cookies, however, the portal uses the following cookies to track state.
JSESSIONID -- Identifies a customer after they've logged in.
LoggedIn -- Tells whether a customer is currently logged in.
AGE OF CONSENT
By using this site, you represent that you are at least the age of majority in your state or province of residence, or that you are the age of majority in your state or province of residence and you have given us your consent to allow any of your minor dependents to use this site.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time, so please review it frequently. Changes and clarifications will take effect immediately upon their posting on the website. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here that it has been updated, so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we use and/or disclose it.
If our store is acquired or merged with another company, your information may be transferred to the new owners so that we may continue to sell products to you.
QUESTIONS AND CONTACT INFORMATION
If you would like to: access, correct, amend or delete any personal information we have about you, register a complaint, or simply want more information contact our Privacy Compliance Officer by mail at
Web Performance Incorporated
Re: Privacy Compliance Officer
PO Box 10287
Greensboro, North Carolina 27404
USA
Accelerating the Web for 21 Years
Since 1999, Web Performance has helped some of the world’s most well-known organizations bullet-proof their websites against increasingly large volumes of traffic. Using our software or consulting services, we’ll help you optimize any site for any amount of visitors. How can we help you grow?
Company
About
Customers
News
RSS Feed
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Consulting Servicestesting & training
Load Testing software
Selenium IDEsoftware
Prices
Blog
Support
Login
Company
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Copyright © 2020 Web Performance, Inc.
DesignHammer – A Durham web design company
919.845.7601 Mon&hairsp–&hairspFri 9am&hairsp–&hairsp5pm ET
×
(1) 919-845-7601 9AM-5PM EST
Just complete this form and we will get back to you as soon as possible with a quote. Please note: Technical support questions should be posted to our online support system.
About You
Region
Asia
Australia/New Zealand
Canada
Europe
Japan
South America
United Kingdom/Ireland
United States
What you Need
Services or Software
Web Testing Services
Load Testing Software
Concurrent Users
0 - 100
100 - 1,000
1,000 - 5,000
5,001 - 10,000
10,001 - 1,000,000
Unknown
Sign up to receive new product announcements
Send