https://websitesdallas.com/privacy-policy
Company Name:
Dallas Website Design
Website URL:
https://websitesdallas.com
Dallas Website Design - Professional website design and web development company based in Dallas.
Call us today (214) 699-1790
Company Logo:
https://websitesdallas.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/11/publisher-logo.png
Phone Number:
+1 214-699-1790
Company Address:
10106 Technology Blvd. West
City:
Dallas
State:
TX
Zip Code:
75220
Privacy Policy
On-line Privacy Policy
What information is collected
Information collected on the Dallas Website Design website includes, but is not limited to: Name, Email address, phone number, mailing address and interests in Dallas Wesbtie Design services. Any information gathered is given of the site visitor’s free will, and anyone may browse the Dallas Webstie Design website anonymously.
When information is collected
Information is gathered in several ways, including:
Quote request forms
Contact us forms
Correspondence
What the information is used for
While the information you provide is used for the specific purpose of the web form used, any information we collect may be used in one of the following ways:
To improve our website (We continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback you provide us.)
The email address you provide may be used to send you requested information.
To register for access to website features or hosting services.
Use of web cookies
Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. Dallas Website Design uses an anonymous cookie to collect traffic data.
Dallas Website Design uses cookies to compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
Disclosure of information to outside parties
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you. These third parties must agree to keep this information confidential in order to qualify. Dallas Website Design reserves the right to release your information when it is believed release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce site policies, or protect the rights, property, or safety of Dallas Website Design or others.
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. As such, the release of personally identifiable information beyond what is outlined above will only be allowed with the express consent of the person in question.
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Our website and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through the Dallas Website Design website. This policy does not apply to information collected offline.
Your Consent
By using the Dallas Website Design website, you consent to this web site privacy policy.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
If it is decided to change this privacy policy, notification to the public will be achieved by update to the Privacy Policy modification date below.
This policy was last modified on June 1, 2010.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below:
Dallas Website Design
10106 Technology Blvd. West
Dallas TX 75220
(214) 699-1790
mark@websitesdallas.com
Contact Us Form
"We are committed to providing our customers withhigh quality custom websites at affordable prices."
Dallas Website Design – Responsive Website Design & web Development
©2006 - 2020.
All Rights Reserved.
MENU
Home
Web Services
Basic Website Design
Website Redesign
eCommerce Web Design
Interactive Websites
Medical Web Design
Website Repairs
Custom Web Applications
Search Engine Optimization
Search Engine Marketing
Our Portfolio
Domain Names
Hosting
Contact Us
Make a Payment
Get A Quote