http://webwarper.net/2020/07/22/maintaining-your-online-privacy/
Skip to content
Author
Web WarperPosted on July 22, 2020
The biggest commodity in recent days is privacy. If you search on your own, you might discover the number of organizations who are said to have your information, about your family, and other things etc. Your information, phone number, and other things which are personal like your social security number and so on are worthy of more money for the bad people and legitimate businesses. The bad individuals want to steal the information from you. So, it is important to secure your information and maintain online privacy.
Different ways of maintaining online privacy
Let’s discuss various ways or possibilities of maintaining online privacy:
Be picky about sharing your number of social security
You are required to think twice when you share the number of social security to your bank, company, or with anyone. If anyone has your data such as your address or birth date, they can take out your credit cards and steal your identity. Few of the bad hackers can even pile up debt in your name. The last four digits of the social security number must be only revealed when it is only needed. It is normally asked by banks to set your password. So be careful in sharing your social security number with anyone.
Keep the private browsing on
When you are browsing through the internet, you need to allow private browsing. This setting deletes temporary internet files, browsing history, and cookies etc when you close the window after the browsing. Every organization which advertises on the web will surely what to know what you purchase, what sites you visit, about your friends etc. They can offer you aimed ads by knowing about your online activities. Some of the times they might depend on the code which is embedded to track your preferences, demographic information, and visits. Try to surf the net by hiding your IP address if you truly care about the privacy. This is especially recommended when you viewing adult content. Obviously, you don’t want people to know when you are looking at teen sluts, but hookup sites are also often a target for malicious actors. Popular free sex apps like Meet n Fuck Free often suggest bolstering your security and privacy when accessing their platform. You can do this by using a virtual private network that operates by routing your web traffic through a series of servers.
Utilize two-factor authentication
With the authentication of two factors, you can lock down your dropbox, google, and Facebook etc. It means when you sign in, you also are required to enter the special code which the website texts to your mobile phone. Few of the administrations need it all the time you sign in to their site. This authentication works amazingly which makes others not to access your accounts. But few people think this is time-consuming. When you serious about your privacy then this works better for you.
Just pay for the things with cash
Many of the credit card companies seem to see your buying information to the advertisers. If you do not want any organizations to know how much booze you are going to purchase or any other embarrassing things then pay for them with the cash.
When making credit card purchases do not give zip code
Many of the stores sometimes ask for your zip code when you purchasing something with your credit card. You should not provide it unless you wish to donate to their database of the market. Companies can get information of yours easily through your zip code incorporating your email, address, and phone number.
Lie when you answer security questions
When you are logging into a company’s site, you will be asked security questions like in which city you are born etc. To keep your privacy and account secure from the hackers, lie when you answer the security questions. By digging up some answers, anyone can easily access your account.
Put privacy on your social network activity
When you use Facebook, make sure to check settings and only your friends know what you are actually doing. You can set privacy in the privacy settings of your social media account. By putting the settings to privacy, only your friends can know your social network activities.
Setting up a google alert for your name
The simple method of keeping an eye on someone who is saying about you on the web is set up a google alert. It is like telling the google to look for what types of web pages to search and how much time to search etc.
Utilize a password vault
Many of the individuals utilize the same password more than once for more than one application or website. It cannot be possible for remembering various passwords for different online administrations that you may utilize. Using the same password for all the services can lead to tracking your data easily on the web. For this reason, utilize a password manager or use a password vault which generates super-strong login fields and remember all your passwords.
Lockdown your hardware
You need to set up your personal computer to need a password when it wakes from boots up or sleeps. Suddenly if you lose your laptop or your mobile devices, you need to utilize a passcode for accessing them every time you use it. When your device gets stolen, for locating it install an application or lock the hardware to clean your entire data. Such that any stranger cant accesses the information. Make sure to install an antivirus to be aware of the malware applications to secure your mobile device from any kind of threat.
Do not fill out your profile of social media
When you share more amount of data on the web then it gets easier for any person for stealing it. Do not be cooperative and mention your whole data on social media profiles. You need to carefully observe your social media profiles and don’t fill them with your birth data. Phone number or email address. There are high chances that someone can steal your data easily in this way that is through your social media profile. If you seriously care about your privacy then make sure to not offer your personal information on any kind of social media platform.
Post navigation
Previous Previous post: The Ashley Madison Hack Explained
Search for:
Search
Recent Posts
Maintaining Your Online Privacy
The Ashley Madison Hack Explained
WHAT IS A VPN?
Archives
July 2020
August 2019
March 2019
Categories
Cybersecurity
Online Privacy
Tagsashley madison data breach
ashley madison hack
setting up a vpn
vpn explained
what is a vpn?
Meta
Log in
Entries feed
Comments feed
WordPress.org