https://wegabyte.com/terms-conditions/
About WegaByte
Become a Contributor
Get in Touch
Terms & Conditions
Search for:
Breaking
Does Potenztabletten Change Your Sexual Encounter?
How Do Casinos Benefit The Particular Area?
How to Play in Judi Bola Online Casinos
Diet Tablet Leptitox Review - Over-the-counter Weight Management Alternatives
Web-Based Property Management Software
Modern House Security Technologies You Need to Be Familiar with
Melt Xbox 360 Gamings - The Super Easy Way to Replicate Your Xbox 360 Games!
Web xev bellringer videos Dependency - Is it Truly Dependency or otherwise?
General Artificial Intelligence Will Be Greater Than Intelligence
Pure Nicotine Water - Health and Wellness Benefits of Nicotine without the Smoke!
Privacy Policy
Our commitment to privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on every pages of our website.
The information we collect
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on our website or via phone. The types of information collected are personal, billing and project related. We might also collect information from you regarding third parties in relation to you (i.e. hosting company etc…).
The way we use information
We use the information you provide about yourself to provide services. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete your request for our services. We reserve the right to reveal this information pursuant to a valid subpoena or court order.
We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive for tech support, customer service, tell-a-friend, email updates. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online, via phone, or in person, in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
Our commitment to data security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online and offline.
Our commitment to children’s privacy
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13.
Third-party websites
This website may provide links to third-party websites. Any such links are provided solely as a convenience to you. We have no control over these websites or their content and does not assume any responsibility or liability for these websites. We do not endorse or make any representations about these websites, or any information, materials, or products found thereon. If you access any of the third-party websites linked on this Web site, you do so at your own risk.
How you can access or correct your information
At any time, you may later review or update the personal information we have collected online from you by writing an email.
To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
How to contact us
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please contact us via contact us form.
Get Latest Updates:
Name
Email
Categories
Agency
artificial intelligence
Beauty
Blog
Business
Computer
Entertenment
fashion
Finance
Games
Health
Knowledge
Online Games
Real Estate
Technology
Archives
December 2019
November 2019
October 2019
September 2019
August 2019
July 2019
June 2019
May 2019
April 2019
March 2019
February 2019
January 2019
December 2018
November 2018
October 2018
September 2018
Designed By Wega Byte
Back To Top