https://wiki.eltima.com/policies/eltima-privacy-policy.html
Home / Policies / Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy Posted on September 26, 2008 by adminLast updated on: August 16, 2018Please note that European Union’s General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR) came into effect on May 25, 2018. We have updated our Privacy Policy and License Agreement accordingly, to make sure that is is clear how we use your data and what we do with your data, and that we do not collect or store any usernames, passwords, or other configuration data on our servers.Eltima Software respects your right to privacy and we understand that, as a visitor to our corporate website, sites of our departments and products, you prefer to control the way you share your personal information and preferences. When you engage in activities on our website such as ordering/registering products, accessing members-only areas, requesting technical support, or subscribing to newsletters and e-mail publications, you may be asked to provide us with some identifying information.For processing purchases we use secure online payment systems which take great precautions to ensure that your personal information and credit card information are kept secret and used only for matters related to your order. For details we recommend that you see privacy policies of these payment systems.Additional information we may ask you for to be able to take part in other activities on our website or within our products may include name, mailing address, telephone number, facsimile numbers, e-mail address, and other demographic information that will enable us to better understand the requirements of our customers and to continue providing you with high quality products and services. This information request will be optional and required only to engage in certain activities. By choosing to enter the requested information when prompted, you may be eligible to receive demonstration versions of our software, extended functionality, user tips and product information, newsletters, upgrades notifications and special offers.All of your private information that you provide is stored and protected by your user-established email and password. The information you post in message boards and forums is available to others outside of the website. Please remember that whenever you disclose personal information publicly, you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return. Also, any information you transmit online in such forums will be made public and we cannot control nor are we responsible for the use any third parties may make of such information.Online activation is required for some of our products. Our software doesn’t collect any personal information from your computer during online activation. It uses only the information needed to verify whether you are using a legal copy of an application and that it is not used on more computers than the license terms allow. The information gathered during activation (Hardware serial numbers (a computer’s unique hardware ID), the purchased product ID, build number and activation code) are encrypted and sent to our servers. Thus, Eltima Software guarantees that no personal information is collected during activation. Neither information about the Licensee nor about his/her computer is provided to any third parties without the Licensee’s knowledge or prior notification. Again, this data is used only for the purposes of verification that the copy of the purchased application is genuine and to determine whether the number of permitted activations is not exceeded.We will guard the personal information you share with us to ensure the content, services, and advertising that we provide on eltima.com and other Eltima websites are always tailored to your current, designated preferences. You can maintain the accuracy of information provided by updating it and/or your preferences at any time.When you provide Eltima Software with your name (or alias), e-mail address, mailing address, or telephone number, we may use the provided information to alert you to product upgrades, special offers, updated information, classes, new services, and other Eltima Software related information.Eltima Software respects the rights users give us when choosing to receive e-mail communications and enforces internal policies to preserve those rights. It is our objective to retain the long-term ability to continue to communicate with our users.If you do not want Eltima Software to contact you, you may unsubscribe at any time, either online or by contacting Eltima Software directly. For instructions, please e-mail us at support@eltima.comIf you choose not to register or provide personal information, you can still visit most of Eltima Software Web sites. However, you will not have access to areas that require personal identification.Eltima Software also uses web log analysis software on our server and keeps the reports for internal use; we do not use these reports to identify individual users except in cases of deliberate mis-use of our systems. We do not share our server usage logs with third parties.Personal information we collect is stored in password-controlled servers with limited access, and we protect this information from loss or misuse, and from unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction.Eltima Software uses the data collected from Web site visitor user sessions in aggregate form only and does not collect any personally identifiable information. Use of this information helps us better understand what users are seeking and learning at our Web site(s) and helps us identify potential navigation issues.Eltima Software is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of non-Eltima Software Web sites to which this Site or any other of our web sites may link to. When you access a non-Eltima web site, you do so at your own risk. Eltima Software is not responsible for the reliability of any data, opinions, advice, or statements made on third-party sites. We provide these links merely as a convenience. We encourage you to review the privacy policy of such sites as their privacy practices may differ from ours.If we find it appropriate or desirable to change our privacy policy taking to consideration our users’ feedback or our need, we will post changes as soon as they go into effect so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how it would be used, and under what circumstances we would disclose it. We recommend that you print a copy of this policy for your reference and revisit this policy from time to time to ensure you are aware of any changes. Your accessing our Web sites signifies your acceptance of any changes.If you would like to comment or have any questions concerning our Privacy Policy, please contact us.
Was this article helpful? No Yes We're sorry this wasn't helpful. Can you tell us how this article could have been better? *Name:
*E-mail:
*Comment:
Licenses The complete list of licenses governing the use or redistribution of our products.Read more Information Upgrade instructions Sales FAQ Registration & Activation For Partners Policies Privacy Policy Upgrade Policy Support Policy Refund Policy Ste 5 Horsford’s Business Centre, Long Point Road, Charlestown, Nevis • +1 360 312 7638 (CET) • support@eltima.comPolicyContactsUser AgreementUninstall Copyright © 2020 Electronic Team, Inc. and its affiliates and licensors. All rights are expressly reserved. The software programs and accompanying documentation are the copyrighted property of their respective owners and protected by copyright laws and international intellectual property treaties. USB Network Gate ®, Serial to Ethernet Connector ®, Virtual Serial Port Driver ®, Serial Port Monitor ® and all related product and service names, design marks and slogans are the trademarks and/or registered trademarks of Electronic Team, Inc. and its affiliates and/or its licensors. All other product and service marks contained herein are the trademarks of their respective owners. Any use of Electronic Team, Inc.’s and/or its affiliates’ or third parties’ trademarks or logos without the prior written consent of their respective owners is strictly prohibited.