https://wiki.opennms.org/wiki/OpenNMS:Privacy_policy
OpenNMS:Privacy policy
From OpenNMS
Jump to navigation
Jump to search
This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, and delete your information. If you have any questions about this Policy, send us a note at privacy@opennms.com.
OpenNMS collects information from multiple sources, including various websites hosted by or affiliated with OpenNMS (each a “Website” and collectively, the “Websites”) and various software products and services offered by OpenNMS (the “Software”). The Websites and the Software are referred to collectively in this Policy as the “Offerings”.
This Policy provides you with information concerning our practices and procedures as they relate specifically to information we collect via any Offering that incorporates this Policy. By using such Offering, you are accepting the practices described in this Policy. We may occasionally update this Policy to reflect changes in our practices. When we post modifications to this Policy, we will revise the “Last Revised” date at the bottom of this web page. The modified Policy will be effective immediately upon posting on the Website. Your continued use of the Offering after the posting of the modified Policy constitutes your agreement to abide and be bound by it. If we make any material changes we will notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on this Website prior to the change becoming effective and we will update the effective date accordingly. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices. If you object to any modification, your sole recourse is to stop using the Offering.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Policy. You may, of course, decline to share certain Personal Information with OpenNMS, in which case OpenNMS may not be able to provide to you some of the features and functionality found on the Offerings.
Contents
1 Information Collected by OpenNMS
2 What do OpenNMS Websites Store and Collect?
3 Cookies and Web Beacons
4 Types of Cookies
4.1 Essential Cookies
4.2 Functionality Cookies
4.3 Performance and Analytics Cookies
4.4 Cookie Settings
5 Fulfillment Data
6 What does the OpenNMS Software Collect?
7 Why OpenNMS Collects Information
7.1 Maintain & Improve Our Offerings
7.2 Develop New Offerings
7.3 Provide Personalized Services
7.4 Measure Performance
7.5 Communicate with You
8 Managing and Deleting Your Information
8.1 Removing Your Information
9 Third Party Websites
10 Protection of Minors
11 Sharing Your Information
11.1 When You Share Your Information
11.2 When OpenNMS Shares Your Information
11.3 With your consent
11.4 For legal reasons
12 Security
13 Compliance & Cooperation with Regulators
14 Data Transfers
15 EU Residents
15.1 With your consent
15.2 When we’re pursuing legitimate interests
15.3 When we’re complying with legal obligations
16 California Residents
17 Changes and Updates to this Privacy Policy
18 How to Contact Us
Information Collected by OpenNMS
OpenNMS collects information from multiple sources, including the various Offerings. Some of this information can be used to identify you or another identified or identifiable natural person or other data subject (“Personal Information”). Other information is aggregated, anonymized, or otherwise not immediately usable to identify you or another natural person or data subject (“Anonymous Information”).
Personal Information and Anonymous Information are collectively referred to as “Customer Information” in this Policy.
What do OpenNMS Websites Store and Collect?
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and devices you use to access our Websites and Offerings or open one of our HTML emails by using different types of technology, including “clear gifs” or “web beacons.” This “automatically collected” information may include Internet Protocol address (also known as “IP address”) or other device address or ID, web browser or device type, the web pages or sites that you visit just before or just after visiting a Website, the pages you view on a Website, and the dates and times that you visit the Websites.
Cookies and Web Beacons
We use small text files called cookies to improve the overall Website experience. A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user’s hard drive containing information about the user. Cookies generally do not permit us to personally identify you (except as provided below). We may also use clear GIFs (a.k.a. “Web beacons”) in HTML-based emails sent to our users to track which emails are opened by recipients.
This information is collected directly by the third party, and OpenNMS does not participate in that data transmission. Information collected by third parties in this manner is subject to that third party’s own data collection, use, and disclosure policies.
Types of Cookies
The Websites uses the following types of cookies.
Essential Cookies
Essential (or “Required”) cookies that are required for providing you with features or services that you have requested. Disabling these cookies may make certain features and services unavailable.
Functionality Cookies
Functional cookies are used to record your choices and settings regarding our Websites, maintain your preferences over time, and recognize you when you return to our Websites. These cookies help us to personalize our content for you, chat with you on the website, and show videos to you.
Performance and Analytics Cookies
Performance/Analytical cookies allow us to understand how visitors use our Websites by collecting information about the number of visitors to the Website, what pages visitors view on our Website and how long visitors are viewing pages on the Website. Performance and Analytical cookies also help us measure the performance of our advertising campaigns in order to help us improve our campaigns and the content for those who engage with our advertising.
Cookie Settings
You can decide whether or not to accept cookies. One way you can do this is through your internet browser’s settings. Most browsers have an option for turning off the cookie feature, which will prevent your browser from accepting new cookies. You can also delete all cookies that are already on your computer. If you do this, however, you may have to manually adjust some preferences every time you visit a site and some Website functionality might not work.
Fulfillment Data
If you choose to use a Website to purchase goods or services, we collect and process fulfillment data, some of which may be Personal Information. These are required individual details for the establishment, content or alteration of a contract. Which details are required depend on the goods or services you are procuring. The essential details can be identified by the asterisk (*). This includes – depending on the good or service – your name and e-mail address, billing information, company name, tax ID, address and telephone number, user name and password.
What does the OpenNMS Software Collect?
The Software may, from time to time, collect usage statistics on your use of and interaction with the Software, in order to further improve your experience with and learning of the Software and OpenNMS’s other products and services. In particular, the collected information is used to improve the usability and effective operation of the Software. The collected usage statistics include statistics on the execution of operators, operators and settings in processes, the selection of actions and navigation between elements in the user interface of the OpenNMS Software.
Why OpenNMS Collects Information
OpenNMS uses the information we collect for the following purposes:
Maintain & Improve Our Offerings
We use your information to ensure the Offerings are working as intended, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. For example, we continuously monitor our products to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
And we use your information to make improvements to the Offerings – for example, to understand and analyze the usage trends of the Software to improve it and build better products. Or it may help us discover that it’s taking users too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
Develop New Offerings
We use the information we collect in the Offerings to help us create new features and functionality.
Provide Personalized Services
We use the information we collect to customize the Software for you, including recommending specific next steps for you to take while using the product.
Measure Performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our Offerings are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize website design, monitor and analyze the operation and effectiveness of the Website, and monitor aggregate site usage metrics such as total number of visitors and pages viewed. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by OpenNMS. You can opt-out from Google Analytics by clicking here.
Communicate with You
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may email you to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to the Software; or regarding things you post on the
Offerings. And if you contact OpenNMS, we’ll keep a record of your request to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Managing and Deleting Your Information
When you’re signed into your OpenNMS account, you can always review and update information by visiting your OpenNMS account profile.
Removing Your Information
To delete all of your information, send an email to privacy@opennms.com. Once we confirm your identity, we will immediately start the process of removing your data from the product and our systems. As with any deletion process, things like routine maintenance, unexpected outages, bugs, or failures in our protocols may cause delays in the processes and timeframes in connection with such removal.
There are other ways to control the information OpenNMS collects, including configuring your browser to indicate when OpenNMS has set a cookie in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember, as described above, the OpenNMS Offerings rely on cookies to function properly.
Third Party Websites
The Offerings contain links to websites and services provided by third parties. Any Personal Information you provide on third party sites or services is provided directly to that third party and is subject to that third party’s policies governing privacy and security. We are not responsible for the content or privacy and security practices and policies of third party sites or services to which links are displayed on the Offerings. We encourage you to learn about third parties’ privacy and security policies before providing them with Personal Information.
Protection of Minors
OpenNMS Offerings are not intended for minors. For that reason, OpenNMS does not knowingly collect or maintain Personal Information from persons under 18 years old, and no part of the OpenNMS Offerings are directed to persons under 18. IF YOU ARE UNDER 18 YEARS OF AGE, PLEASE DO NOT USE OR ACCESS THE OPENNMS OFFERINGS AT ANY TIME OR IN ANY MANNER.
Sharing Your Information
When You Share Your Information
Some of our Offerings let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. Any information that you voluntarily choose to include in an area of the Offerings accessible to other OpenNMS users, such as a public profile page or in a posting, will be available to other OpenNMS users who access that content.
Also, if you communicate directly with another OpenNMS user, any information that you voluntarily choose to include in such a communication with other OpenNMS users will be available to such other members. Once you make your information available in any of these ways, it could be collected and used by the recipients without restriction. We urge OpenNMS users to exercise common sense, prudence and good judgment about what information to make available to others through the OpenNMS Offerings.
When OpenNMS Shares Your Information
We are not in the business of selling your information. We do, however, disclose your Personal Information in connection with developing and maintaining the OpenNMS Offerings. We share your Personal Information in the following cases:
With your consent
We may share Personal Information outside of OpenNMS when we have your consent. For example, if you give us permission to share your information with a partner of OpenNMS.
For legal reasons
We may share Personal Information outside of OpenNMS if we have a good-faith belief that access, use, preservation, or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of OpenNMS, our users, or the public as required or permitted by law.
Protect the security or integrity of the OpenNMS Offerings and to protect or enforce third party rights.
If OpenNMS is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your Personal Information and give affected users notice before Personal Information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Security
We maintain reasonable administrative, technical and physical safeguards to protect Personal Information from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction.
If you have found a vulnerability or would like to report a security incident, you may send an email to privacy@opennms.com. If OpenNMS learns of a security breach, we will notify you in accordance with applicable law.
Compliance & Cooperation with Regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data Transfers
Your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We transfer your Personal Information from the European Union to the United States in accordance with standard contractual clauses we entered into.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
EU Residents
If European Union (EU) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can exercise your right to request access to, update, remove, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service. Please email privacy@opennms.com to exercise these rights.
We process your information for the purposes described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
With your consent
We ask for your agreement to process your information for specific purposes like sending emails, and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
When we’re pursuing legitimate interests
We process your information for our legitimate interests while applying appropriate safeguards that protect your privacy. This means that we process your information for things like:
Providing, maintaining, and improving OpenNMS Offerings to meet the needs of our users.
Developing new products and features that are useful for our users
Understanding how people use our OpenNMS Offerings to ensure and improve their performance
Customizing OpenNMS Offerings to provide you with a better user experience
Marketing to inform users about our OpenNMS Offerings
Providing advertising to make many of our OpenNMS Offerings freely available for users
Performing research that improves our OpenNMS Offerings for our users and benefits the public
When we’re providing a service
We process your data to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract. For example, we process your information in connection with your licenses to the OpenNMS Offerings.
When we’re complying with legal obligations
We’ll process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so, for example, if we’re responding to legal process or an enforceable governmental request.
California Residents
California law permits individuals who provide OpenNMS with Personal Information and who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of Personal Information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes.
OpenNMS does not, at this time, disclose Personal Information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. If OpenNMS changes this policy, we will update this provision and provide instructions on how you may make a request for details concerning such information.
Changes and Updates to this Privacy Policy
These policies may be amended from time to time. Your continued use of any OpenNMS Offering that incorporates this Policy will signify your acceptance of such amendment.
How to Contact Us
Please contact OpenNMS with any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, your Personal Information, our use and disclosure practices, or your consent choices through at privacy@opennms.com.
Retrieved from "https://wiki.opennms.org/wiki/index.php?title=OpenNMS:Privacy_policy&oldid=21694"
Navigation menu
Personal tools
Log inRequest account
Namespaces
Project pageDiscussion
Variants
Views
ReadView sourceView history
More
Search
Get OpenNMS
Main PageReleasesOther DownloadsGitHub ProjectSourceForge ProjectUpcoming Events
Get Help
About Using This WikiOfficial DocumentationFAQsWhite PapersDiscussion ListsCommercial Support
Get Involved
Development HomeReport a BugOpenNMS ChatBrowse Source CodeAPI docsXSD docs
Get to Know Us
Order of the Green PoloOpenNMS Store
Tools
What links hereRelated changesSpecial pagesPrintable versionPermanent linkPage information
This page was last edited on 24 May 2018, at 20:54.
Content is available under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike2.5 License unless otherwise noted.
Privacy policy
About OpenNMS
Disclaimers