http://wink.com/help/faq
arrow-leftarrowcartcheckdownloadfacebookhelphub-2hubinstagramloginlogo-minilogomenuplayrelayrobot-happyrobotscroll-upscrolltwittervimeoxFAQProduct SupportContactSubscriptionAbout WinkGetting StartedUsing WinkSecurityShippingReturnsWhy is Wink switching to a subscription service?Maintaining and developing the Wink platform is costly. Unlike companies that sell user data to offset costs associated with offering free services, Wink has relied solely on the one-time modest fee derived from hardware sales. This modest subscription fee will allow us to continue to provide you with the functionality that you’ve come to rely on in addition to continued development, customer support, plus new integrations and app features. You can sign up for the Wink Subscription service by going to subscription.wink.comHow do I manage my Wink Subscription?You can update your Wink Subscription service by going to subscription.wink.com. There you can update your Payment Method, change your password, or cancel your subscription.Will I be able to access my devices if I don’t subscribe?If you don’t subscribe you will only have access to local control from the Wink app for switches, lights, and locks that are already connected directly to your hub. You will not be able to control your devices when you are not on your local WiFi network, use Alexa or Google Home or any API devices.How much does it cost?The Wink Subscription service costs $4.99 USD per month and does not require any contract.Does Wink store my Credit Card information?To protect the card holder, Wink does not have access to your Credit Card information. All transactions are handled and stored by Stripe, our trusted payment processor.After my monthly subscription begins, when will my credit card get charged?Your credit card will be charged every month from the day that your first Wink subscription payment is charged. For example, if you subscribed on January 15, your next payment will be February 15, then March 15, and so on.Is the $4.99 subscription in US or CA currency?The Wink subscription is $4.99 per month in US dollars.What types of payments do you take?We currently can accept most types of credit cards and debit cards. This includes pre-paid credit cards for anyone who prefers their convenience.Do you accept PayPal?At this time, we are unable to accept PayPal as a payment method.Do you have an upgrade program?Unfortunately we’re not able to offer an upgrade program at this time. With a Wink subscription, the original Wink Hub and the Wink Hub 2 will continue to be supported as they always have, with new features and partner products.What happens if I cancel my subscription?If you decide to cancel your Wink Subscription, your subscription will remain active through the end of your monthly billing cycle. At that time, you will no longer be charged and will only have access to local control when your Wink App is on your local Wifi for a limited set of switches, lights and locks. .How do I unsubscribe and cancel my subscription?If you have an active Wink subscription, you can unsubscribe via the subscription portal.Log into subscription.wink.comUnder the Subscriptions section, select “Manage Subscription”.Select the “Cancel Subscription” link.What happens when I resubscribe to Wink?When you restart your Wink Subscription, you will regain access to the devices and automations on your Wink Account and will be charged $4.99 USD at the beginning of each billing cycle.Why do I see “Postal code incomplete” during Wink Subscription signup?Once you input your credit card information, you should be prompted to provide the Zip Code associated with that card. If you are not seeing this field appear after inputting your credit card, please try using a different browser or device.Why did I receive a credit card declined message when signing up?If you are receiving a declined card message when trying to sign up, we recommend contacting your credit card provider for more information. The secure payment system we use does not provide Wink Customer Support with any personal details or reasons for the decline.Do I need to subscribe even if I use the Wink App without a Wink Hub?Yes, you will. A Wink Subscription is required to access any products, integrations, services or automations used through the Wink App.Do I need to subscribe if I only use the Wink Relay?Yes, you will. A Wink Subscription is required to access any products, integrations, services or automations on your Wink Account.Will I need a Wink Subscription for every Wink Hub I own?No, a Wink Subscription is associated with your Wink account, not the Hubs on the account. If you have several Wink Hubs connected to your Wink account’s email address, they will all receive the same benefits of an active subscription.Will the shared users on my Hub also need to subscribe?Yes, each Wink Account will need an active subscription to continue using the Wink service.Can shared users with a Wink Subscription control devices on a Wink Hub if the main account owner hasn’t subscribed?If a shared user has an active Wink Subscription, they will be able to control the devices shared with them, even if the primary account holder of the Wink Hub does not have a subscription.Will I lose my devices if I don’t subscribe?You will lose access to devices within the Wink App that do not have local control, but Wink will not remove these devices from your Wink Account. If you choose to subscribe to Wink in the future, you will regain access to all of the devices on your Wink Account.Will I lose my automations if I don’t subscribe?Automations will be disabled for non-subscribed accounts. When you choose to subscribe to Wink, all schedules & robots will return to the state they were previously set to.Will my Wink Hub and smart devices be “bricked” if I don’t subscribe?No. You will still be able to use the Wink app for local control to switches, lights and locks that are connected directly to your hub while you are on your local WiFi network. You will lose access to voice control, API, and your automations (Robots, Schedules, Shortcuts, etc). If you subscribe at a later time, these features and automations can be reactivated, provided you did not delete them.Will my sensors work without a Wink Subscription?No. All sensors must first detect or “sense” something like motion, light, smoke, or sound. This information is then sent to the Wink Servers where an automation will process the trigger and activate a notification, or a more complex sequence of events setup by you. Because all automations are a premium service, sensors will require an active Wink Subscription to fully function.Will I lose voice control with my Amazon Echo (Alexa) or Google Home (Assistant) if I don’t subscribe?Yes, you will lose voice control of your devices if you choose not to subscribe.Will 3rd party services or integrations continue to work if I do not subscribe?No, a Wink Subscription is required to use any 3rd party service or integration (IFTTT, Yonomi, wink@home, etc). that connects to your Wink Account.Will I be able to control my devices on Local Control without a subscription?Yes, you will be able to control a limited set of switches, lights and locks that are connected directly to your hub with the Wink App while your phone is on your local WiFi network. Voice control, API, and your automations (Robots, Schedules, Shortcuts, etc) will be disabled.Will you be offering additional features in the future?Absolutely! We are planning new features within both the iOS and Android apps and will be sharing updates regarding these in the near future.How do I reset my Wink Hub and delete all devices?If you no longer wish to have your devices connected to your Wink Hub and you are not a subscriber, please contact us using the email address that is currently registered to your Wink account. If you are already a subscriber, you must first cancel your Wink subscription here, and then you can contact us. In the body of the message, please include the name of the Wink Hub, and explicitly state that you want it factory reset and all Hub connected devices removed. This action will unpair all of the hub-connected devices from your Wink Hub.If I don’t update my Wink Hub or the Wink app, will I need to subscribe?Because we test and audit the security of our platform regularly, we make updates to the Wink app and Hub to ensure the privacy and security of your smart home, and recommend you update your system when one is available. That said, whether or not you update your system, most of Wink’s services will be disabled if you choose not to subscribe. If you subscribe at a later time, these features and automations can be reactivated, provided you did not delete them.How do I delete my Wink Account?For your account security, please contact us through our Webform using the email address that is currently registered to your Wink account. You will need to explicitly state which account you want removed by writing out your Wink email address in the body of your message. Once we have this information, we will confirm when your request has been processed successfully. If you no longer have access to the email address that is registered to your Wink account, then you will need to reach out to your email provider to regain access.Can my family control the Wink app on their own devices?The way our subscription system is currently set up, customers would have to pay a separate fee for each family member’s account. That said, we are currently investigating ways of handling multiple users and shared devices for the future. In the meantime, as a subscriber you have the option of logging into multiple trusted devices with your Wink account. Each device should be able to control your Wink smart home without any issues.How do I reset my password?Log out of the Wink app via the top left side of the home screen and tapping the user settings icon (gear on iOS, face on Android). Tap My profile” and scroll down and tap the option to Log Out”. Scroll through the start screens until you reach the Login / Create account” section. Select Login and underneath the email/password fields is a “Forgot Password” link. Pressing the “Forgot your password” link will allow you to send the reset instructions to the email address you used when you set up your Wink account.How do I update my Wink profile and email address?From the Wink app home screen, tap the user settings icon (gear on iOS, face on Android). Select “My Profile” and you will see several fields including your name, email address, and phone number. Update your information, then put in your current Wink password and tap “Update Account”. If you change your email address, you’ll need to confirm the new one by going to the email account, and clicking the confirmation link. Changes will then be saved in the Wink app.Which devices will I be able to control locally without subscribing?HUBSWink HubWink Hub 2Wink Relay Touchscreen ControllerLIGHTING:GE Link Connected LED BulbsConnected Cree LED BulbSylvania Smart Tunable WhiteCommercial Electric Smart LED DownlightSYLVANIA SMART RGBWHampton Bay Smart LED Flush MountSylvania RGB GardenspotSylvania Smart A19 Soft WhiteHalo Wireless Retrofit LED DownlightSengled Element Classic LEDSengled Element Plus LEDDIMMERS, SWITCHES AND OUTLETS:Leviton Decora Smart In-Wall DimmerLeviton Decora Smart Plug-in OutletLeviton Decora Smart Plug-in DimmerLeviton Decora Tamper Resistant In-Wall ReceptacleLeviton Decora Smart In-Wall SwitchLutron Caseta In-Wall Dimmer and PicoLutron Caséta In-Wall DimmerLutron Caseta Plug-In Dimmer and PicoLutron Caseta Plug-In DimmerQuirky+GE Tapt Light SwitchQuirky+GE Outlink Smart OutletLutron Caseta In-Wall On Off SwitchGE PLUG-IN SMART DIMMERGE PLUG-IN SMART SWITCHGE PLUG-IN OUTDOOR SMART SWITCHGE IN-WALL SMART OUTLETGE IN-WALL SMART SWITCHGE IN-WALL SMART DIMMERGE IN-WALL SMART TOGGLE SWITCHGE IN-WALL SMART DIMMER TOGGLE SWITCHGE IN-WALL SMART FAN CONTROLDome Plug-In SwitchSmartThings OutletIris Smart PlugLOCKS:Kwikset SmartCode 910 Electronic DeadboltSchlage Connect Century Touchscreen DeadboltSchlage Connect Camelot Touchscreen DeadboltSchlage Keypad Lever with Z-wave TechnologyYale Key Free Touchscreen DeadboltYale Key Free Push Button DeadboltHow do I unsubscribe from Wink newsletters?If you would like to stop receiving newsletters and marketing from Wink, you can click the Unsubscribe link found at the bottom of the individual emails. This will remove you from the list.What is Wink?Wink is the simpler, smarter home. We bring hundreds of products from 50 trusted brands together in a single mobile app, so you can easily monitor, control, and automate your smart home, no matter where you are.What can I do with Wink?As little or as much as you want! There’s no wrong way to use Wink - we encourage people to integrate their smart home within their daily lives based on what works for them.Here are a few common feature functionalities you’ll find within the Wink app:Individual product control: Every product you connect with Wink shows up on the home screen of the app. From there, if you want to check the status of a product, simply select it, and adjust as needed. Perfect for those times when you’re not sure if the door is unlocked or hallway light is left on!Schedules: Want all your smart lights to turn on or off at specific times? You can create a Schedule within the app for individual products or groups of products and sync when they’re on or off. The possibilities are endless - you can have your porch light turn on at sunset, or have all the house lights automatically turn off 30 minutes after you leave for work.Shortcuts: Shortcuts let you control multiple products with one swipe in the Wink app. For example, a “Welcome Home” Shortcut could be created to turn on your hallway lights, unlock the front door, and adjust the thermostat all at once.Robots: Robots let you program products to work together automatically based on triggers, such as location or activity. For example, you could create a “Safety” Robot that triggers your lights to turn on automatically if smoke is detected to help you wake up and exit your home quickly.What makes Wink unique?Wink’s focus is on bringing together the best products from the most trusted brands to elevate what’s possible with the smart home. If a product adds value to the Wink ecosystem and our users, we will absolutely look for ways to integrate it regardless of who the manufacturer is.We also designed our platform to be simple, flexible, and easy-to-use. By partnering with trusted brands, you can pick and choose from hundreds of products that make sense for your lifestyle. Want to make your entire home smart? Go for it! Just want to connect a lightbulb or two? That’s also great. We want your Wink smart home to be perfectly synced with how you live your life.What are the Wink Hub and Wink Hub 2 and why do I need one of them?The Wink Hub is a product that consolidates the different technologies (protocols) found in smart home products into one, so that you can control them all from the Wink app.It’s compatible with Bluetooth Low Energy (LE), Kidde, Lutron Clear Connect, Wi-Fi, Z-Wave, and ZigBee, which are the protocols found in the majority of leading smart home products.Wink Hub 2 - our next generation Wink Hub - includes an improved Bluetooth LE radio and a Thread-capable radio for future support. It’s slimmer in design and connects easier to your home network. For more information on the differences, check out the Wink Hub 2 FAQ page.What is a protocol?Smart home products use radios to send and receive information, which is what enables them to connect wirelessly to each other and to your Wink app. They send and receive that information through protocols - which are a set of standards and rules (it can be helpful to think of a protocol as a language).Every smart product uses some type of protocol, the more common and popular of which include ZigBee, Z-Wave, Wi-Fi, and Bluetooth LE. Each one has its own unique benefit. Z-Wave, for example, uses a small amount of power and has a long range, which makes it great for products like door and window sensors.Because the products that people like from the brands they trust don’t all use one protocol, we created the Wink Hub. The Wink Hub and its next generation Wink Hub 2 translate all of those different protocols into one, so that your Wink app can be easily used to monitor, control, and automate your products.What is Wink Relay?Wink Relay is a touchscreen control panel that’s tailored to you. It replaces a traditional light switch on your wall and runs the Wink app to provide a central location through which you can monitor, control, and automate your smart home.Wink Relay is compatible with Wi-Fi and ZigBee, which means it can serve the same purpose as the Wink Hub for products that run on those technologies. Products that use Bluetooth LE, Z-Wave, Lutron ClearConnect, and Kidde will require the Wink Hub or Wink Hub 2 in order to connect with Wink Relay.Where is Wink available?Wink supports users in the United States and Canada.Wink Hub 2 is available at Wink.com and partner retailers such as Amazon.com, The Home Depot, and The Home Depot Canada while supplies last.The original Wink Hub is available at Wink.com and partner retailers such as Amazon.com, The Home Depot, and The Home Depot Canada while supplies last.Wink Relay is available at Wink.com and partner retailers such as Amazon.com, The Home Depot, and The Home Depot Canada while supplies last.The Wink app is available for free download from the iTunes App Store and Google Play.How much does Wink cost?The Wink app is available for free download from the iTunes App Store and Google Play.Wink Hub 2 is available for $99 on Wink.com. The Wink Hub is available for $69 on Wink.com while supplies last. Wink Relay is available for $99 on Wink.com.Wink is available as a $4.99 monthly subscription with no long-term contracts.Which mobile platforms does Wink support?Wink currently supports iOS 9.0 or later and Android 4.0 or later. The Wink app is available for free download from the iTunes App Store and Google Play. Wink also supports Apple Watch and Android Wear, so you can control your smart products from your wrist.Can I access Wink from my computer, mobile web, or browser-based platform?Not at this time. We currently support apps for iPhone, iPod Touch, Apple Watch, Android Mobile, and Android Wear. You can also control all of your smart products with Wink Relay or use your voice to control them with Amazon Alexa.Does Wink work with Amazon Alexa?Yes. We’ve partnered with Amazon Alexa so you can use your voice to control smart products around your home with a Wink Subscription. Right now you can control all of your Wink-compatible lighting products, Wink-compatible Locks and Wink-enabled Thermostats through Alexa, and we’ll be adding additional product categories and features over time.Does Wink work with IFTTT?Yes. The Wink Shortcuts channel on IFTTT enables you to activate Wink Shortcuts through IFTTT triggers. For example, if you use a Jawbone UP to monitor your sleep activity you can set up a recipe in IFTTT that tells your Wink-compatible lights to turn off and the thermostat to adjust automatically when your UP goes into Sleep mode.IFTTT can also be used with Wink Relay. The two buttons to the right of the Relay touchscreen can be turned into triggers for the many automations enabled by IFTTT. Read more about how to get started here.Is Wink compatible with Apple HomeKit?Not at this time. We would like to support HomeKit when that becomes possible for multi-brand platforms. Please stay tuned for further updates.Where can I find out which products work with Wink?You can find the full list of Wink-compatible products at www.wink.com or in the “Add A Product” menu within your Wink app. We are continually working to add more products to the Wink platform from the brands you trust and rely on everyday.What does it mean if a product is “Wink-certified?”Products that carry the Wink seal are certified to ensure a smooth experience and comprehensive customer support. We work with these brands to design simple interactions, test their products on the Wink platform, and integrate customer support services.Other products that utilize Z-Wave and ZigBee for communication may connect with the Wink Hub and Wink Hub 2 and feature basic support, but may not be fully optimized within the Wink app. We are continually working to expand compatibility with leading brands and products.Where should I locate the Wink Hub or Wink Hub 2 within my home?The Wink Hub should be located at least 15 feet away from any other Wi-Fi device (including your router). We recommend you locate Wink Hub 2 a similar distance away from other Wi-Fi devices and routers, if you wish to connect Wink Hub 2 using Wi-Fi.Position your Hub in a centralized location that minimizes the distance between the Hub and your connected devices.Stone, tile, mirrors, and large metal surfaces tend to interfere with wireless communication. Try to avoid placing your Hub in locations that put surfaces like these between the Hub and your connected devices.if possible, locate your Hub in an open space at least 3 feet above the floor. Avoid cabinets when possible.Range is very environmentally dependent, but a typical residential installation may experience range up to 50 feet.How do I connect a product to the Wink app?We’ve worked hard to make sure the setup process for all Wink-compatible products is as easy and intuitive as possible.Connecting your product to Wink takes place in the app. Selecting ‘Add a Product’ within the app shows you all the different categories of products that are compatible with Wink. From there, you can either scan the barcode of your product, search for the product in the Search bar, or find the product within the category it falls in. For example, Chamberlain can be found within the Garage Doors category.Detailed step-by-step instructions will then surface within the app to guide you along the setup process.If you have additional questions, visit our Product Support page for in-depth setup information on each Wink-compatible product.Am I able to connect a product that isn’t supported by Wink?Possibly. Z-Wave switches, lights, locks, and sensors should connect to your account, as should ZigBee lights. We cannot guarantee full functionality with Wink for products that are not officially supported.Can I have multiple users on my Wink account or give access to my products?Yes. You can give access to specific products to other users. You determine who has access and which products others can access. As the master account user, you can add, edit, or remove their access at any time. If you delete a product from your shared account, the other users will lose access to it, but it will not be removed from the master (your) account.How much Wi-Fi bandwidth does Wink require?Wink uses a very limited amount of Wi-Fi, under 20 mbs per month, which is comparable to any other connected device.Will the Wink Hub / Wink Hub 2 connect to a 5GHz network?The Wink Hub will only connect to a 2.4GHz network.Wink Hub 2 includes an improved Wi-Fi radio that connects with both 2.4GHz and 5GHz networks. Wink Hub 2 can also connect via Ethernet.How much battery does the Wink app use? Is there a way to limit it?In general, the Wink app doesn’t require any more or less battery power than other mobile apps.The Wink app does have a feature called “geo-fencing” that allows products to turn on automatically when you get close to home and shut off when you leave. Since this feature uses the GPS on your phone to tell your products when to turn on or off, it uses more battery. If your phone battery is low or you wish to conserve battery usage, turn off geo-fencing for smart schedules (the Wink app needs to be running in the background for this to work).If I encounter issues with a Wink-enabled product or the Wink app where do I go for assistance?Our support hours are 10am to 6pm EST. You can contact us through our Webform or you can reach out with Twitter or Facebook if you prefer social media. To expedite your questions, be sure to email us from your Wink account email address or include it in the message.Can I control my products remotely?With an active Wink Subscription, you can access, control, and automate your Wink-enabled products from the Wink app wherever you are, as long as you are connected to the Internet or mobile data. Free Wink accounts will only have access to locally controlled devices.Does it cost me anything to control my products remotely?Yes, Wink is an affordable $4.99 monthly subscription to use your system. The Wink app is free to download from the app store.What are Robots?Robots are a simple way to automate your home to run on its own. With a few taps in the Wink app, you can program your products to work together automatically based on triggers, such as location or activity. For example, you could create a “Safety” Robot that triggers your lights to turn on automatically if smoke is detected to help you wake up and exit your home quickly.What are Shortcuts?Shortcuts can be created within the Wink app and let you control multiple products with one tap. For example, a “Welcome Home” Shortcut could be created to turn on your hallway lights, unlock the front door, and adjust the thermostat all at once.What are Schedules?Schedules in the Wink app are very similar in function to an auto-timer. You can create a Schedule that automatically turns on the downstairs lights at sunset, or one that turns off the kitchen lights 30 minutes after you leave from work.What happens if my wireless network connection and power go out?The Wink Hub and Wink Hub 2 require power and a wireless network to control your smart devices. If you lose power and your wireless network connection, you will still be able to manually control devices that do not require electricity (e.g. battery-powered front door locks). However, you will not be able to control them via the Wink app. Once the power and wireless network are restored, your Wink Hub and compatible devices should automatically reconnect.What happens if my Internet goes out?If your account does not have a current Wink subscription, as long as you have power and your phone is connected to your home’s wireless network, you can use Local Control with Wink Hub-connected lighting products and door locks. Internet access is not required to control these devices locally.If your account has an active Wink Subscription and you lose Internet access, you will still have local control as long as you have power and your phone is connected to your home’s wireless network. Once your Internet access is restored, you will regain remote control of your Wink Hub and all connected devices automatically.What is local control?Typically, when you control a device through the Wink app, your phone sends a command signal to your wireless router, which then communicates with Wink’s server in the cloud. Your signal is then sent back through your wireless router to your Wink Hub / Wink Hub 2, which then sends your command signal to the device.Local control removes Wink’s cloud server from the equation, so your phone can talk directly to your Wink Hub using your home’s wireless network.Local control currently works with Wink-compatible, Hub-required lighting products and door locks. If your account has an active Wink Subscription and you own a Wink Hub 2, you also have the ability to locally control advanced home automations, such as Robots and Schedules, for increased reliability and speed.Is there a maximum number of products that the Wink app can support?While this question seems straightforward it can get a bit technical.Short answer: Wink is designed to allow you to add many smart products around your home, and you can add hundreds of products to the Wink Hub or Wink Hub 2 and control them from your Wink app.Long answer: The Wink Hub and Wink Hub 2 support a variety of protocols to communicate with the different types of smart products around your home. The limit varies by protocol. For example, the Wink Hub can control 230 different Z-Wave products so it is safe to say your Hub can control hundreds of products around your home.How do I update my Wi-Fi information in the Wink app after buying a new router or changing my network password?You can change your Wi-Fi information in the Wink app at any time. Open the Wink app and select the “Hub” icon on the main menu. Then, select the “Gear” or “Settings” icon for iOS devices and “…” for Android devices. Select the name of your Hub from this menu and scroll down to “Wi-Fi” on the “Hub Settings” menu that opens. Please note, your Wink Hub must be flashing purple in order to update the network settings.Is Wink secure?We take our users’ privacy and data security very seriously, and we regularly examine our practices to ensure that they exceed industry standards. We adopt security measures that include certificate pinning, encryption, two-factor authentication for all system administrators, and regular security audits. We also encourage our users to secure their wireless networks and adopt strong passwords.For more information about our approach, visit our Security page.How secure are the products in the Wink ecosystem?Wink is constantly working with top security researchers around the world, as well as each of our partners to improve the security of our devices and the devices we connect with. Making our products more secure is not a one-time event. It’s a constantly evolving process that we are committed to continually improving.How will my Wink Hub and devices stay secure and up-to-date?Wink is constantly testing and auditing the security of our system. We make frequent updates to the Wink platform to ensure it is safe and secure. Regardless of whether you have an active Wink Subscription or a free account, we will automatically push critical updates so you don’t have to worry about it.How can I help protect my home network?Wink works to make security a priority, but there are also things you can do at home to help secure your home network and smart products.Always update your smart products when new software and firmware are available. It is important to always keep the software on your connected products up to date. These updates not only give you new features, but help keep your products secure.Use strong passwords for your connected products.Make sure the password for your Wi-Fi network and your Wink account are at least 16 characters and contains uppercase and lowercase letters, numbers, and symbols. This suggestion applies to any passwords you create for other accounts.Use unique passwords for each of your online accounts - social media, email, etc. This ensures that if one account is compromised, the impact on the others will be mitigated.Utilize the “guest network” feature on your wireless router. If friends or family request access to your wireless network while they visit, use your router’s guest network feature instead of giving them access to the network that connects all of your smart products. While access to that network will not grant them access to your connected home, it keeps your network more protected.Make sure your wireless network is secured with a modern security encryption like WPA2-PSK. WPA2-PSK is the modern standard for network security and replaces the deprecated, and insecure, WEP encryption. Unfortunately, some routers are still installed with WEP as the default security scheme. WEP networks can often be identified by the network password; if your password is exactly 10 or 26 characters long and only contains hexadecimal characters (0-9 and a-f) it is likely your network is configured with WEP security. For security purposes, you should convert your network security to WPA2-PSK. Refer to your router’s instruction manual for details on how to do this.What access does Wink have to my products?Wink can see the devices you have paired to your account, the firmware version you are running, and the names you have assigned to your devices. Wink does not have access to any passwords or user codes for locks.Most orders ship within 5 business days. Once your order ships you will receive a confirmation email with tracking information. Ground shipping is free for orders delivered within the continental US, but limited only to the Wink Hub 2, Wink Bright, Wink Door/Window Sensor, Wink Motion Sensor, Wink Siren & Chime, and Wink Look Out. If there are other products in your cart during checkout, shipping charges will apply to those products. Please note that we ship orders only when all items are in stock. Orders will be held if there is an item that is not currently in stock.We use cookies to understand how you use our site and to improve your experience. By continuing to use our site, you accept our use of cookies, Privacy Policy and Terms. Learn moreGot it!