https://winsoft-international.com/legal-notice/
Skip to content
By reading and continuing to use this website you agree to the following conditions of use.
This site is managed by Vocaza SAS (formerly WinSoft). Limited Joint Stock Company capitalized at €625 240 with head office at 55 avenue Alsace Lorraine, 38000 Grenoble – FRANCE registered with the RCS at Grenoble, France under number 334 148 293.
Disclaimer
Vocaza (formerly WinSoft) makes every effort to ensure that information on this website is accurate and up-to-date. However, we cannot accept responsibility for any loss or inconvenience caused by reliance on information on this site.
Links to Third-party websites
Vocaza (formerly WinSoft) is not responsible for any third-party websites that may be accessed through this website. Vocaza does not endorse the content contained in these third-party websites, nor the organizations publishing those sites, and hereby disclaims any responsibility for such content.
Use of Information
We and our partners will only use information about you or your business/organization for direct marketing purposes if you give consent for us or our partners to pass information about you or your business/organization to any other person or organization for marketing purposes.
We may use information about you or your business/organization for the purposes of analyzing how our services are used and how we may improve our services in future. Any information we use will be converted into a form in which we cannot identify you, and will be kept strictly confidential.
Our Partners
We work with a number of partners, so that they can provide you with appropriate information about goods or services which may assist you in your business/organization location plans.
Accessing Your Records
If at any stage you would like to check information we hold about you, please contact us at dpo@vocaza.com. Please mark your email, “Subject Information Access Request”.
We will take the necessary action within a reasonable time. We reserve the right to take reasonable steps to confirm your identity before making any disclosure of information held by us.
Security
We use a number of technologies and operational procedures to protect data submitted to us by our users. Physical security of data on our equipment is provided by a combination of firewalls, website authentication services and data encryption.
Transmission of Data
Whilst we have taken all reasonable steps to ensure that information about you or your business/organization will be kept secure from unauthorized access we cannot guarantee that the information will be secure during transmission by you to this website.
If you access this website from a country outside the European Economic Area (EEA) and view information about you or your business/organization held by us, this will involve transferring that data to the computer you are using to access the website. You should be aware that the country in which you are viewing the information may have less stringent data protection laws than countries within the EEA.
Privacy Policy
Protecting your privacy is important to Vocaza (formerly WinSoft). We strive to keep your personal information confidential. By ensuring that you are aware of and understand the Vocaza Privacy Policy, we can provide you with better service.
Please take a moment to read the following policy to learn how we handle your personal information.
Collection of personal information
You can browse most pages without providing any personal information. In connection with other activities such as technical support, the beta program, product activation, registration, or purchase, Vocaza (formerly WinSoft) may ask you to provide certain information about yourself by filling out and submitting an online form. It is completely optional for you to engage in these activities. If you elect to participate in these activities, Vocaza will ask you to provide some personal information, such as your first and last name and email address. Depending upon the activity, some of the information that we ask you to provide is identified as mandatory and some as voluntary. If you do not provide the mandatory data with respect to a particular activity, you will not be able to engage in that activity. Similarly, if you wish to delete your information that is mandatory, you will no longer be able to engage in a particular activity.
Updating your personal information and privacy preferences
You have access to your personal data at any time. This may be accomplished by linking to your account via “my information”, where you can view and make changes to your personal information. You may also access and correct your personal information and privacy preferences by writing us by regular mail and by including a copy of your identity card (mandatory).
Entities collecting personal information
Personal information on this Site is collected on behalf of Vocaza SAS (formerly WinSoft), who is responsible for this site. Vocaza SAS’s address is
55 avenue Alsace Lorraine
38000 Grenoble
France
+33 4 38 02 22 00
Also please note that Vocaza (formerly WinSoft) is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of any non-Vocaza web sites to which this site or any other Vocaza web site may link.
How your personal information is used
Vocaza (formerly WinSoft) collects your information in order to record, support and facilitate your participation in the activities you select. For example if you subscribe to or register your product, the information is used to register your rights. Your personal information is also used to track customer preferences and keep you informed about product upgrades, special offers, and other products and services distributed by WinSoft International.
If you have any questions about our use of information about you or your business/organization, please do not hesitate to contact us.