https://wintask.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy policy
Your privacy is important to us. By participating in the Council of Better Business Bureau’s BBBOnLine® Privacy Program we have made a commitment to meet the programs’ strict requirements regarding how we treat your information and have it verified by BBBOnLine. Further information about this program is available at http://www.bbbonline.org.
Our site is a safe environment for anyone who visits and purchases. We are committed to providing you the best possible online service and experience as well as the best products. The purpose of this policy statement is to fully share with you a complete description of what we collect, how we use that information, and how you can access or correct your information.
What Information Does WinTask.com Collect, and How is it used?
When you visit the WinTask.com site, we collect some basic information that does not identify individual users. This includes which pages are visited, types of products purchased, and any feedback from our visitors. We then aggregate this information with other pieces of information to improve our site and make your experience on the site as valuable and efficient as possible.
On some pages, you can order products, make requests, and register to receive unlock codes. The types of personal information collected at these pages are:
First and last name
Organization name
Billing address
Shipping address(es)
Country
Email address
Phone number
Credit card account number
Titles of items you purchase from us
The Way We Use Information
We use the information you provide about yourself when placing an order only to complete that order, to send you our newsletter and to use it internally for statistical reasons. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
Credit Card Processing and Security
Shopping with WinTask.com is absolutely safe – you never have to worry about credit-card safety when you are shopping at our site. We guarantee that each purchase you make is protected and safe.
WinTask.com uses the services of Avangate or Paypal to provide the highest level of secure online transactions. Your credit card information cannot be read as it travels to their ordering system. Avangate/Paypal maintains their own privacy and security policies but are restricted from using this data in any way other than to provide services for WinTask.com.
All information you enter in the Avangate/Paypal order form will be shared with WinTask.com in order to send you the unlock code for the software. This does not apply for your credit card information. We never get your credit card number.
How You Can Access Or Correct Your Information
You can access all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain by sending us an e-mail with your name and the unlock code for the WinTask product you purchased. Except, as explained above or in the “Credit Card Processing and Security” section, your credit information is not maintained.
You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows error.
Our Commitment To Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Other
By using the WinTask.com site, you consent to the collection and use of your information by WinTask.com as described in this policy. Any legal disclaimer statements (i.e., terms and conditions, etc.) on our website and in our software do not negate the promises made in the privacy policy.
WinTask.com fully cooperates with law enforcement agencies in identifying those who use our services for illegal activities. We reserve the right to release information about members who we believe are in violation of our content guidelines. We also reserve the right to report to law enforcement agencies any activities that we reasonably believe to be unlawful.
WinTask.com wants you to be aware that when you click on links that take you to third-party web sites, you will be subject to the third parties’ privacy policies. While we support the protection of privacy on the Internet, WinTask.com cannot be responsible for the actions of third parties. We encourage you to read the posted privacy statement whenever interacting with any web site.
We welcome comments and questions. Please contact us at info@WinTask.com.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this.ACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.