https://wonderlic.com/legal-matters/
Skip to content
Legal matters
(It's a double entendre)
Merely meeting regulations is for rookies.
To help you go above and beyond, Wonderlic goes further than what’s required... and does what is best. That goes for employers and candidates. No one gets left behind, no one gets excluded. We’re all about fairness here.
Diversity and Inclusion (or D&I for all the pros out there) are at the core of our mission. Driving the conversation on how to reduce bias, Wonderlic is at the forefront of utilizing predictive hiring data in a manner that prioritizes D&I. We continue to invest heavily in research to reduce bias and level the playing field- because it’s the only way to build your highest performing teams.
Brought to you by your favorite acronyms:
For all the people
Employers must be able to prove that any hiring processes used to find applicants are job-related. It’s the law and it just makes sense. Wonderlic has employers covered when it comes to job matching. The tools we offer for hiring professionals are all part and parcel of a fair (and therefore compliant) hiring process.
Here’s the sticky wicket:
It’s difficult for organizations of any size to create a rigorous, standardized hiring process that also incorporates enough customization to be relevant to every job opening available. That’s where we come in. Wonderlic assessments are engineered to be fast and easy to use for employers, without sacrificing the measurement of job-centric qualifications.
WonScore test results are tied directly to a specific job description. Job-specific scoring allows a fair comparison across any role. Plus, the criteria used to evaluate candidates is related only to essential job components. By leveraging the Department of Labor's O*NET database, we’ve mapped positions by combining the most comprehensive job information with our own extensive normative data.
Wonderlic: Defender of Justice
With federal and state regulations like Title VII (Civil Rights Act of 1964) and the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, there are legal and ethical guidelines that influence how our assessments are created. The EEOC enforces laws that prohibit discrimination on the basis of age, race, ethnicity, sex, nationality, or religion. We’re proud to follow those regulations with perfect precision.
Wonderlic's team of research scientists adhere to all legal and ethical guidelines in test development. We understand that selection decisions impact multiple people during the hiring process, including applicants and current employees. The result is we’re enabling our customers to add objective, valid, and fair assessments to their hiring checklist- creating an easier, more effective process.
Cite-seeing (because we did our research)
There are several landmark US Supreme Court cases that shaped the
interpretation of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 (which means they affected the
role and proper use of employment tests):
Griggs v. Duke Power Company
The first case in which the Court ultimately ruled that job-related tests (including any tools used in selection decisions) and other employment procedures are legal and useful. But- they must be both professionally developed and able to demonstrate a relationship with job performance. Like ours.
Albemarle Paper Co. v. Moody (1975)and Washington v Davis (1976)
The Supreme Court further clarified the term job relevance. In other words, employers have to prove that the assessments they use to analyze candidates are justified. That means they’re relevant to job and business necessity. Hiring professionals have to prove that the test is relevant, reliable, and fair; and provide evidence that their tests predict job performance equally well across all candidates.
Let WonScore guideyour hiring compass
Contact us
We use cookies to offer you a better browsing experience and to analyze site traffic. By continuing to use our website, you consent to the use of these cookies. Got itPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are as essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
Scroll to Top