http://word2cleanhtml.com/about#privacy
Convert Word documents
to Clean HTML
Word2cleanhtml cleans up HTML pasted from Word documents. It
applies filters to fix various things that Microsoft Office puts in
its HTML and gives you a well formatted result that you can paste
directly into a web page or content editing system.
Your Privacy
All documents converted to HTML are secured in transit via TLS.
The HTML conversion process is completely automated and nothing is stored on the server.
We never see your document and no copy is kept of your data.
We use Google analytics to help us monitor usage. Personally
identifiable information, for example your IP address, is
excluded.
If you file a bug report then the details you choose to include
(your email, and optionally a copy of your document) is emailed
to us. We only use this information for the purpose of diagnosing
and fixing bugs on this site.
Help! Where have my fonts/colours/effects gone?
Most formatting information is stripped out, leaving just the
content and the structure (headings, paragraphs, lists etc).
This is intentional. The way Microsoft Word adds font and colour
information is generally not appropriate for web or ebook
publishing. If you are going to use the HTML in a website you
should create separate stylesheets that add the styles you want.
Is there a desktop/offline/app version?
I don't have the resources to produce and support a desktop version
at the moment.
Who can I contact about the site?
My name is Olly Cope and I maintain this site.
You can contact me if you have any questions or comments about this site.
I'm also a web developer specializing in Python.
You can find out about hiring me as a freelance Python developer here.
How can I donate?
Word2cleanhtml is a free service and I'd like to keep it so. If you would like to say thanks, you can make a small contribution to the author of this site.
Contribute whatever you feel this is worth to you. Most people give around $15
$10$15$20$50$70
other
homeaboutapicontact© 2007–2020 Olly CopePython Web Development by Olly CopeDesign and illustration by Aurore LefevrePrivacy