http://worthwhile.com/privacy_policy/
Privacy PolicyWorthwhile knows that trust must be earned and that breaking trust ruins a relationship. Your relationship is important to us. This notice describes our privacy policy. If you have any questions, please don’t just stop by reading this document. You can contact us using this form.What personal information about customers does Worthwhile.com gather?The information we receive is collected with the customer in mind and done in accordance with industry standards. We use this information to personalize and improve your experience. Here are the types of information we gather.Information You Give Us: We receive and store any information you enter on our website or give us in any other way. (Below, we list examples of what we collect.) You can choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of our features. We use the information that you provide for purposes such as responding to your requests and communicating with you.Automatic Information: We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us. For example, like many websites, we use “cookies.” (Below, we provide examples of the information we receive through cookies.)E-mail Communications: We do not compare your information with customer lists of other companies, nor do we share our list with other entities. If you do not want to receive e-mail or other mail from us, please adjust your Customer Communication Preferences.What About Cookies?Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer's hard drive through your web browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser.The “help” portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. However, cookies allow you to make the most of your experience, and we recommend that you leave them turned on.How Secure Is Information About Me?We work to protect the security of your information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts sensitive information you input.It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer. Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer.Automatic InformationExamples of the information we collect and analyze include the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet; login; e-mail address; password; computer and connection information such as browser type and version, operating system and platform; purchase history; the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) clickstream to, through and from our website, including date and time; and cookie number.Newsletter SignupGet Worthwhile Insights in your inboxEmail Address *First NameLast Name* indicates required