https://wpstation.com/privacy-policy/
Menu
Home
About
About Us
Portfolio
Testimonials
Refund Policy
Contact Us
Book Consultation
Support
Home
About
About Us
Portfolio
Testimonials
Refund Policy
Contact Us
Book Consultation
Support
PRIVACY POLICY
Updated January 14, 2019
When you’re visiting WP Station, we don’t want you to worry that we will misuse the information you share with us about yourself. It is important to us that all of our customers understand what information we gather about them, how we use it, and how we work to protect it. By using the WP Station service and this website, you consent to the information practices described in this policy. Keep in mind that your use of the WP Station service is also subject to, and controlled by, the WP Station Terms of Service Agreement.
Our Commitment To Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our home page and throughout our site in the bottom footer.
The Information We Collect:
Personally Identifiable Information is information that can be used to locate you, contact you, or determine your specific identity. When other information is linked to Personally Identifiable Information, it also becomes Personally Identifiable Information.
WP Station collects Personally Identifiable Information from you in several ways:
1) When you register for the WP Station Service, we ask you for basic registration information, such as your name, company, address, email address, phone, fax, and other basic contact information (“Registration Information”).
2) When you place an order or subscribe to a product through the WP Station service, we may collect the appropriate billing information, including your credit card number, expiration date, and billing address (“Billing Information”).
3) We may ask you for voluntary personal information at other times, including but not limited to when you provide opinions, enter a contest or promotion, or report a problem with WP Station service (“Optional Information”).
4) When you submit a request for more information or assistance, WP Station will keep a record of the request and the manner in which it was processed (“Customer Service Information”).
In addition to the collection of Personally Identifiable Information, we may also automatically receive and record information in our server logs from your browser, including your IP address, your computer’s name, the type and version of your web browser, referrer addresses, and other generally-accepted log information. We may also record page views (hit counts) and other general statistical and tracking information. This information will not be not be associated with your Personally Identifiable Information.
Cookies
We absolutely collect no cookies or write cookies to your machine in any way.
The Way We Use Information
We use the information you provide about yourself to provide web design, web hosting and Search engine services. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete your request for our services. WP Station reserves the right to reveal this information pursuant to a valid subpoena or court order.
We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive for tech support, customer service, web and email updates. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
Our Commitment To Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
All online credit card transactions are performed only on secure servers through a secure SSL connection.
Service Providers
WP Station may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service, to provide the Service on our behalf and to perform Site-related services (“Service Providers”). The types of Service Providers we use include, without limitation, service providers that provide the following types of services: credit card transaction administration, accounting, customer relationship management, webcasting, website maintenance, database management, web analytics and web and live chat hosting. Our Service Providers have access to your Personal Information only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Our Commitment To Children’s Privacy
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13.
Third-Party Websites
This website may provide links to third-party websites. Any such links are provided solely as a convenience to you. WP Station has no control over these websites or their content and does not assume any responsibility or liability for these websites. WP Station does not endorse or make any representations about these websites, or any information, materials, or products found thereon. If you access any of the third-party websites linked on this website, you do so at your own risk.
How You Can Access Or Correct Your Information
At any time, you may later review or update the personal information we have collected online from you by contacting us by phone.
To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, the home page, and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.
We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time, so please review it frequently. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of a notice on our home page.
How To Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please use our contact us form.
Affordable Website Maintenace Contact us Today
GoNow!
Contact Us Now
What We Offer Website Designs
Website Relocation
Monthly Maintenace
SEO Marketing
Website Hosting
Logo Design
Live Chat Monitoring
Our Clients Include Corporations
Sole Proprietors
Small-Business Owners
Non-Profit
Professionals
Individuals
Home Business
WP STATION Business Websites
Landing Pages
Non-Profit Websites
Band Websites
Author Websites
Counseling Websites
Restaurant Websites
More … Inspection Websites
Pest Control Websites
Locksmith Websites
Membership Websites
Niche Websites
Sales Pages
Custom Forms
Copyright 2003- 2020 WPSTATION | All Rights Reserved
Home
FAQs
Portfolio
Refund Policy
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Book Consultation