http://www.barcodefactory.com/solutions/terms
Home » Solutions »
Terms and Conditions - The Barcodefactory
Terms of Use
Paragon Print Systems, Inc. – The BarcodeFactory
Introduction and Hours of Operation
Use of Paragon Print Systems Websites
Your Privacy
Products - Stock and Custom
Warranty
Orders
Damage in Shipping
Returns
Sales Tax
Limitation of Liability
Status
Compliance with Law
IMPORTANT NOTE - Shipping In North America Impacted by COVID-19
The coronavirus pandemic has disrupted supply chains and impacted logistics infrastructures around the world. FedEx and UPS, along with all other carriers, have suspended shipping guarantees until further notice. We will work diligently to process orders in a timely manner. Delays caused by diminished warehouse processing capacity or carrier actions are beyond our control. FedEx and UPS will not refund for missing Next Day Air or 2nd Day Air shipments, so we will not be able to refund either. Delays in shipping can also be caused by a reduction in staff due to COVID-19, natural disasters, weather, and holiday season spikes in traffic. If you need your product Next Day or 2nd Day, contact us and talk to us to discuss the best shipping options for your location. BarcodeFactory products ship from our warehouses, and also our manufacturers' warehouses. All have been impacted by COVID-19. Thank you for your patience.
1. Introduction and Hours of Operation
Paragon Print Systems Inc., "The BarcodeFactory", headquarters is located at 2021 Paragon Drive, Erie, Pa 16510. Since 1994, our solutions increase productivity and reduce cost, with world class products and partner relationships.
We provide solutions for mobile data capture, RFID, Barcoding, Inventory management, label printing and more. We provide tremendous manufacturing capabilities in custom and stock labels, thermal ribbons, tags, RFID solution and printed
products. We are certified partners for manufacturers that are global leaders in their businesses including Zebra Technologies, Honeywell, Sato, TSC, Cub, Toshiba, Datalogic, Alien Technologies, Impinj, Panasonic, Seagull Scientific
and much more.
You can contact us at 1.888.237.8525. Our staff is available Monday through Thursday 8:30 am to 8:00 pm Eastern Standard Time, (EST) and Friday from 8:30 am to 6:30 pm EST.
Updates:
We may update these "Terms of Use" from time to time by notifying you of such changes by any reasonable means, including by posting a revised "Terms of Use" through printed documentation or Paragon Print Systems,
Inc. websites.
2. Use of Paragon Print Systems Sites
You certify that the Content you provide verbally, written, via email, on or through the Paragon Print Systems, Inc. website is accurate and complete. You are solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality and security of your
account including username and password. Paragon Print Systems, Inc. is not responsible for any losses arising out of the unauthorized use of your account.
3. Your Privacy
At Paragon Print Systems, Inc. we are committed to protecting your privacy. We use the information we collect about you to process orders only. We do not sell, trade or rent your personal information to others. How does Paragon Print Systems,
Inc. protect customer information? When you place orders or access your account information, we use a secure server. The secure server software, (Transport Layer Security or "TLS"), encrypts all information you input before
it is sent to us. Furthermore, all of the customer data we collect is protected against unauthorized access.
4. Products - Stock and Custom
The website may make available listings, description and images of products and services by Paragon Print Systems, Inc. or by our manufacturing Partners. We make no representations as to the completeness, accuracy, reliability, validity,
or timeliness of such listings, descriptions or images (including any features, specifications and prices contained on the website). Such information and the availability of any Products are subject to change at any time without notice.
We will do our very best to meet price quotations, but if there is a change, we will contact you immediately.
We have made efforts to accurately display the attributes of Products, including the applicable colors. However, as the actual colors you see will depend on your monitor, we cannot guarantee that your monitor's display of any color
will accurately reflect actual product color or finish. In addition, certain weights, measures and similar descriptions are approximate and are for convenience only.
Our custom products are manufactured by skilled craftsmen using the finest materials, equipment and modern techniques available. Close personal attention is given to your order to assure it conforms to your copy, specifications and our
own high standards. Your order is inspected at every stage of the production process to assure the desired results. We therefore, warrant all merchandise to be free from defects in material and workmanship and will promptly replace
any unsatisfactory items.
For made to order printed products, a proof approval by the customer is required prior to production. Printing errors on proofs approved by the customer are the customer's responsibility. Paragon Print Systems, Inc. does not guarantee
exact color matches, unless a color match proof is requested prior to manufacturing. Any claim must be made within 30 days of receipt of the product. Our warranty is limited to replacement of defective merchandise returned and approval
is required prior to return of merchandise.
Over-run or Under-run of Made to Order Printed or Blank Products (Custom):
Paragon Print Systems, Inc. reserves the right to ship and invoice plus or minus 10% of the quantity ordered and will invoice accordingly for such overage or underage. If exact quantities are required, this specification must be disclosed
at the time of order and an additional charge may be applicable.
5. Warranty
We sell NEW EQUIPMENT, with the manufactures North American warranty. Our clients are protected from "grey market" products entering the USA. Our products have the full support and warranty from the original manufacturer and
also our team of professional support technicians.
UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED, WE PASS ON THE MANUFACTURER'S ORIGINAL WARRANTY, and DO NOT PROVIDE ADDITIONAL WARRANTY PROTECTION UNLESS ORDERED AS EXTENDED SERVICE.
6. Orders
$45 Minimum Order Value:
Minimum Order Value is $45.00 (USD, excluding shipping and handling costs). Our shopping cart may accept your order below $45.00 but we reserve the right to place your order on hold to discuss your order or project. We are happy to
discuss specialized or long-term product/service requirements, orders or agreements at any time and customers are encouraged to call us at our toll free number 888.237.8525 and speak directly with a BarcodeFactory.com Customer
Service Representative.
International Shipments/Right of Refusal:
Paragon Print Systems, Inc., "The BarcodeFactory", complies with International trade laws. We retain the right to refuse any order to remain compliant with these laws. All overseas orders will require a special freight quotation.
Paragon Print Systems, Inc. retains the right to refuse any order at the discretion of the management of Paragon Print Systems, Inc., "The BarcodeFactory".
Resellers:
Certain products are available to resellers at special discounts. Contact Paragon Print Systems, Inc. for details or price quotes. We are required by some manufacturers to provide products only to end users and we will fully comply
with these requirements.
Payment Method:
All charges are in US dollars. Paragon accepts all major credit cards. We also can establish your company on open terms after your first order and the completion of an approved credit application. Credit applications can be downloaded
at the link below or you may email, (sales@barcodefactory.com) or fax us (fax at 814.456.7905), your standard credit references including bank and at least three business references.
Download our Credit Application For here
Paragon Print Systems, Inc. has no responsibility should you use another individuals credit card or a company credit card, without approval from the individual or company, prior to placing your order.
Returned Checks:
When a check is returned by a bank due to insufficient funds, a stop payment order or a closed account notice is sent to the customer informing them of the returned check. A hold is placed on your account until payment is made in full
on the returned check, plus any additional bank fees.
Shipping to Residential Addresses and Non Business Related Address:
We require a proof of delivery to non-commercial or residential addresses. All residential addresses will ship "Signature Required". If you sign a signature release for your address allowing drivers to leave packages unattended,
or elect to allow a carrier to deliver by signing the carriers permission to deliver document, Paragon Print Systems, Inc. is not liable for damaged or lost goods. We require a signature to protect our clients from stolen goods,
or goods that can be identified as damaged in shipping. We will ship only to addresses specifically related to your business. We reserve the right to refuse shipments to Motels, Hotels, Rental Offices, UPS Stores or any business
where we can not verify the business relationship to the buyer.
7. Damage in Shipping
Paragon Print Systems, Inc., "The BarcodeFactory", takes every reasonable precaution to ensure that the products are not damaged during shipping. However, damage to products can occur during travel from our shipping facility
to homes or businesses. Loss or damage that occurs during shipping by a carrier selected by Paragon Print Systems, Inc. is the responsibility of Paragon Print Systems, Inc. Loss or damage that occurs during shipping by any carrier
selected by you the customer is your responsibility. Notify Paragon Print Systems, Inc. in case of any damaged or missing items from your order within three days after product is received. Filing a shipping damage claim can be a complicated
and a lengthily process. Please allow thirty (30) to forty-five (45) days for these claims to be settled. If you suspect damage to your shipment as it is being delivered to you, please notify the carrier immediately. You have the right
to refuse the shipment. Should you choose to refuse the shipment, small package or freight, you must have the deliverer/driver indicate the nature and extent of the damage on the delivery receipt. The carrier will return the shipment
to Paragon Print Systems, Inc. If damage is not noticed until after delivery, please take pictures of the damage, keep product in the original or damaged packaging or on the skid, as the delivery carrier may require an inspection of
the damaged product prior to settling any claim. If you sign for the package or freight and later find damage, your claim will be denied. You signed and accepted the product damaged and did not notify the driver.
8. Returns
Return Policy Page
Our professional staff is available to review your requirements before you order. In the event that your needs change, or you did not understand the features of the equipment that was purchased, we will make every effort to satisfy your
requirements. Prior to returning any purchased item, you are requested to contact our Customer Service Department or your BarcodeFactory.com sales representative with details of your request. Returned items purchased within thirty
(30) days are eligible for refund, less 15% of the original purchase price, excluding shipping.
Hardware Return:
Returns for Hardware must be made within 30 days of purchase. All original packaging and all materials that were included with the product, must be included with the return or Paragon Print Systems, Inc. will not accept the return
for a full credit.
The product must be returned in new condition to receive a refund. The dollar amount of the refund may be reduced if the items are not returned with original contents and original shipping containers, as the containers will have to
be replaced.
All returns require a Return Authorization Number (RMA), prior to returning the product. Any equipment received without a Return Authorization Number will not be accepted. Contact us by email or phone to begin a RMA.
Software Return:
Software that is opened is non-returnable.
Stock Labels and Ribbons Return:
A return for stock labels and ribbons may be returned within 30 days of purchase if the label or ribbon is unopened and unused. Paragon Print Systems, Inc. will be glad to assist you in finding the correct label and ribbon size for
your printer in advance of your order. Call us to speak to a professional media expert. We can also send out free test samples for most stock media.
Made to Order Products:
Returns on Made to Order Products, Custom Products including custom labels, printed materials, made to order hardware or software are non-returnable. Paragon Print Systems, Inc., "The BarcodeFactory" provides proofs, CAD
drawings, direct and indirect sales and support, samples and a consultative approach to insure the product works for your application.
Exceptions by Manufacturer:
The following exceptions are by manufacturer and are in addition to the above requirements of returns and return authorization process.
TOSHIBA printers and printer parts are non-returnable for any reason other than manufacturer defects.
CAB Printers and all CAB printer parts require a 15% restocking fee for any return for any reason other than manufacturer defects.
TACH-IT products non-returnable.
Avery/Novex printers and print heads are non-returnable for any reason other than manufacturer defects.
Epson Color Works printers are non-returnable for any reason other than manufacturer defects.
Any hardware item that is determined to have defects by the manufacturer, can be returned or exchanged within 30 days of purchase, but must have all original packaging, all original materials in the box. For assistance or details on returns,
contact your sales representative via e-mail or calling 1-888-237-8525.
9. Sales Tax
Items sold by Paragon Print Systems, Inc. and shipped to certain states, may be subject to tax.
How Sales Tax is Calculated:
The amount of tax charged on your order depends on many factors including the identity of the seller, type of item or service purchased, the time and location of fulfillment and the shipment or delivery address of your order. These factors
can change between the time you place an order and when delivery is complete. As a result, the tax calculated on your order may change; therefore, "Estimated Tax" is displayed at check out when forming an order. The amounts
displayed as estimated tax may then be updated later when your order is finalized and completed.
The tax rate applied to your order will be the combined state and local rates of the address where your order is delivered to or fulfilled from. However, the destination of your order's delivery will often determine if tax is applicable.
For example, it you live in a state that does not impose a sales tax, you may still see tax calculated on your order if shipped to another state. Moreover, the tax rates applied to your order may also be different for a variety of
reasons, such as a shipment to a residential home versus a business address. Also, please note, the total selling price of an item will generally include item-level shipping and handling charge and item level discounts. These charges,
if applied at an order level, may be allocated to the individual items in an order.
Paragon Print Systems is not required in all states to collect sales and use tax. If tax has not been calculated on your order, that does not mean that you do not have to remit use tax in your state. You need to check with your states
Sales Tax Office to determine if you are required to remit Use Tax on the items that you have purchased.
Tax Exempt Certificate:
If you have a current tax-exempt certificate, for your state and for the item(s) you are purchasing, please contact Paragon Print Systems, Inc. "The Barcodefactory" toll free at 888.237.8525 to discuss your order.
Notices to Consumers required by your state to disclose:
Pennsylvania
The sales tax rate applied to your order will be the combined state and local rates of the address where your order is shipping to.
Colorado
Paragon Print Systems, Inc. is not required to and does not collect Colorado Sales or Use Tax. Under Colorado law, purchases are not tax-exempt merely because they were made over the internet or because a seller is not required to
collect Colorado Sales Tax. Colorado law requires Colorado purchasers to review untaxed purchases and, if any tax is owed, file a Colorado Use Tax Return and pay any tax due.
Vermont
Sales and Use Tax is due on certain purchases delivered or sourced to Vermont State. Vermont Tax requires a Sales or Use Tax Return to be filed and tax to be paid on a non-exempt purchase made when the sales tax is not paid at the
time of purchase.
Washington
Sales and Use Tax is due on certain purchases delivered or sourced to Washington State. Washington requires you to file a Use Tax return when sales tax is not paid at the time of purchase. This message is required under the Revised
Code of Washington 82.13.020(2)(a)(i).
10. Limitation of Liability
In no event shall either party be liable hereunder for incidental, special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages even if advised in advance of the possibility for such damages and vendors total liability for damages under this agreement
and the order shall be limited to the total fees due hereunder for the invoice upon which a claim is based.
11. Status
Buyer and Supplier are separate entities. Nothing in the Order or this Agreement shall be construed as creating an employer-employee or joint venture relationship.
12. Compliance with Law
Each party shall comply with state, federal and local laws and regulations applicable to its performance hereunder.
Rev. 12/2018
Support
Terms of Use
More Questions?
Contact Us
Call
1-888-237-8525
X
Modal title