https://www.boldonjames.com/terms-and-conditions/
Terms And ConditionsBoldon James LtdTerms & Conditions
Welcome to the Boldon James website (the ‘Site’). By using the Site, you agree to follow and be bound by the following terms and conditions concerning your use of the Site (‘Terms of Use’) and our Privacy Policy. We may revise the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy at any time without notice to you.Areas of the Site may have different terms of use posted. If there is a conflict between these Terms of Use and terms of use posted for a specific area of the Site, the latter shall have precedence with respect to your use of that area of the Site.
1. Use of Web Site InformationYou may download, view, copy and print documents and graphics incorporated in these documents (the ‘Documents’) from the Site subject to the following:
(a) the Documents may be used solely for personal, informational, non-commercial purposes;(b) the Documents may not be modified or altered in any way. Except where your use constitutes ‘fair use’ under copyright law, you may not otherwise use, download, upload, copy, print, display, perform, reproduce, publish, license, post, transmit or distribute any information from this Site in whole or in part, without the express written permission of Boldon James.
2. Use of SoftwareAny use of trial software and accompanying documentation you download from the Site is subject to the terms of a software license agreement between you and Boldon James. You must read the license agreement and indicate your agreement to its terms prior to installing or using the software. All rights, title and interest not expressly granted are reserved.
3. Use of Forums and Public Communication‘Forum’ means a discussion group, chat area, bulletin board, news group, blog, wiki, letter to Boldon James, its webmaster or employees, e-mail function, or other service in connection with which you can upload, email, post, publish or otherwise transmit content. You agree not to upload, email, post, publish or otherwise transmit through a Forum any content that:
(a) is false or misleading;(b) is defamatory;(c) is harassing or invades another’s privacy, or promotes bigotry, racism, hatred or harm against any group or individual;(d) is obscene;(e) infringes another’s rights, including but not limited to intellectual property rights;(f) constitutes unsolicited bulk e-mail, ‘junk mail,’ ‘spam’ or chain letters; or(g) violates any applicable laws or regulations.
Forums shall be used in a non-commercial manner only. You shall not distribute or otherwise publish any content containing a solicitation of funds, promotion, advertising, solicitation for goods or services, or other commercial matter. You agree not to solicit other users of the Site to use or join or become members of any commercial online or offline service or other organisation. Except where expressly authorised by Boldon James, you agree not to collect or store personal data about other users.By uploading, emailing, posting, publishing or otherwise transmitting content to any Forum or submitting any content to Boldon James, you automatically grant (or warrant that the owner of such rights has expressly granted) Boldon James a perpetual, royalty-free, irrevocable, non-exclusive right and license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, transmit and distribute such content on in any form, medium, or technology now known or later developed. In addition, you warrant that all so-called moral rights in the content have been waived.
4. Passwords and SecurityYou are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of any password(s) you are given to access the Site, and are fully responsible for all activities that occur under your password(s). You agree to notify Boldon James immediately of any unauthorised use of your password(s).
Boldon James is concerned about the security of personal information we have collected from you and has taken reasonable steps to prevent unauthorised access to that information.
5. Termination of UseYou agree that Boldon James may, in its sole discretion, at any time terminate your access to the Site and any account(s) you may have in connection with the Site. Access to the Site may be monitored by Boldon James.
6. Third Party Web Sites, Content, Products and ServicesThe Site provides links to websites and access to content, products and services from third parties, including users, advertisers, affiliates and sponsors of the Site. You agree that Boldon James is not responsible for the availability of, and content provided on, third party websites. You should refer to the policies posted by other websites regarding privacy and other topics before you use them.
You agree that Boldon James is not responsible for third party content accessible through the Site, including opinions, advice, statements and advertisements, and understand that you bear all risks associated with the use of such content. If you choose to purchase any products or services from a third party, your relationship is directly with the third party. You agree that Boldon James is not responsible for: (a) the quality of third party products or services; and (b) fulfilling any of the terms of your agreement with the seller, including delivery of products or services and warranty obligations related to purchased products or services.
You agree that Boldon James is not responsible for any loss or damage of any sort you may incur from dealing with any third party.
7. DisclaimerExcept where expressly provided otherwise, the Site, and all its content, materials, information, trial software, products and services provided, are provided on an ‘as is’ and ‘as available’ basis. Boldon James expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind, whether expressly or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. Boldon James makes no warranty that:
(a) the site will meet your requirements;(b) the site will be available on an uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free basis;(c) the results that may be obtained from the use of the site or any services offered through the site will be accurate or reliable;(d) the quality of any products, services, information, or other material purchased or obtained by you through the site will meet your expectations.
Any content, materials, information or software downloaded or otherwise obtained through the use of the Site, is done at your own discretion and risk. Boldon James shall have no responsibility for any damage to your computer system or loss of data that results from the download of any content, materials, information or software.
Boldon James reserves the right to make changes or updates to the site at any time without notice.
8. Limitation of LiabilityIn no event shall Boldon James be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special or consequential damages, or damages for loss of profits, revenue, data or use, incurred by you or any third party, whether in an action in contract or tort, arising from your access to, or use of, the site.
Some jurisdictions do not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability. Accordingly, some of the above limitations may not apply to you.
9. IndemnityYou agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Boldon James, its officers, directors, employees and agents from and against any and all claims, liabilities, damages, losses or expenses, including reasonable legal fees and costs, arising out of or in any way connected with your access to or use of the Site.
10. Privacy PolicyBoldon James is concerned about your privacy and has developed a policy to address privacy concerns. You can find this policy here.
11. Note About ChildrenMinors are not eligible to use the Site, and we ask that they do not submit any personal information to us.
12. Export Restrictions/Legal ComplianceYou may not access, download, use or export the Site, or the content, software, products or services provided on the Site in violation of U.K. export laws or regulations, or in violation of any other applicable laws or regulations. You agree to comply with all export laws and restrictions and regulations of any UK or foreign agency or authority, and not to directly or indirectly provide or otherwise make available the services and products of Boldon James in violation of any such restrictions, laws or regulations, or without all necessary approvals, including, without limitation, for the development, design, manufacture or production of nuclear, chemical or biological weapons of mass destruction.
As applicable, you shall obtain and bear all expenses relating to any necessary licenses and/or exemptions with respect to your own use of the services of Boldon James outside the U.K.
Neither the services of Boldon James nor the underlying information or technology may be downloaded or otherwise provided or made available, either directly or indirectly, (i) into Cuba, Iran, Libya, North Korea, Sudan, Syria or any other country subject to U.K. trade sanctions, to individuals or entities controlled by such countries, or to nationals or residents of such countries other than nationals who are lawfully admitted permanent residents of countries not subject to such sanctions; or (ii) to anyone on the U.K. Treasury Department’s list of Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons or the U.K. Commerce Department’s Table of Denial Orders.
By agreeing to these Terms of Use, you agree to the foregoing and represents and warrants that you are not located in, under the control of, or a national or resident of any such country or on any such list.
13. Applicable LawsAll matters relating to your access to, and use of, the Site shall be governed by U.K. law. Any legal action or proceeding relating to your access to, or use of, the Site shall be instituted in a UK court of law. You and Boldon James agree to submit to the jurisdiction of, and agree that venue is proper in, these courts in any such legal action or proceeding.
14. Copyright/Trademark InformationCopyright © 2018 Boldon James. All rights reserved.The Boldon James logo and product names are registered trademarks of Boldon James Ltd. Other names appearing on the Site may be trademarks of their respective owners and are acknowledged.
15. Contact InformationBoldon James welcomes your comments regarding these Terms of Use. If you have any questions regarding these Terms of Use or the Site, please contact us on info@boldonjames.com or in writing at:
Website Terms of UseBoldon James Ltd1 Westmere CourtWestmere DriveCrewe Business ParkCreweCheshireCW1 6ZE