http://www.cybersoft.com/about/privacy/
MyCybersoft
Privacy Policy
CyberSoft Operating Corporation is serious about protecting your privacy. Therefore, we felt it was important to disclose
our privacy practices for our main and product web sites. Visiting most pages will not result in or require any personal
information to be given. This document will further discuss when information is gathered and how it is used.
General Web Site
In order to better develop our websites, and track the success of web search or banner advertising, there is some general
information stored about you. This information is stored in a systems log file and contains no personal identifiers.
Information that is obtained is as follows.
Domain from which you access the internet.
Time and date you accessed our web site.
The link of the internet address that brought you to our web site.
Browser Type
And, web pages visited.
This information is obtained for internal statistical purposes only. The collected information is then used to determine how
people are being referred to our site, what information is most/least useful, and
will identify any problem or performance
areas in our site designs
Information Request Forms
CyberSoft Operating Corporation requires consumers to supply valid information such as Company, Name, Phone, and E-mail
address before providing evaluations, product pricing, or technical support. This is done primarily as a mechanism to 1.)
Semi-validate the requestor (although, we understand people can place false information here). 2.) Obtain some method of
following-up a download to aid in evaluation, or purchasing, through one of our partners. If, after the follow-up, the consumer
determines they do not want to enter into a business relationship with CyberSoft Operating Corporation, they may request
to be marked as "Do not contact". This will ensure that contact database is marketed appropriately and the consumer will not
receive solicitations in the future. The consumer may re-initiate communication by submitting a new request, through an online
form, on one of our websites or by a phone request. This information is NEVER used in a bulk-marketing list, promoting our
products. This information may be provided to resellers, distributors, and global offices for the purpose of providing high
quality localized service.
Policy For Individuals Under 13 Years Of Age
No information should be submitted to, or posted, at the CyberSoft Operating Corporation website by anyone under 13 years of age,
without the consent of their parent or guardian.
Marketing Opt-in List
CyberSoft Operating Corporation may, in the future, decide to provide a double opt-in marketing list for interested consumers.
This list will be a separate form with a confirmation check box defaulted to "off". Upon address submission you will be
temporarily added to a list server, which will then send a confirmation e-mail. If there is not confirmation within a specified
period of time, typically 72 hours, the address will be removed from that list. Information obtained from this opt-in list
will be used to periodically send promotional e-mails about new products, product enhancements, or special offers. At any
time a subscriber can "opt-out" of further mailings at which time all of their information will be removed from that database.
Subscribers can also change or correct personal information via an e-mail request to the server.
Registered Customer Information
In order to provide optimal service to our registered customers, CyberSoft Operating Corporation may send e-mail notifications
regarding new definitions, product patches, or product updates. Registered users can be removed from further notifications by
contacting support@cyber.com, or by going to your settings in MyCybersoft. Privacy of our customers is our number one
concern, and this list will never be shared, sold, or bartered.
Third-Party Links
CyberSoft Operating Corporation is not responsible for the content or privacy policies of websites to which it may link.
Security of Personal Information
We have implemented several mechanisms to protect your information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. Secure Socket
Layer(SSL) protocol is used to transmit sensitive information, such as credit card numbers, for online purchases through a
respected channel partner. Information obtained from forms is also stored on controlled servers with limited access.
Information is also offloaded frequently, from servers, to internally accessed storage servers. We do not keep credit card numbers
stored on our servers after purchase.
Privacy Statement Enforcement
If you have any questions or comments regarding this statement please contact CyberSoft Operating Corporation by e-mail. Or,
you may mail us at the address below:
CyberSoft Operating Corporation
Attn: Web Privacy
1958 Butler Pike
Suite 100
Conshohocken, PA 19428