http://www.neuratron.com/privacy.htm
PRIVACY STATEMENT
This privacy statement applies to:
Neuratron Limited
71 New Dover Road
Canterbury
Kent CT1 3DZ
United Kingdom
webmaster@neuratron.com
We respect your privacy. This is why we have taken the time to disclose our information collection practices and our privacy policy. Please take the time to review this document. Our privacy policy representative, David Dawe, may be contacted by using the contact details above.
Personal information we collect about you
When you contact us, register software with us, or place an order with us by email, phone or post, we may collect and store personal information that you give to us (such as your name and address).
When you place an order through our website, you are redirected to a secure page on WorldPay’s website for the purpose of payment. WorldPay handle all credit card payments on our behalf and, once payment has been processed, forward the following personal information on to us:Name,
Address,
Telephone number,
Email address,
IP address.
Your credit card details are not forwarded to us and we have no access to that information.
Our websites automatically log your IP address and domain name.
What we do with your personal information
We collect and store your personal information so that we can do the following (which constitute our legitimate interests, our legal basis for processing your personal data):Process your orders;
Verify your identity so that we can check that you are eligible for technical support, upgrades, and special offers;
Contact you by post or email about technical support, upgrades, and occasionally other related products and services that we think will be of interest to you;
Help us administer our websites and compile statistics such as the number of visitors (based on your IP address, domain name, and non-personal information such as the web browser you are using);
Prevent fraud;
When necessary, disclose information to the authorities concerning possible criminal acts or security threats.
Unless legally obligated to do so, we will not give personal information about you to anyone else without first gaining your consent.
In order to maintain the above legitimate interests, we will store your personal information until you request that we stop doing so.
Your rights
You have the right to request access to the personal information we hold about you and the right to request that your personal information be rectified, erased, or that we restrict what we do with it. You also have the right to object to your personal information being processed. We will comply with all such requests/objections without charge unless they are unfounded or excessive (e.g. needlessly repetitive).
We aim to keep the information we hold about you as accurate as possible. If any information about you changes (e.g. you change email or postal address), please contact us.
If you are unhappy with our privacy policy or have any complaints concerning it, please contact our privacy policy representative via the contact details at the top of this page.
You have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority such as the Information Commissioner’s Office. This can be done from the following page of their website:
https://ico.org.uk/concerns/
Our websites
Our websites automatically log your IP address and domain name (see above), and non-personal information such as the type of web browser you are using, to help us administer the sites and to compile statistics such as the number of visitors.
Our websites use cookies to make them easier to use, for example to remember your country and provide country-specific content. These cookies do not store any personal information and we do not use them in any way that could be used to identify you. Cookies are optional, and you can block or delete them. However, some parts of our websites (e.g. the downloads page) will not work without them.
It is not possible for a cookie stored by us to be read by any other company's website, nor can a cookie read information from your computer that you have not already provided us with.
Our websites have security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of information. All online ordering transactions are protected by SSL encryption.
Our websites contain links to other sites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites.
Opting out
If you provide us with your email address but don't want to receive information from us by email, just follow the unsubscribe information which we include in our email mailings. Otherwise, if you don't want us to send you information by post or email, please contact us.
Scanning, recording and
transcribing copyright music without permission is illegal.
Copyright © 1999-2020      Neuratron Ltd
Last modified: November 24, 2018