https://www.align.com/legal
Legal and Privacy
Introduction
Align recognizes that respecting user privacy over the Internet is of utmost importance. This privacy statement is designed to provide information about the privacy and data collection practices for the site www.align.com. The Site is operated by Align Communications, Inc.
If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement, you should first contact us at info@align.com or by calling +1-212-207-2600.
Information Collected Automatically
When you visit our Website, we automatically log information about your visit that does not identify you personally. We can tell the type of computer, browser, and Web service you are using. We also know the date, time and pages you visit.
Identifying Information
In general, you can visit the Site without telling us who you are or providing any information about yourself. You are not required to register or supply any personally identifiable information in order to view any of the pages on the align.com website. Information that you provide Align by filling in forms will not be traded, shared, rented, sold or given away to any third parties.
Third Party Links
Align.com does provide links to other sites. Other Internet sites and services have a separate privacy and data collection practices. Once you leave align.com, Align Communications, Inc., cannot control, and has no responsibility for, the privacy policies or data collection activities at another site, including any personally identifiable information provided to such third party sites for registration or any other purpose.
Cookies
At times we may send your computer a “cookie”. We do not use cookies to retrieve any personal information from your computer. You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or indicate when a cookie is sent.
Changes to this Policy
Align.com may from time to time revise its privacy policy. You should therefore periodically visit this page, so you are aware of any such revisions. We will not, however, use your existing information in a manner not previously disclosed.
Trademarks and Copyrights; Content
Trademarks, logos and service marks displayed on this Site are registered and unregistered trademarks of Align and their customers, licensors or other third parties. All of these trademarks, logos and service marks are the property of their respective owners. Nothing on this Site shall be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use any trademark, logo or service mark displayed on the Site without the owner’s prior written permission, except as otherwise described herein. Align reserves all rights not expressly granted in and to the Site and its content. This Site and all of its content, including but not limited to text, design, graphics, interfaces and code, and the selection and arrangement thereof, is the property of Align, its licensors or content providers, and protected as a compilation under the copyright laws of the United States and other countries.
Copyright infringement: Notice and Procedure for Reporting Claims
Align respects the intellectual property of others, and we ask you and all of our Website users, affiliates, licensors and suppliers to do the same. We take claims of copyright infringements seriously, and will respond to notices of alleged copyright infringement that comply with applicable law. If you believe any materials accessible on or from this Site are your copyrighted work and have been used in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, you may request removal of those materials (or access thereto) from the Website by submitting written notification to Align Legal Department.
All written notices are to be sent to:
Align Communications, Inc.Attn: Legal Dept.55 Broad Street, 6th FloorNew York, NY 10004
Jurisdiction and Applicable Law
The laws of the State of New York govern this Privacy Policy and Legal Disclaimer and your use of the Site, and you irrevocably consent to the jurisdiction of the courts located in the city of New York for any actions arising out of or relating to this Policy. We recognize that it is possible for you to obtain access to this Site from any jurisdiction in the world, but we have no practical ability to prevent such access. This Site has been designed to comply with the laws of the State of New York and of the United States. If any material on this Site, or your use of the Site, is contrary to the laws of the place where you are when you access it, the Site is not intended for you, and you should not use the Site. You are responsible for informing yourself of the laws of your jurisdiction and complying with them.
Legal Disclaimer
This website and its content, which may be modified from time to time, are subject to a• Trademark and copyright notice• Legal disclaimer• Privacy statement (above)And maintained for informational purposes only enhancing public access to information about Align, a Premier Global Provider of Infrastructure Technology Solutions.
If you do not agree with these legal notices, please do not use the website.
1. No Representations or warranties – While Align has made great efforts to include accurate and up-to-date information and links, such information and links on this website are provided as a convenience to you on an “as-is and as-available” basis. Align makes no representations or warranties of any kind, either expressed or implied, including but not limited to warranties of title, non-infringement, merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose, in relation to the availability, accuracy, completeness, reliability or content of this website.2. No Liability – Align disclaims any liability for the use of this website or any websites linked to it and shall not be liable in any manner whatsoever for any direct, incidental, special, indirect, punitive or other consequential damages arising out of your access, use or inability to use this website or any website linked to from this site, or any errors or omissions in the content thereof, including, but not limited to viruses, that may infect your computer equipment, or any loss of business, profits, data or use.
Align may change this website at any time without notice but does not assume any responsibility to update it. All users agree that all access and use of this website and on any website linked to from this site and the content thereof is at their own risk.