http://www.idmark.com/security-labels/privacy.html
Welcome to Dantech - ID Mark
and Asset Labels
Secure, Track and Identify your Property
with Dantech Asset Labels
ID Silver Mark
The stencil labels are made from a special material which CANNOT be removed in one piece and it will break into small pieces if removal is attempted. Even if the label is forceably removed the text will glow visible if viewed under an UV lamp, as used by the police, to identify your property.
ID MARK
A permanent visual security marking system that can be used with confidence on most platics and other porous surfaces. It is a stencil system that comes with a marking compound which enables you to permanently mark most items. It is applied using precision cut stencils produced on high-tech machines that enable volumed orders to be produced with ease.
ID Trakamark Security Plates
A theft deterrent and aid to recovery. Solid aluminium plates with industrial strength adhesive makes it near impossible to remove that plates with damaging the equipment. The plates are printed with a text of your own choice and we recommend including a warning message indicating that the equipment is traceable by the police plus telephone number to contact your company if recovered or left behind in a taxi, train or hotel.
Privacy PolicyWho Are We?
Dantech is a company registered in England. At Dantech ensuring the security of our client’s data is a key priority and we remain committed to respecting your privacy. We promise to handle your data fairly and legally at all times. We offer complete transparency in the way that we collect data about you and how it is used.
This policy, which applies whether you phone or visit us online from a desktop, laptop, tablet or mobile, explains the what, how, and why of the information we collect when you visit our website. It also explains the specific ways we use and disclose that information.
The Collection of Personal Information
Personal information from you, such as your name, email address or telephone number which is provided via our contact forms is treated as confidential information.
Your email address will never be sold to 3rd parties or spammed.
Collecting Domain Information
Dantech also collects domain information (e.g. IP address and referring URL's) as part of its analysis of the use of this site. This data enables us to become more familiar with how people visit our site, how often they visit and what parts of the site they visit most often. This information is collected automatically and requires no action on your part.
Disclosure to Third Parties
Dantech does not pass on or sell email addresses or any other information to 3rd parties.
Use of Cookies
Some pages on this site use "cookies," which are small files that the site places on your hard drive for identification purposes. These files may be used for site registration and customisation the next time you visit us, and to make navigating the website more user-friendly.
A cookie is a piece of data that a website can send to your browser, which may then be stored on your computer as an anonymous tag that identifies your computer but not you. You should note that cookies cannot read data off of your hard drive. Your web browser may allow you to be notified when you are receiving a cookie, giving you the choice to accept it or not. By not accepting cookies, some pages may not fully function, and you may find it harder to access certain information on this site.
The Cookies on this website consist of:
Session cookies which help with form filling, remembering the information input when navigating between pages. These are destroyed when the browser window is closed.
Google Analytics cookies for monitoring website usage.
Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics to gather standard internet log information and details of visitor patterns on our site. We do this with the end goal of improving your experience on our site, but also to help us track our performance.
The information collected is only processed in a way so that the user remains anonymous.
Mailing Lists
As part of the registration process for our email marketing, we collect personal information. We do this to ensure we are sending you the right communication, to keep our records up to date, inform you of closers and also to check in from time to time to ensure you’re happy with the service from Dantech.
We take your privacy extremely seriously, and we never sell lists or email addresses.
We currently use a third-party provider to create and deliver our newsletters. From this, we obtain statistics from our client’s email behaviour using standard technology to help monitor and improve our offering. For more information, please see the provider's privacy policy.
You can unsubscribe to general mailings at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link with any email we send, or by emailing a request to dantech@btconnect.com
How Dantech Ensure Privacy
We have implemented security precautions to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of your information. When you give us personal information, we make it our priority to ensure that it’s treated securely.
Your Legal Rights
Your rights relating to your personal information.
The right to be informed about how your data is used.
The right to access the personal information we hold about you.
The right to request the correction of inaccurate personal information.
The right to request that we delete, stop processing or collecting your data.
The right to stop direct marketing messages and withdraw consent.
The right to complain to your data protection regulator.
If you want to exercise your rights, have a complaint, or just have questions, please contact us. You can change your marketing preferences at any time. Please send your request to dantech@btconnect.com
Access to Your Personal Information
You are entitled to view, amend, or delete the personal information that Dantech hold. To do so, please email your request to dantech@btconnect.com
Keeping your Information
We’ll hold on to your information for as long as remain a customer, or as long as is needed to be able to provide the services to you, or for as long as is necessary to provide support.
If reasonably necessary or required to meet legal or regulatory requirements, resolve disputes, prevent fraud and abuse, or enforce our terms and conditions, we may also keep hold of some of your information as required, even after you have stopped being a customer or if it is no longer needed to provide the services to you.
Website Terms & Conditions
This site is presented and operated by Dantech from within the United Kingdom. Dantech makes no representation that information or materials available on this site, or on other sites linked to this site, are appropriate or available for use in other locations, or accessible from locations where their contents may be illegal or prohibited. If you choose to access this site from other locations, you do so of your own initiative and are solely responsible for compliance with applicable local laws.
Restrictions on Use
The content of this website contains copyrighted material (including but not limited to code, copy and media) of Dantech or others.
You may not copy, modify, republish, or distribute any of these materials for commercial use without the express written permission of Dantech or other copyright owner. Any material downloaded for reference or non-commercial use must retain any copyright notices.
Website Links
This website contains links to websites operated by other parties. We do not control such websites and Dantech takes no responsibility for, and will not incur any liability in respect of, their content. Our inclusion of links to such websites does not imply any endorsement of views, statements or information contained in such websites.
Disclaimer of Warranty
While Dantech attempts to provide accurate information or materials on this site, or on any sites linked to this site, all such information is provided "as is." and Dantech does not warrant or make any representations regarding the validity, accuracy, completeness, or reliability of such information or materials, or of the results of using same.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We care about your safety online and the security of the information you share. We routinely review our Privacy Policy to ensure it complies with the most recent regulations.
We last updated our Privacy Policy in May 2018 and it will be reviewed again in 6 months.
How to contact us
We always like to hear from our clients, especially if you feel we could have done better or felt at all underwhelmed by our service.
If you:
Have any questions or feedback about our Privacy Policy,
Would like us to stop using your data,
Want to exercise any of your rights as set out above, or have a complaint,
Please don’t hesitate to contact us on +44 (0)1354 688488 or by sending your request to dantech@btconnect.com
Menu
Home
About
ID Silver Mark
ID Mini Mark
ID Trakamark
Asset Labels
Aluminium Security Plates
Asset Tracking Labels
Datamatrix Asset Labels
Destructible Asset Labels
Aluminium Foil Labels
ID Super Plates
Labels for Industry
Self Seal / Laminating Asset Labels
Mini Mark Asset Labels
Polyester Asset Labels
Vinyl Asset Labels
Tamper Evident Void Asset Labels
Micro Asset Labels
ID Trakamark Aluminium Foil Labels
Buy Labels
Brochure
Contact
Home
About Dantech
ID MARK
ID Silver Mark
ID Mini Mark
Asset Labels
Download Brochure
Contact Us
DANTECH
101 Ty Wern Road
Cardiff
CF14 4SE
E: dantech@btconnect.com
T : 	+44 (0)1354 688488
F: 	+44 (0)1354 688444
Co. Reg. No. 07653994 | VAT Reg. No. GB 339 7574 53 | ©
2008 - 2020| Cookies | Privacy | Terms | Sitemap |
SEO Agency Kent
by ExtraDigital
DANTECH is a trading name of PHUTPRINT LTD [Company No. 07653994]