http://www.mcafee.com/enterprise/en-us/about/legal.html
McAfee Legal
If you are looking for information on McAfee consumer products and support, visit the McAfee website dedicated to home and home office users.
Legal Notices
Privacy Notice
The Privacy Notice outlines how McAfee collects, uses, and discloses your personal information. You will also find information on how you can update your account and preferences, as well as details on how we protect your personal information.
McAfee Trademarks & Logos
McAfee trademarks and brands are valuable corporate assets and are an important part of its intellectual property portfolio. McAfee trademarks and logos are to be used properly and only within the terms of a valid written license with McAfee.
McAfee Website Terms of Service
This document describes the terms that apply to use of the services offered on the websites and web pages owned and operated by McAfee or its subsidiaries.
License Compliance Services
McAfee License Compliance Services helps customers understand their McAfee software entitlements and adhere to software license agreements through software deployment compliance reviews.
Anti-Piracy Policy
Software piracy is a significant problem costing the industry billions of dollars annually. McAfee is committed to educating our authorized users and, when necessary, bringing those violating our licenses into compliance.
McAfee Cloud Proof of Concept Terms
This document describes the terms and conditions that govern your access to and use of the services offered on the McAfee remote cloud product evaluation(s) owned and operated by McAfee or its subsidiaries.
Supplier Portal
McAfee expects all McAfee employees and suppliers to comply with our Code of Conduct and ethical expectations, regardless of local business practices or social customs. Go to our Supplier Ethics Expectations web page to access training and other valuable information. Go to our Supplier Portal to read more about McAfee’s Supplier Diversity Program.
McAfee's Enterprise Sub-Processors
McAfee uses third-party companies and services to assist in providing McAfee's services.
Legal Contracts & Terms
McAfee Professional Services Terms
This document contains current, region-specific Professional Services Terms.
McAfee Product Entitlement Definitions
This document contains legal definitions that apply to McAfee products and solutions.
McAfee End User License Agreements for Enterprise Customers
Download End User License Agreements for Enterprise Customers.
McAfee Cloud Terms of Service Agreements
Download Cloud Terms of Service Agreements for Enterprise Customers.
McAfee Technical Support and Maintenance Terms and Conditions for Enterprise Customers
Download Technical Support and Maintenance Terms and Conditions for Enterprise Customers.
McAfee Data Processing Agreement for Customers
McAfee Data Processing Agreement for Customers (For signature)
McAfee Data Processing Agreement for Customers (View document only)
McAfee Standard Contractual Clauses for Customers (View document only)
McAfee Data Processing Exhibit for Suppliers
McAfee Data Processing Exhibit for Suppliers (For signature)
McAfee Data Processing Exhibit for Suppliers (View document only)
McAfee Standard Contractual Clauses for Suppliers (View document only)
McAfee Data Processing Agreement for Partners
Download the Data Processing Terms and Conditions for Partners, Resellers and Distributors.
McAfee Data Sharing Agreement for Partners (For signature)
Electronically sign the Data Sharing Agreement for Partners.
Business Home
About Us
Back to top
Chat-Offline
Chat-Online
Twitter
Facebook
LinkedIn
YouTube
Blog
New to McAfee?
What Is MVISION?
Cloud Security Products
Endpoint Protection Products
Explore Products
Explore Services
Free Trials
Free Tools
Resources
Enterprise Support
Product Downloads
Product Documentation
Shop Online
Renew Products
Partner Portal Login
Connect with Us
Contact Us
Find a Partner
Partners
MPOWER
Events
Webinars
About McAfee
About Us
Latest News
Diversity & Inclusion
Investors
Careers
Blogs
United States / English
Privacy
Legal
Terms of Service
Site Map
Copyright © McAfee, LLC