http://www.inductiveautomation.com/termsofuse
Call Us 1-800-266-7798
|
Schedule a Demo
Ignition Exchange
Discover Ignition resources
Inductive University
Learn Ignition & get certified
Integrator Account
Access Integrator tools & resources
Product
Platform
Ignition Overview
Unlimited Licensing
Universal Platform
Modules
Designer
Architectures
System Security
See What's New
The Unlimited Platform for SCADA and so much more.
Solutions
SCADA
IIoT
MES
HMI
Alarming
Reporting
Enterprise
Mobile
Other Editions
Ignition Edge
Made for field and OEM devices at the edge
Ignition Maker Edition
Made for hobbyist and educational use
Pricing
Software Pricing
Ignition Pricing
Strategic Partner Modules
Module Showcase
Services
Training Pricing
Resources
All Resources
Articles
Case Studies
Podcasts
Customer Projects
Videos
Webinars
Partners
Integrators
Integrator Program
Find an Integrator
Distributors
Distributor Program
Strategic Partners
Cirrus Link Solutions
Sepasoft
Ignition Onboard
Onboard Program
Find a Device
Support
Get Help
Support Portal
User Manual
Knowledge Base
Forum
Support Policy
Website Help
Training
Inductive University
Training Schedule
Become Ignition Certified
Upload Test
About
Company
About Home
Who We Are
Customers
Founder's Message
Careers
Communication
Blog
Upcoming Events
News Room
Security
Contact Us
Download Ignition
Home /
Terms of Use Agreement
Terms of Use Agreement
Effective Date: September 22, 2014
Last Updated: March 13, 2018
1. BINDING EFFECT. This is a binding agreement. By using the Internet site located at either
inductiveautomation.com or inductiveuniversity.com (the “Site”) or any services provided in connection with the
Site (the “Service”), you agree to abide by these Terms of Use, as they may be amended by Inductive Automation,
LLC, doing business as Inductive Automation (“Company”) from time to time in its sole discretion. Company will
post a notice on the Site any time these Terms of Use have been changed or otherwise updated. It is your
responsibility to review these Terms of Use periodically, and if at any time you find these Terms of Use
unacceptable, you must immediately leave the Site and cease all use of the Service and the Site. This agreement
constitutes the entire and only agreement between the Company and you, and supersedes all prior or
contemporaneous agreements, representations, warranties and understandings with respect to the Site, the
content, free product samples or freebie offers or services provided by or listed on the Site, and the subject
matter of this Agreement. YOU AGREE THAT BY USING THE SERVICE YOU REPRESENT THAT YOU ARE AT LEAST 18 YEARS OLD
AND THAT YOU ARE LEGALLY ABLE TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT. USE OF THE SITE IS AT YOUR OWN RISK.
2. PRIVACY POLICY. Company respects your privacy and permits you to control the treatment of your personal
information. A complete statement of Company’s current privacy policy can be found by clicking here. Company’s privacy policy is
expressly incorporated into this Agreement by this reference.
When you are required to open an account to use or access the Site or Service, you must complete the
registration process by providing the complete and accurate information requested on the registration form. You
will also be asked to provide a user name and password. You are entirely responsible for maintaining the
confidentiality of your password. You may not use the account, username, or password of someone else at any
time. You agree to notify Company immediately on any unauthorized use of your account, user name, or password.
Company shall not be liable for any loss that you incur as a result of someone else using your password, either
with or without your knowledge. You may be held liable for any losses incurred by Company, its affiliates,
officers, directors, employees, consultants, agents, and representatives due to someone else’s use of your
account or password.
3. USE OF COOKIES. Certain functional cookies are required for the Site to function properly. When you create or
sign-in to your IA account, you agree to the use of essential cookies that are used to support important security
features, save settings, and help your browser to remember if you are logged-in. For more information on how
Inductive Automation uses cookies, visit our Cookie Policy page.
4. USE OF SOFTWARE. Company may make certain software available to you from the Site. If you download software
from the Site, the software, including all files and images contained in or generated by the software, and
accompanying data (collectively, “Software”) are deemed to be licensed to you by Company, for your personal,
noncommercial, use only. Company does not transfer either the title or the intellectual property rights to the
Software, and Company retains full and complete title to the Software as well as all intellectual property
rights therein. You may not sell, redistribute, or reproduce the Software, nor may you decompile,
reverse-engineer, disassemble, or otherwise convert the Software to a human-perceivable form. All trademarks and
logos are owned by Company or its licensors and you may not copy or use them in any manner.
Use of the Site must be in your own name and for your own personal benefit. It is a violation of this agreement
to access or use the Site in the name of another person or for the benefit of another person, and may subject
you to temporary or permanent disqualification from access and use of the Site, and may subject you to temporary
or permanent loss of a Credential(s).
5. CREDENTIALS. Your ability to obtain a Credential through the Inductive University is not guaranteed. Company
reserves the right to refuse to grant a Credential for any reason. It is your responsibility to successfully
comply with the Credential program and requirements and to pass the Credential examination. Credentials may only
be obtained and held by individuals. No compensation or other consideration shall be provided for any time spent
attempting to obtain a Credential or accessing or using the Site and/or its programs, regardless of whether a
Credential is obtained. Successful receipt of a Credential does not replace in-person training courses provided
by Company for certification.
If you obtain a Credential, but it is subsequently withdrawn or otherwise lost, you must remove any and all
references, advertisements, or other promotion relating to the Credential, whether in electronic or print form
or in any type of audio or visual advertising whatsoever. Misrepresentation of a Credential is a material breach
of this agreement and grounds for temporary or permanent disqualification from access and use of the
Site.
The Site and any Credentials, certifications or other programs are not credentialed or approved by any
regulatory body, including, without limitation, the State of California.
6. USER CONTENT. You grant Company a license to use the materials you post to the Site or Service. By posting,
downloading, displaying, performing, transmitting, or otherwise distributing information or other content (“User
Content”) to the Site or Service, you are granting Company, its affiliates, officers, directors, employees,
consultants, agents, and representatives a license to use User Content in connection with the operation of the
Internet business of Company, its affiliates, officers, directors, employees, consultants, agents, and
representatives, including without limitation, a right to copy, distribute, transmit, publicly display, publicly
perform, reproduce, edit, translate, and reformat User Content. You will not be compensated for any User
Content. You agree that Company may publish or otherwise disclose your name in connection with your User
Content. By posting User Content on the Site or Service, you warrant and represent that you own the rights to
the User Content or are otherwise authorized to post, distribute, display, perform, transmit, or otherwise
distribute User Content.
7. COMPLIANCE WITH INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY LAWS. When accessing the Site or using the Service, you agree to obey
the law and to respect the intellectual property rights of others. Your use of the Service and the Site is at
all times governed by and subject to laws regarding copyright ownership and use of intellectual property. You
agree not to upload, download, display, perform, transmit, or otherwise distribute any information or content
(collectively, “Content”) in violation of any third party’s copyrights, trademarks, or other intellectual
property or proprietary rights. You agree to abide by laws regarding copyright ownership and use of intellectual
property, and you shall be solely responsible for any violations of any relevant laws and for any infringements
of third party rights caused by any Content you provide or transmit, or that is provided or transmitted using
your User ID. The burden of proving that any Content does not violate any laws or third party rights rests
solely with you.
8. INAPPROPRIATE CONTENT. You agree not to upload, download, display, perform, transmit, or otherwise distribute
any Content that (a) is libelous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, abusive, or threatening; (b) advocates or
encourages conduct that could constitute a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability, or otherwise violate
any applicable local, state, national, or foreign law or regulation; (c) advertises or otherwise solicits funds
or is a solicitation for goods or services; or (d) includes or involves surveys, contests, pyramid schemes,
chain letters, junk mail, spam, or unsolicited messages; use of information provided by Company, upload of
viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time bombs, cancelbots, corrupted files, or similar software; use of metatag
searches of the website or the service; or creating a false identity for the purpose of misleading others.
Company reserves the right to terminate your receipt, transmission, or other distribution of any such material
using the Service, and, if applicable, to delete any such material from its servers. Company intends to
cooperate fully with any law enforcement officials or agencies in the investigation of any violation of these
Terms of Use or of any applicable laws.
9. COPYRIGHT. The content, organization, graphics, design, and other matters related to the Site are protected
under applicable copyrights and other proprietary laws, including but not limited to intellectual property laws.
The copying, reproduction, use, modification or publication by you of any such matters or any part of the Site
is strictly prohibited, without our express prior written permission.
10. COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT. Company has in place certain legally mandated procedures regarding allegations of
copyright infringement occurring on the Site or with the Service. Company has adopted a policy that provides for
the immediate suspension and/or termination of any Site or Service user who is found to have infringed on the
rights of Company or of a third party, or otherwise violated any intellectual property laws or regulations.
Company’s policy is to investigate any allegations of copyright infringement brought to its attention. If you
have evidence, know, or have a good faith belief that your rights or the rights of a third party have been
violated and you want Company to delete, edit, or disable the material in question, you must provide Company
with all of the following information: (a) a physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on
behalf of the owner of the exclusive right that is allegedly infringed; (b) identification of the copyrighted
work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works are covered by a single notification, a
representative list of such works; (c) identification of the material that is claimed to be infringed or to be
the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and
information reasonably sufficient to permit Company to locate the material; (d) information reasonably
sufficient to permit Company to contact you, such as an address, telephone number, and if available, an
electronic mail address at which you may be contacted; (e) a statement that you have a good faith belief that
use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law;
and (f) a statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that you
are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed. For this
notification to be effective, you must provide it to Company’s designated agent at:
Inductive Automation
info@inductiveautomation.com
Phone: (916) 456-1045
11. ALLEGED VIOLATIONS. Company reserves the right to terminate, temporarily or permanently, your use or
Credential(s) of the Service and/or the Site for any reason and at any time. To ensure that Company provides a
high quality experience for you and for other users of the Site and the Service, you agree that Company or its
representatives may access your account and records on a case-by-case basis to investigate complaints or
allegations of abuse, infringement of third party rights, or other unauthorized uses of the Site or the Service.
Company does not intend to disclose the existence or occurrence of such an investigation unless required by law,
but Company reserves the right to terminate your account or your access to the Site immediately, with or without
notice to you, and without liability to you, if Company believes that you have violated any of the Terms of Use,
furnished Company with false or misleading information, or interfered with use of the Site or the Service by
others.
12. NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES/LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. COMPANY HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. COMPANY IS MAKING THE SITE AVAILABLE “AS IS” WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. YOU
ASSUME THE RISK OF ANY AND ALL DAMAGE OR LOSS FROM USE OF, OR INABILITY TO USE, THE SITE OR THE SERVICE. TO THE
MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, COMPANY EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED,
REGARDING THE SITE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NONINFRINGEMENT. COMPANY DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE SITE OR THE SERVICE WILL MEET YOUR
REQUIREMENTS OR THAT THE OPERATION OF THE SITE OR THE SERVICE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE. COMPANY
FURTHER DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTY THAT THE INFORMATION PROVIDED IS ACCURATE OR CORRECT, THAT EMPLOYMENT CAN OR WILL
BE OBTAINED UPON COMPLETION OF PROGRAM AND OBTAINING A CREDENTIAL; AND THAT ANY SPECIFIC RESULT WILL OCCUR AS A
RESULT OF ACCESS TO OR USE OF THE SITE. FURTHER, THE INFORMATION AND SERVICES MAY CONTAIN BUGS, ERRORS, PROBLEMS
OR OTHER LIMITATIONS. THE COMPANY HAS NO LIABILITY WHATSOEVER FOR YOUR USE OF ANY INFORMATION OR SERVICE. IN
PARTICULAR, BUT NOT AS A LIMITATION, THE COMPANY IS NOT LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES (INCLUDING DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF BUSINESS, LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF MONEY, LITIGATION, OR THE LIKE),
WHETHER BASED ON BREACH OF CONTRACT, BREACH OF WARRANTY, NEGLIGENCE, PRODUCT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. THE NEGATION OF DAMAGES SET FORTH ABOVE ARE FUNDAMENTAL ELEMENTS OF
THE BASIS OF THE BARGAIN BETWEEN COMPANY AND YOU, THE USER. THIS SITE AND THE INFORMATION WOULD NOT BE PROVIDED
WITHOUT SUCH LIMITATIONS. NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, OBTAINED BY YOU FROM THE COMPANY
THROUGH THE SITE SHALL CREATE ANY WARRANTY, REPRESENTATION OR GUARANTEE NOT EXPRESSLY STATED IN THIS AGREEMENT.
THE INFORMATION AND ALL OTHER MATERIALS ON THE SITE ARE PROVIDED FOR GENERAL INFORMATION PURPOSES ONLY AND DO
NOT CONSTITUTE PROFESSIONAL ADVICE. IT IS YOUR RESPONSIBILITY TO EVALUATE THE ACCURACY AND COMPLETENESS OF ALL
INFORMATION AVAILABLE ON THIS SITE OR ANY WEBSITE WITH WHICH IT IS LINKED.
Company does not make, and expressly disclaims, any recommendation or endorsement related to your use or access
of the Site. You are expressly prohibited from representing to any third party that you have or will
receive any recommendation or endorsement from Company.
Company further disclaims any obligation to accept any content from you, including, without limitation,
applications, modules, information, or other data, in any way related to your use or access of the
Site.
13. AFFILIATED SITES. Company has no control over, and no liability for any third party websites or materials.
Company works with a number of partners and affiliates whose Internet sites may be linked with the Site. Because
neither Company nor the Site has control over the content and performance of these partner and affiliate sites,
Company makes no guarantees about the accuracy, content, or quality of the information provided by such sites,
and Company assumes no responsibility for unintended, objectionable, inaccurate, misleading, or unlawful content
that may reside on those sites. Similarly, from time to time in connection with your use of the Site, you may
have access to content items (including, but not limited to, websites) that are owned by third parties. You
acknowledge and agree that Company makes no guarantees about, and assumes no responsibility for, the accuracy,
content, or quality of this third party content, and that, unless expressly provided otherwise, these Terms of
Use shall govern your use of any and all third party content. Your use of the Site does not imply, provide, or
guarantee that you are in any way affiliated with Company or its affiliates in any way, and you are prohibited
from making any representations to Company or any third party of any such affiliation.
14. Third-Party Products and Services. Company may advertise third-party linked websites from which you may
purchase or otherwise obtain certain sample goods, freebie offerings or free trial services. You understand that
the Company does not operate or control the products, free offerings or services offered by third-party linked
websites. Third-party linked websites are responsible for all aspects of order processing, fulfillment, billing
and customer service. The Company is not a party to the transactions entered into between you and third-party
linked websites. You agree that use of such third-party linked websites is at your sole risk and is without
warranties of any kind by the Company, expressed, implied or otherwise. Under no circumstances will the Company
be liable for any damages arising from the transactions between you and third-party linked websites or for any
information appearing on third-party linked websites or any other site linked to or from our site.
15. PROHIBITED USES. Company imposes certain restrictions on your permissible use of the Site and the Service.
You are prohibited from violating or attempting to violate any security features of the Site or Service,
including, without limitation, (a) accessing content or data not intended for you, or logging onto a server or
account that you are not authorized to access; (b) attempting to probe, scan, or test the vulnerability of the
Service, the Site, or any associated system or network, or to breach security or authentication measures without
proper authorization; (c) interfering or attempting to interfere with service to any user, host, or network,
including, without limitation, by means of submitting a virus to the Site or Service, overloading, “flooding,”
“spamming,” “mail bombing,” or “crashing;” (d) using the Site or Service to send unsolicited e-mail, including,
without limitation, promotions, or advertisements for products or services; (e) forging any TCP/IP packet header
or any part of the header information in any e-mail or in any posting using the Service; or (f) attempting to
modify, reverse-engineer, decompile, disassemble, or otherwise reduce or attempt to reduce to a
human-perceivable form any of the source code used by Company in providing the Site or Service. Any violation of
system or network security may subject you to civil and/or criminal liability.
16. INDEMNITY. You agree to indemnify Company for certain of your acts and omissions. You agree to indemnify,
defend, and hold harmless Company, its affiliates, officers, directors, employees, consultants, agents, and
representatives from any and all third party claims, losses, liability, damages, and/or costs (including
reasonable attorney fees and costs) arising from your access to or use of the Site, your violation of these
Terms of Use, or your infringement, or infringement by any other user of your account, of any intellectual
property or other right of any person or entity. Company will notify you promptly of any such claim, loss,
liability, or demand, and will provide you with reasonable assistance, at your expense, in defending any such
claim, loss, liability, damage, or cost.
17. Submissions. All suggestions, ideas, notes, concepts and other information you may send to us (collectively,
"Submissions") shall be deemed and shall remain the Company's sole property and shall not be subject to any
obligation of confidence on its part. Without limiting the foregoing, Company shall be deemed to own all known
and hereafter existing rights of every kind and nature regarding the Submissions and shall be entitled to
unrestricted use of the Submissions for any purpose, without compensation to the provider of the
Submissions.
18. COPYRIGHT. All contents, including, without limitation, trademarks, of Site or Service are: Copyright © 2014
Inductive Automation, LLC, doing business as "Inductive Automation"; 90 Blue Ravine;
Folsom, CA 95630. All rights reserved.
19. GOVERNING LAW. These Terms of Use shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of the
United States and the State of California, without reference to their rules regarding conflicts of law. You
hereby irrevocably consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state or federal courts in Sacramento,
California in all disputes arising out of or related to the use of the Site or Service.
20. SEVERABILITY; WAIVER. If, for whatever reason, a court of competent jurisdiction finds any term or condition
in these Terms of Use to be unenforceable, all other terms and conditions will remain unaffected and in full
force and effect. No waiver of any breach of any provision of these Terms of Use shall constitute a waiver of
any prior, concurrent, or subsequent breach of the same or any other provisions hereof, and no waiver shall be
effective unless made in writing and signed by an authorized representative of the waiving party.
21. NO LICENSE. Other than as specifically set forth herein, nothing contained on the Site should be understood
as granting you a license to use any of the trademarks, service marks, or logos owned by Company or by any third
party.
22. CALIFORNIA USE ONLY. The Site is controlled and operated by Company from its offices in the State of
California. Company makes no representation that any of the materials or the services to which you have been
given access are available or appropriate for use in other locations. Your use of or access to the Site should
not be construed as Company’s purposefully availing itself of the benefits or privilege of doing business in any
state or jurisdiction other than California.
23. MODIFICATIONS. Company may, in its sole discretion and without prior notice, (a) revise these Terms of Use;
(b) modify the Site and/or the Service; and (c) discontinue the Site and/or Service at any time. Company shall
post any revision to these Terms of Use to the Site, and the revision shall be effective immediately on such
posting. You agree that it is your responsibility to review these Terms of Use and other online policies posted on
the Site to be aware of any revisions. You acknowledge that your ongoing use of our products and services result
in your agreement to be bound by any such changes whether you have taken the time to review them or not.
24. ACKNOWLEDGEMENT. BY USING THE SERVICE OR ACCESSING THE SITE, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ
THESE TERMS OF USE AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THEM.