http://www.vicomsoft.com/privacy.html
Home
Products
Company
Support
Contact us
Network SecurityInterGate Policy Manager
Instant Messaging & Peer to Peer
Features
Specification
Topology
Web Content Filtering
Features
Specification
Internet Threat DB
Topology
Email Spam & Virus Filtering
Features
Specification
Topology
Reporting
Features
Specification
Topology
Firewall/Router
Features
Specification
Topology
Complete Featuresat a glance
Complete Specificationat a glance
Datasheets
Other ProductsFrom Vicomsoft
DHCP
FTP Client (Mac OS X)
Terminal Emulation
Our MissionBusiness Profile
ContactVicomsoft
NewsAnd press information
CareersOpportunities at Vicomsoft
ChannelsFor partnering
TestimonialsAnd references
FAQ's
Product Updaters
Application Notes
Lost Software
Support Contracts
Contact Support
Documentation
Privacy Statement
Vicomsoft takes the protection of your online privacy very seriously. Please read the following to understand Vicomsoft's privacy practices.
Vicomsoft may need to change its privacy statement from time to time, because of changes in its business, or in its attempts to serve your needs better. Vicomsoft will use reasonable efforts to publish any changes to its privacy statement.
What information does Vicomsoft gather?
Vicomsoft may need to gather specific information from you at times such as your name and address, among other personal information. Information that is essential for Vicomsoft to provide the services and/or products that are requested by you is generally designated as "Required". Additional information that would allow Vicomsoft flexibility in providing its services or products, and may be used for internal statistical studies or market research, is generally indicated as "Optional". For example, a credit card number is required when ordering a product, whereas a fax number may not be essential, but would provide another means of communication between you and Vicomsoft.
Just how much personally identifiable information you disclose to Vicomsoft is completely at your discretion.
How does Vicomsoft use personal information?
When you give Vicomsoft information about yourself, you understand that you are agreeing to allow Vicomsoft access to, storage of, and use of, the data in any of the countries where Vicomsoft does business, whether inside or outside of the United States.
Vicomsoft may use the information you submit for any purposes related to Vicomsoft's business, including, but not limited to, generating statistical studies, conducting market research, improving its products and services, sending you surveys, and notifying you of product upgrades and updates, new products, special offers, seminars and conventions and any other changes within Vicomsoft that may affect you.
What choices do you have about how your personal information is used and what is Vicomsoft's commitment to data quality and reliability?
Vicomsoft respects your privacy and realize that not everyone likes to receive special offers or information. Therefore we provide a number of ways to "opt-out" of receiving additional information from us. We may offer you these choices at the time you give us your information.
If you would like your name deactivated from Vicomsoft's lists, or if you would like to unsubscribe from Vicomsoft's e-mail bulletins, please use the contact information below to request that Vicomsoft deactivate you from its lists. Be sure to include your name, postal address, telephone number, information contained in your Vicomsoft mailer, and/or other necessary information requested for deactivation.
If you believe that Vicomsoft may not have your correct and current personal information, you may update your information any time by using the contact information below to inform Vicomsoft of changes in your personal information.
Vicomsoft will use reasonable efforts to honor your requests, but we appreciate your patience in allowing us a reasonable amount of time for processing.
Does Vicomsoft share the information that it gathers with third parties?
Vicomsoft uses your personal information internally and does not share it with any third parties.
Does Vicomsoft share the information that it gathers with government agencies or law enforcement?
Vicomsoft reserves the right to monitor, and disclose to, government officials or law enforcement, without your consent, any communications and personally identifiable information, whenever prompted to do so, by legal authorities, even when you have requested that your information not be disclosed to third parties.
What is Vicomsoft's commitment to data security?
Vicomsoft recognizes your concern for security, and will use reasonable efforts to establish secure connections with you and to limit access to databases containing personal information to authorized personnel only.
Does Vicomsoft use cookies?
"Cookies" give users a unique, random ID by storing small text files onto a user's computer hard drive with the user's browser. Cookies enable a web site to track a user's activities on a web site. For example, Vicomsoft uses cookies on its home page to determine whether you are a new visitor or if you are coming for the first time. Vicomsoft may use cookies in other areas on its web site now and in the future.
Vicomsoft's cookies do not contain personally identifying information. Users are free to change their web browsers to prevent the acceptance of cookies.
Are there online risks?
You should be aware of risks when you communicate on public newsgroups and message boards. On these forums, personal information may be collected and used by others outside of Vicomsoft to send unsolicited emails or postal mailings. Vicomsoft has no control over these actions. You should not post any information on these forums that you wish to keep private.
What are Vicomsoft's contact procedures?
If you believe Vicomsoft has not adhered to its privacy statement, if you would like to be deactivated from Vicomsoft's lists, or if you would like to update your personal information, you may notify Vicomsoft by e-mail, telephone, fax, or postal mail. Vicomsoft will use reasonable efforts to promptly resolve any issues.
Vicomsoft Contact Information:
Attn: Vicomsoft Privacy, info@vicomsoft.com
Mailing List Subscription Preferences: http://www.vicomsoft.com/subscription
In the U.S.
Vicomsoft Inc.
40 Railroad Avenue
Valley Stream
NY 11580
USA
Phone:  888-842-2608
Fax:      530-685-8896
Sales Enquiry Form
Support Form
General Enquiry Form
In the U.K.
Vicomsoft Ltd
21 Oxford Road,
Bournemouth,
Dorset,
BH8 8ET
UK
Phone:   (UK)    0870 727 3510
(Intl.)  +44
(0) 1202 204830
Fax:       +44 (0) 1202 297900
Sales Enquiry Form
Support Form
General Enquiry Form
MAP
Vicomsoft has also made it convenient for you to unsubscribe from e-mail bulletins. Just complete the online form.
Home|
Products|
Downloads|
Company|
Support|
Contact us|
Library|
Channels|
Privacy|
Ts&Cs
Content of this page in its entirety is protected
by US & UK Copyright © 2009 Vicomsoft Ltd.
Reproduction in electronic and written form is expressly forbidden except for personal use.
Anti Spam|
Antispam|
Anti-spam|
Content Filter|
Content Filtering|
Email Filter|
E-mail Filter|
Email Filtering|
E-mail Filtering|
Email Filtering Software|
Employee Monitoring|
Filtering Software|
Internet Abuse|
Internet Content Filter|
Internet Filter|
Internet Filtering|
Internet Filters|
Internet Management|
Internet Monitor|
Internet Monitoring|
Phishing|
Porn Filter|
Porn Filters|
Spam|
Spam Filter|
Spam Filtering|
Spyware|
Web Filter|
Web Filtering|
Web Filters|
Instant Messaging|
AIM|
AOL Instant Messenger|
ICQ|
Yahoo Messenger|
MSN Messenger|
Peer-to Peer|
P2P|
eDonkey|
Emule|
Kademlia|
BitTorrent|
Gnutella|
Morpheus|
LimeWire|
Kazaa|
Internet telephony|
Skype