http://www.cdw.com/content/cdw/en/terms-conditions/privacy-notice.html
CDW Privacy Notice | CDW
CDW Privacy Notice | CDW
Sign In
Cart
0
Hardware
Software
Services
IT Solutions
Brands
Tech Library
Search
(0)
Browse CDW
Hardware
Software
Services
IT Solutions
Brands
Tech Library
CDW Privacy Notice
Last Updated: January 1, 2020
At CDW, we understand that your privacy is an important part of the trust you place in us. This Notice explains how we collect, use, disclose and otherwise process personal information in connection with our services. Please see section below for further details.
Learn More About Privacy Rights
What is Personal Information?
Our Collection of Personal Information
Our Use of Personal Information
Cookies, Related Technologies & Online Ads
Our Disclosure of Personal Information
Communication Preferences
Region-Specific Disclosures
Children’s Privacy
Third Party Websites
Changes to This Notice
How to Contact Us
To Top
Additional Notice
California Privacy Disclosures
These Additional California Privacy Disclosures supplement the information contained in this CDW Privacy Notice. These Disclosures apply solely to our processing of personal information of individual residents of the State of California within the scope of the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA).
Additional Notice
European Economic Area Privacy Disclosures
These Additional European Economic Area (EEA) Privacy Disclosures supplement the information contained in this CDW Privacy Notice. These Disclosures apply only to our processing of your personal data if you are based in the EEA or Switzerland.
Additional Notice
CDW Cookie Notice
The Cookie Notice supplements the information contained in this Privacy Notice, explaining how we and our business partners and services providers use cookies and related technologies in the course of managing and providing our online services and our communications to you. It explains what these technologies are and why we use them, as well as your rights to control our use of them.
Who We Are
CDW: CDW is a leading integrated technology solutions provider primarily serving business and governmental entities. CDW is headquartered in the United States, with operations in Canada, the United Kingdom, and other locations around the world. When we use the terms “CDW”, “we”, “us”, or “our” in this Notice, we are referring to CDW LLC and its subsidiaries and affiliated companies worldwide.
Services Covered By This Notice
Our Services: When we use the term “services”, we are referring to all the services that we offer on our own behalf, including our product offerings and the websites and mobile applications that post or link to this Notice.  We are not referring to services that we provide solely on behalf of a third party, such as outsourced IT services we may provide to another company. Please refer to the privacy notice of the third party with which you have a relationship for information on how they engage service providers, like us, to process personal information on their behalf.
What is Personal Information?
When we use the term “personal information” in this Notice, we mean information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, to you. It does not include aggregated or deidentified information that is maintained in a form that is not capable of being associated with or reasonably linked to you.
Our Collection of Personal Information
From the first moment you interact with us, we are collecting personal information about you. Sometimes we collect personal information automatically when you interact with our services and sometimes we collect the personal information directly from you. At times, we may collect personal information about you from other sources and third parties, even before our first direct interaction.
Personal Information You Provide
Personal Information You Provide
Contact Information
Such as your name, email address, social media handle, mailing address and phone number
Employment Information
Such as your job title, department, employer or business, and if you perform work on our behalf, information obtained from your resume and your drug or background check (if any)
Account Information
Such as your account ID, customer ID, username and password
Investment Information
Such as your CDW share purchasing history, number of shares held, value of the shares, eligible dividends and the holder of record's name and address
Transaction Information
Such as payment information, credit information, order details, and order/product preferences
Event
Information
Such as your attendance at a CDW event
Survey
Information
Such as your responses to survey questions about your business and your satisfaction with CDW
Contest Entry Information
Such as your statements and submissions for entry in a contest
User Generated Content
To the extent it is personal information, such as product reviews connected to you
Inquiry Information
Such as the content of your email, text, or chat with us and, where applicable, your voice from calls with us
Personal Information Automatically Collected
Personal Information Automatically Collected
Log File
Data
Including your IP address, device operating system, application software, browser type, peripheral devices, language, user log and clickstream data, access times, Active Directory information and the websites you visited before/after ours
Cookies and Related Technology Data
Including your usage and activity on our online services, such as information relating to your orders, purchases and cart activity, using essential and non-essential cookies, web beacons and related data collection technologies
Location Data
Including your general geographic location based on your IP address or more precise location when accessing our online services through a mobile device
The Cookies, Related Technologies & Online Ads section below provides additional information relating to our use of cookies and related technology, as well your choices about these technologies and the online ads for which they are used.
Personal Information from Other Sources and Third Parties
Personal Information from Other Sources and Third Parties
We also obtain personal information from other sources, which we often combine with personal information we collect either automatically or directly from you.
We receive the same categories of personal information as described above from the following sources and third parties:
We Collect Personal Information from Our Business Partners
Our business partners, such as product and software providers, collect personal information and often share some or all of this information with us. For example, we receive contact information from our product providers when we engage in co-marketing campaigns for purposes of contacting prospective customers or investors who may be interested in their products.
We Collect Personal Information from Our Service Providers
Our service providers, such as payment processors and analytics providers, collect personal information and often share some or all of this information with us. For example, we receive Personal Information from vendors to coordinate events, facilitate survey activities, identify prospective customers or investors and conduct marketing and analytics.
We Collect Personal Information from Information Providers
We often purchase, lease or otherwise obtain lists or information from third-party list or information providers to correct or supplement personal information we collect. For example, we may obtain updated contact information from third-party information providers to reconnect with you.
We Collect Personal Information from Publicly Available Sources
We often collect personal information that we do not otherwise have (including contact information, employment information and product preferences) from websites and other publicly available sources for our business operations, including identifying prospective customers or correcting outdated contact information.
We Collect Personal Information from Social Media Partners
Some of our online services allow you to sign in and associate your social media accounts with us, including, but not limited to, Twitter, LinkedIn, and Facebook accounts. By using this functionality, you give us permission to access all the elements of your social media profile, including personal information, that you have made available to be shared and to use it in accordance with the social media partner’s terms of use and this Notice. Please refer to the privacy notices and privacy settings for your social media account for information about what personal information is shared with us and other connected applications and to manage the information that is shared through your social media account, including information about your activities in connection with our services.
Our Use of Personal Information
We use your personal information to administer your account with us, provide and improve our and our business partners’ services and products, provide you with information and advertisements based on your interests and interactions with us, contact you about our and our business partners’ services and products, coordinate with our business partners to allow them to participate in limited co-marketing opportunities with us, respond to your inquiries and requests, prevent and investigate fraud, protect legal and contractual rights and comply with legal obligations.
We use personal information we collect to:
Create and administer your account with us;
Process your order and credit requests;
Deliver products and services you request;
Send you transaction information, including confirmations, invoices, technical notices, product and services information, updates, security alerts, support and administrative messages, and information about your credit with us;
Communicate with you about and facilitate new contests, promotions and rewards, and upcoming events;
Process and deliver contest entries and rewards;
Provide you with news about products and services offered by us and our business partners;
Provide you with advertisements based on your interests, order history and interactions with us;
Coordinate with our business partners to allow them to participate in limited co-marketing opportunities with us;
Provide you with an interactive social media experience that allows you to connect your social networking account with our online services;
Respond to your comments and questions and provide customer service;
Link or combine with other information we get from third parties, to help understand your needs, customize our offerings to those needs, and provide you with better service;
Conduct research and surveys used to measure our performance and improve our and our business partners’ products, services and customer experience;
Operate and improve our and our business partners’ services and products;
Facilitate the provision of software updates, product support, and other services related to our and our business partners’ mobile applications and other products;
Manage investor relations and investments in our company, including by providing you information about our company and related investments, processing investment transactions and paying dividends, preparing tax returns and other investor-related documents, and managing our cap table;
Prevent, investigate or provide notice of fraud or unlawful or criminal activity;
Enforce and carry out contracts and agreements;
And Comply with legal obligations.
Cookies, Related Technologies & Online Ads
As described in the Our Collection of Personal Information  section of this Notice, we and our third-party partners and providers automatically collect certain types of information about your online activities over time and across websites, including our online services and other websites you may visit. We collect this information through our or our third-party partners' and providers’ use of a variety of technologies, including cookies, web beacons, pixels, embedded scripts, location-identifying technologies, and logging technologies. Many of these technologies are used to run our online services, assess the performance of our online services, allow you to use certain non-essential features of our online services or conduct analytics on the traffic and usage trends of our online services, including statistics about our customer base. However, some of these technologies are used to make advertisements and marketing materials more relevant to you and your interests, including through the use of advertising tracking technologies. You have certain choices that may limit or affect our and our third-party partners' and providers’ ability to use cookies and related technologies for these purposes.
You can view the CDW Cookie Notice here. If you are a resident of Canada, or the EEA or Switzerland, please visit our Canada Cookie Policy or our EEA Cookie Policy to review additional disclosures applicable to you.
Our Disclosure of Personal Information
We disclose personal information in the following ways:
We Disclose Personal Information Within CDW
We are able to offer you the products and services we make available because of the hard work of our team members across all CDW entities. CDW entities disclose personal information to other CDW entities for purposes and uses consistent with this Notice. For example, we may disclose your contact information and transaction information to process and fulfill your order or to facilitate communication between you and a local CDW representative.
We Disclose Personal Information to Our Business Partners
We coordinate with a number of third parties with whom we do business to make our and their products and services available to you. We disclose personal information to these business partners for such purposes as facilitating your purchase of a product manufactured by our business partners, or for our business partners’ participation in limited co-marketing opportunities with us.
We Disclose Personal Information to Our Service Providers
We engage a number of service providers to perform functions and services on our behalf and under our instruction to make our products and services available to you. For example, we may disclose transaction information to our payment processors and/or invoicing partners to facilitate your transaction and we may disclose additional personal information to service providers for auditing, compliance, investment management and corporate governance functions.
We Disclose Personal Information to Our Suppliers and Distributors
We coordinate with and disclose personal information to a team of suppliers and distributors for purposes of developing and executing proposed and completed transactions facilitated by us, as well to improve our performance, products and services. Our suppliers and distributors also use personal information for their own internal purposes (including administrative purposes).
We Disclose Personal Information to Our Advertising Partners
We coordinate with and disclose personal information to advertising partners, such as search engines and social media advertising providers, for purposes of serving personalized and targeted advertisements to you on third-party platforms. For more information, including how to opt out of interest-based advertising, please refer to our Cookies, Related Technologies & Online Ads section.
We Disclose Personal Information with Your Consent
We may disclose personal information about you to certain other third parties not described in this Notice with your consent.
We Disclose Personal Information for Corporate Business Transactions
We may take part in or be involved with a corporate business transaction, such as a merger, acquisition, joint venture, or financing or sale of company assets. We may disclose personal information to a third party during negotiation of, in connection with or as an asset in such a corporate business transaction. Personal information may also be disclosed in the event of insolvency, bankruptcy or receivership.
We Disclose Personal Information in Accordance with Our Legal Obligations and Rights
We may disclose personal information to third parties, such as legal advisors and law enforcement:
in connection with the establishment, exercise, or defense of legal claims;
to comply with laws or to respond to lawful requests and legal process;
to protect the rights and property of us, our agents, customers, and others, including to enforce our agreements, policies, and terms of use;
to detect, suppress, or prevent fraud;
to reduce credit risk and collect debts owed to us;
to protect the health and safety of us, our customers, or any person; or
as otherwise required by applicable law.
Communication Preferences
If you have opted in to our marketing communications (or where permitted by law, if you have provided us or we have obtained your contact information), we may send you email messages, direct mail offers, push notifications or other communications regarding products or services depending on the method of communication selected. You may ask us not to do so by:
following the opt-out instructions in promotional communications;
for email marketing, by visiting your account settings here (US) or here (Canada); and
for Catalog subscription, by clicking here (US) or here (Canada).
To manage any email or Catalog subscriptions in the UK, please contact us at marketing@uk.cdw.com. You may also make requests about your contact preferences and changes to your information by contacting your account manager, or by contacting Customer Relations (US or Canada). If you opt out of promotional emails, we may still send you non-promotional emails, such as emails about your accounts or our ongoing business relations.
Region-Specific Disclosures
We may choose or be required by law to provide different or additional disclosures relating to the processing of personal information about residents of certain countries and regions. Please click below to review additional disclosures applicable to you:
If you are a resident of the State of California in the United States, click here for additional California privacy disclosures.
If you are a resident of the State of Nevada in the United States, Chapter 603A of the Nevada Revised Statutes permits a Nevada resident to opt out of future sales of certain covered information that a website operator has collected or will collect about the resident. To submit such a request, please contact us at personaldatainquiry@cdw.com.
If you are a resident of Canada, click here for our Canada Cookie Notice.
If you are based in the European Economic Area (EEA) or Switzerland, click here for additional EEA privacy disclosures.
Children’s Privacy
Our online services are general audience sites intended for corporate and governmental purchasers. Our services are not directed to, and we do not intend to, or knowingly, collect or solicit personal information from children under the age of 13. If you are under the age of 13, do not use our services or provide us with any personal information either directly or by other means. If a child under 13 has provided personal information to us, we encourage the child’s parent or guardian to contact us to request that we remove the personal information from our systems. If we learn that any personal information we collect has been provided by a child under the age of 13, we will promptly delete that personal information.
Third Party Websites
Except where we post, link to or expressly adopt or refer to this Notice, this Notice does not apply to, and we are not responsible for, any personal information practices of third-party websites and online services or the practices of other third parties. To learn about the personal information practices of third parties, please visit their respective privacy notices.
Changes to This Notice
We may update this Notice from time to time. When we make changes to this Notice, we will change the date at the beginning of this Notice to include the "Last Updated" date. If we make material changes to this Notice, we will notify you by email to your registered email address, by prominent posting on our services, or through other appropriate communication channels. All changes shall be effective from the date of publication unless otherwise provided in the notification.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions or requests in connection with this Notice or other privacy-related matters, please send an email to personaldatainquiry@cdw.com.
Alternatively, inquiries may be addressed to:
Global Compliance & Ethics
c/o CDW Privacy Group
CDW LLC
75 Tri-State International
Lincolnshire, IL 60069
USA
Additional Privacy Disclosures
California Privacy Disclosures
European Economic Area Disclosures
CDW Cookie Notice
Site Map
Privacy Notice
Cookie Notice
Terms and Conditions
Copyright © 2007 - 2020 CDW. All Rights Reserved. CDW®, CDW•G® and PEOPLE WHO GET IT® are registered trademarks of CDW LLC. All other trademarks and registered trademarks are the sole property of their respective owners.
Site Map
Privacy Notice
Cookie Notice
Terms and Conditions
Copyright © 2007 - 2020 CDW. All Rights Reserved. CDW®, CDW•G® and PEOPLE WHO GET IT® are registered trademarks of CDW LLC. All other trademarks and registered trademarks are the sole property of their respective owners.