http://www.fenestrae.com/en/privacy-statement
Contact
Fenestrae Privacy Statement
Your privacy is important to us. This privacy statement explains the personal data Fenestrae processes, how Fenestrae processes it, and for what purposes.
Fenestrae offers various products and services including on-premise software, online services and apps.
Please read the product-specific details in this privacy statement, which provide additional relevant information. This statement applies to the interactions Fenestrae has with you and the Fenestrae products & services listed below, as well as other Fenestrae products that display this statement.
Personal data we collect
Fenestrae collects data from you, through our interactions with you and through our products for a variety of purposes described below, including to operate effectively and provide you with the best experiences with our products. You provide some of this data directly, such as when you create an account, administer your organization’s licensing account, upload a document to our online services or apps, sign up for an account, or contact us for support. We get some of it by collecting data about your interactions, use, and experience with our products and communications.
We rely on a variety of legal reasons and permissions (sometimes called “legal bases”) to process data, including with your consent, a balancing of legitimate interests, necessity to enter into and perform contracts, and compliance with legal obligations, for a variety of purposes described below.
We can also obtain data from third parties. We protect data obtained from third parties according to the practices described in this statement, plus any additional restrictions imposed by the source of the data. These third-party sources vary over time and include:
Services that make user-generated content from their service available to others, such as local business reviews or public social media posts.
Service providers that help us determine your device’s location.
Partners with which we offer co-branded services or engage in joint marketing activities.
Third parties that deliver experiences through Fenestrae products.
Publicly-available sources, such as open government databases.
You have choices when it comes to the technology you use and the data you share. When you are asked to provide personal data, you can decline. Many of our products require some personal data to operate and provide you with a service. If you choose not to provide data required to operate and provide you with a product or feature, you cannot use that product or feature. Likewise, where we need to collect personal data by law or to enter into or carry out a contract with you, and you do not provide the data, we will not be able to enter into the contract; or if this relates to an existing product you’re using, we may have to suspend or cancel it. We will notify you if this is the case at the time. Where providing the data is optional, and you choose not to share personal data, features like personalization that use the data will not work for you.
The data we collect depends on the context of your interactions with Fenestrae and the choices you make (including your privacy settings), the products and features you use, your location, and applicable law.
The data we collect can include the following:
Name and contact data. Your first and last name, email address, postal address, phone number, and other similar contact data.
Credentials. Passwords, password hints, and similar security information used for authentication and account access.
Demographic data. Data about you such as your age, gender, country, and preferred language.
Payment data. Data to process payments, such as your payment instrument number (such as a credit card number) and the security code associated with your payment instrument.
Subscription and licensing data. Information about your subscriptions, licenses, and other entitlements.
Interactions. Data about your use of Fenestrae products.
Other examples of interactions data include:
Device and usage data. Data about your device and the product and features you use, including information about your hardware and software, how our products perform, as well as your settings. For example:
Payment and account history. Data about the items you purchase and activities associated with your account.
Device, connectivity, and configuration data. Data about your device, your device configuration, and nearby networks. For example, data about the operating systems and other software installed on your device, including product keys. In addition, IP address, device identifiers (such as the IMEI number for phones) and regional and language settings.
Error reports and performance data. Data about the performance of the products and any problems you experience, including error reports. Error reports (sometimes called “traces”) can include details of the software or hardware related to an error, contents of files opened when an error occurred, and data about other software on your device.
Troubleshooting and help data. Data you provide when you contact Fenestrae for help, such as the products you use, and other details that help us provide support. For example, contact or authentication data, the content of your chats and other communications with Fenestrae, data about the condition of your device, and the products you use related to your help inquiry. When you contact us, such as for customer support, phone conversations or chat sessions with our representatives may be monitored and recorded.
Documents metadata. Such as document metadata. For example, we collect the language, routing, size and file type of documents you process.
Location data. Data about your device’s location, which can be either precise or imprecise. For example, we collect location data using Global Navigation Satellite System (GNSS) (e.g., GPS) and data about nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi hotspots. Location can also be inferred from a device’s IP address or data in your account profile that indicates where it is located with less precision, such as at a city or postal code level.
Other input. Other inputs provided when you use our products. For example, such as the buttons you press on our apps or online services.
How we use personal data
Fenestrae uses the data we collect to provide you good and functional solutions, we use data to:
Provide our products, which includes updating, securing, and troubleshooting, as well as providing support. It also includes sharing data, when it is required to provide the service or carry out the transactions you request.
Improve and develop our products.
Personalize our products and make recommendations.
Advertise and market to you, which includes sending promotional communications, targeting advertising, and presenting you relevant offers.
We also use the data to operate our business, which includes analyzing our performance, meeting our legal obligations, developing our workforce, and doing research.
For these purposes, we combine data we collect from different contexts (for example, from your use of two Fenestrae products).
Our processing of personal data for these purposes includes both automated and manual (human) methods of processing. Our automated methods often are related to and supported by our manual methods. For example, our automated methods include artificial intelligence (AI), which we think of as a set of technologies that enable computers to perceive, learn, reason, and assist in decision-making to solve problems in ways that are similar to what people do. To build, train, and improve the accuracy of our automated methods of processing (including AI), we manually review some of the predictions and inferences produced by the automated methods against the underlying data from which the predictions and inferences were made.
When we process personal data about you, we do so with your consent and/or as required to provide the products you use, operate our business, meet our contractual and legal obligations, protect the security of our systems and our customers, or fulfill other legitimate interests of Fenestrae
More on the purposes of processing:
Provide our products. We use data to operate our products and provide you with rich, interactive experiences. Additionally, as communications are a feature of various products, programs, and activities, we use data to contact you. For example, we may contact you by phone or email or other means to inform you when a subscription is ending or discuss your licensing account. We also communicate with you to secure our products, for example by letting you know when product updates are available.
Product improvement. We use data to continually improve our products, including adding new features or capabilities. For example, we use error reports to improve security features, usage data to determine what new features to prioritize.
Product activation. We use data—such as device and application type, location, and unique device, application, network, and subscription identifiers—to activate products that require activation.
Product development. We use data to develop new products. For example, we use data, often de-identified, to better understand our customers’ computing and productivity needs which can shape the development of new products.
Customer support. We use data to troubleshoot and diagnose product problems, repair customers’ devices, and provide other customer care and support services.
Help secure and troubleshoot. We use data to help secure and troubleshoot our products. This includes using data to protect the security and safety of our products and customers, detecting malware and malicious activities, troubleshooting performance and compatibility issues to help customers get the most out of their experiences, and notifying customers of updates to our products. This may include using automated systems to detect security and safety issues.
Safety. We use data to protect the safety of our products and our customers. Our security features and products can disrupt the operation of malicious software and notify users if malicious software is found on their devices. For example URLs that have been flagged as fraud, phishing, or malware links; and we reserve the right to block delivery of a communication or remove content if it violates our terms.
Updates. We use data we collect to develop product updates and security patches. For example, we may use information about your device’s capabilities, such as available memory, to provide you a software update or security patch. Updates and patches are intended to maximize your experience with our products, help you protect the privacy and security of your data, provide new features, and ensure your device is ready to process such updates.
Promotional communications. We use data we collect to deliver promotional communications. You can sign up for email subscriptions and choose whether you wish to receive promotional communications from Fenestrae by email, physical mail, and telephone.
Relevant offers. Fenestrae uses data to provide you with relevant and valuable information regarding our products. We analyze data from a variety of sources to predict the information that will be most interesting and relevant to you and deliver such information to you in a variety of ways
Transacting commerce. We use data to carry out your transactions with us. For example, we process payment information to provide customers with product subscriptions and use contact information to deliver goods purchased from Fenestrae.
Reporting and business operations. We use data to analyze our operations and perform business intelligence. This enables us to make informed decisions and report on the performance of our business.
Protecting rights and property. We use data to detect and prevent fraud, resolve disputes, enforce agreements, and protect our property. For example, we use data to confirm the validity of software licenses to reduce piracy. We may use automated processes to detect and prevent activities that violate our rights and the rights of others, such as fraud.
Reasons we share personal data
We share your personal data with your consent or as necessary to complete any transaction or provide any product you have requested or authorized. For example, we share your content with third parties when you tell us to do so, such as when you send or upload a document to another service.
When you provide payment data to make a purchase, we will share payment data with banks and other entities that process payment transactions or provide other financial services, and for fraud prevention and credit risk reduction.
In addition, we share personal data among Fenestrae-controlled affiliates and subsidiaries. We also share personal data with vendors or agents working on our behalf for the purposes described in this statement. For example, companies we've hired to provide customer service support or assist in protecting and securing our systems and services may need access to personal data to provide those functions. In such cases, these companies must abide by our data privacy and security requirements and are not allowed to use personal data they receive from us for any other purpose. We may also disclose personal data as part of a corporate transaction such as a merger or sale of assets.
Finally, we will retain, access, transfer, disclose, and preserve personal data, including your content, when we have a good faith belief that doing so is necessary to do any of the following:
Comply with applicable law or respond to valid legal process, including from law enforcement or other government agencies.
Protect our customers, for example, to prevent spam or attempts to defraud users of our products, or to help prevent the loss of life or serious injury of anyone.
Operate and maintain the security of our products, including to prevent or stop an attack on our computer systems or networks.
Please note that some of our products include links to or otherwise enable you to access products of third parties whose privacy practices differ from those of Fenestrae. If you provide personal data to any of those products, your data is governed by their privacy policies.
How to access and control your personal data
You can access and control your personal data that Fenestrae has obtained by contacting Fenestrae.
If Fenestrae obtained your consent to use your personal data, you can withdraw that consent at any time.
You can request access to, erasure of, and updates to your personal data.
If you’d like to port your data elsewhere, you can contact Fenestrae for assistance.
You can also object to or restrict the use of your personal data by Fenestrae. For example, you can object at any time to our use of your personal data:
For direct marketing purposes.
Where we are performing a task in the public interest or pursuing our legitimate interests or those of a third party.
You may have these rights under applicable laws, including the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), but we offer them regardless of your location. In some cases, your ability to access or control your personal data will be limited, as required or permitted by applicable law.
If your organization, such as your employer, school, or service provider, provides you with access to and is administering your use of Fenestrae products, contact your organization to learn more about how to access and control your personal data.
Your communications preferences
You can choose whether you wish to receive promotional communications from Fenestrae by email and telephone. If you receive promotional email messages from us and would like to opt out, you can do so by following the directions in that message.
Browser-based controls
When you use a browser, you can control your personal data using certain features. For example:
Cookie controls. You can control the data stored by cookies and withdraw consent to cookies by using the browser-based cookie controls.
Tracking protection. You can control the data third-party sites can collect about you using Tracking Protection in Internet Explorer (versions 9 and up). This feature will block third-party content, including cookies, from any site that is listed in a Tracking Protection List you add.
Cookies and similar technologies
Cookies are small text files placed on your device to store data that can be recalled by a web server in the domain that placed the cookie. This data often consists of a string of numbers and letters that uniquely identifies your computer, but it can contain other information as well. Some cookies are placed by third parties acting on our behalf. We use cookies and similar technologies to store and honor your preferences and settings, enable you to sign-in, provide interest-based advertising, combat fraud, analyze how our products perform, and fulfill other legitimate purposes described below.
Our use of cookies and similar technologies
Fenestrae uses cookies and similar technologies for several purposes, depending on the context or product, including:
Storing your preferences and settings. We use cookies to store your preferences and settings on your device. Saving your preferences with cookies, such as your preferred language, prevents you from having to set your preferences repeatedly.
Sign-in and authentication. We use cookies to authenticate you. When you sign in to a website using an account, we store a unique ID number, and the time you signed in, in an encrypted cookie on your device. This cookie allows you to move from page to page within the site without having to sign in again on each page. You can also save your sign-in information so you do not have to sign in each time you return to the site.
Security. We use cookies to process information that helps us secure our products, as well as detect fraud and abuse.
Analytics. We use first- and third-party cookies and other identifiers to gather usage and performance data. For example, we use cookies to count the number of unique visitors to a web page or service and to develop other statistics about the operations of our products.
Performance. Fenestrae uses cookies to understand and improve how our products perform. For example, we use cookies to gather data that helps with load balancing; this helps ensure that our websites remain up and running.
How to control cookies
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies but provide controls that allow you to block or delete them.
Certain features of Fenestrae products depend on cookies. If you choose to block cookies, you cannot sign in or use some of those features, and preferences that are dependent on cookies will be lost. If you choose to delete cookies, any settings and preferences controlled by those cookies, are deleted and will need to be recreated.
Our retention of personal data
Fenestrae retains personal data for as long as necessary to provide the products and fulfill the transactions you have requested, or for other legitimate purposes such as complying with our legal obligations, resolving disputes, and enforcing our agreements. Because these needs can vary for different data types, the context of our interactions with you or your use of products, actual retention periods can vary significantly.
How to contact us
If you have a privacy concern, complaint, or question for Fenestrae please contact us by our contact details available at our website https://www.fenestrae.com/en/contact/. We will respond to questions or concerns within 30 days.
Privacy Statement
© 2020 Fenestrae
Follow us on Facebook
Follow us on Twitter
Follow us on LinkedIn
Follow us on Youtube