http://www.astrogemini.com/policy.html
English
Deutsch
HOME
DOWNLOADS
PACKs
SUPPORT
CART
(0 items)
Saving...
Find a Screensaver:
Fish Aquarium
Exotic Aquarium
Garden Flowers
Windmill
Flower Clock
Marine Life
Fun Aquarium
Waterfall
Golden Autumn
Lighthouse
Atlantis
Wild Dolphin
Sea Voyage
Sea Storm
Bungalow Aquarium
Mountain Lake
Forest Life
Green Valley
Japanese Garden
Solar System
Planet Earth
Star Wars
Sun
Space Tunnels
Planet Jupiter
Planet Mars
Winter
Valentine's Day
Easter
Winter Night
Christmas Eve
Merry Christmas
Santa's Home
Christmas Time
Spooky Halloween
Haunted Halloween
Halloween in the Attic
Thanksgiving
3D Matrix
Treasure Vault
Dinosaurs
Matrix Corridors
School of Magic
Sword of Valor
Army of Darkness
Egyptian Pyramids
Little Dwarf
Egypt
Pirate Ship
Magic Forest
Tokyo
3D Titanic
Paris
Funny Clock
Beijing
India
Athens
Formula 1
Rome
London
Wild West
New York
Night City
Living Cell
Grandfather Clock
Solar System 3D Screensaver
Winter Night 3D Screensaver
Star Wars 3D Screensaver
Sea Storm 3D Screensaver
Marine Life 3D Screensaver
Around the World: India
Planet Earth 3D Screensaver
Lighthouse 3D Screensaver
Night City 3D Screensaver
Dinosaurs 3D Screensaver
All Screensavers >>
Home » Privacy Policy for Astro Gemini Software
Privacy Policy for Astro Gemini Software
Last modified: November
7, 2008
We have created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm
commitment to your privacy. The following discloses our information gathering
and dissemination practices. We reserve the right to change this policy
from time to time and will post the changes to our website. Please check
it periodically to ensure that you are aware of these changes.
Your continued use of our website will signify your acceptance of these changes.
Personal Information
Any personal details that you provide to our website shall stay absolutely safe,
private, and secure. We respect the importance of information security and
confidentiality and do not disclose or resell it to outside sources.
We will not share your information with any third parties except for verified
secure e-commerce transaction providers. When placing an order, our e-commerce
partner will handle your personal information and keep it absolutely safe and
secure. They have their own privacy policy which is made available to you when
you are referred to their site. In fact, even we cannot access your credit card
information. Your personal information (excluding credit card data) is shared
only with us for administration purposes.
You can always choose not to provide your personal details, even though they
might be needed to make a purchase or to take advantage of some of astrogemini.com's
specific features.
Information that We May Collect from Our Users
Astro Gemini Software may collect personal information to improve the manner by
which we operate and offer our products and services, communicate with you about
those products and services, and provide effective, timely customer support when
needed. We may collect the following information from our users but only if
voluntarily provided to us:
First name, last name, e-mail, billing address, phone number
For processing transactions, we also collect either credit card information or
bank information, depending on your form of payment. We do not store any credit
card information after your transaction is complete.
Cookies
Our website may use cookies to store information about your visits and enhance
your on-line experience. Cookies are small files downloaded to your computer to
track movements within websites. Cookies link to information regarding what items
you have selected for purchase at our store. This information is used to keep track
of your shopping cart. Cookies allow you to take full advantage of some of this
site's coolest features, and we recommend that you leave them turned on. We don't
store any of your personal information in our cookies.
Email Newsletter
Our newsletter is strictly run as an "opt-out" newsletter. We never send unsolicited
emails. Information gathered during voluntary newsletter subscription is restricted
to email address. This information is used solely by Astro Gemini Software and will
not be sold to, or used by, any third party. Astro Gemini Software will use this
information only for sending the regular newsletter about product updates, new
releases and special offers. If you do not want to receive newsletters or other
mail from us, you can always unsubscribe from these at any time. In every email
we send, you will find clear instructions how to do it.
Security
We have taken the appropriate steps and followed industry standards to secure any
personal data stored by our systems. All transactions are processed by the highest
security level protocols ensuring that no one can access or use personal information
in an unauthorized manner.
Credit Card Transactions
We do not store any credit card information (name on credit card, credit card number
and expiry date) for any purchase made on our site.
External Links
This site contains links to other sites. We are not responsible for the privacy
practices or the content of such websites.
Agreement with Astro Gemini Software Policies
By using any of the Astro Gemini Software websites, products, or services, you
signify your understanding of and assent to the Astro Gemini Software Privacy Policy.
If you do not agree to this policy, we strongly urge that you do not use any of Astro
Gemini Software websites, products, or services.
Contact Us about Privacy
If, for any reason, you are concerned with the way that we may be using your
personal information, you would like to request that we cease from using your
personal information, or you wish to file a complaint, please e-mail us using our
Contact webpage.
> About Us
> Partnership
> Links
> Privacy Policy
© 2001-2020 Astro Gemini Software. All rights reserved. "™" and "®"indicate trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective owners.