http://www.nortridge.com/privacy-statement
The Nortridge Privacy Statement
Your privacy is important to us. This statement discloses the privacy practices for this web site.
Our Commitment to Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available from our homepage and every other page on our site.
The Information We Collect
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the Nortridge website. On some pages, you can make requests and register to receive materials. The types of personal information collected at these pages are:
Name
Title
Company Name
Address
Email address
Phone number
The Way We Use Information
We use the information you provide about yourself only to complete your request for information and for follow up communications. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that inquiry.
We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.
You can register with our website if you would like to receive product and company information as well as updates on our new products and services. Information you submit on our website will not be used for this purpose unless you fill out the online form or send us an email requesting such information.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
Our Commitment to Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Our Commitment to Children's Privacy
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13.
How You Can Correct Your Information
You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows error.
To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
How to Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please call us at (714) 573-7988 or send us an e-mail at info@nortridge.com.