https://www.tapdancelive.com/client-services/privacy-statement/
TapDance Live!
TapDance Live! is the leading pre-employment skills testing suite that you can get at flat-rate pricing. Get a free trial now.
Home
Contact Us
Home
Skills Tests
Basic Skills Tests
Keyboarding Skills Tests
Microsoft Word Skills Tests
Microsoft Excel Skills Tests
Products
TapDance® Live! Clerical
TapDance® Live! Office
TapDance® Live! Complete
Markets
Banks
Corporations
Education
Government
Healthcare
Law Firms
Public Safety
Workforce Services
What’s New
Pricing
Free Trial
My Account
Contact Us
Frequently Asked Questions
Privacy Statement
End-User License Agreement
Privacy Statement
TAPDANCE LIVE LLC – TapDance® Live! Skills Tests
Privacy Policy
TAPDANCE LIVE LLC ("TDL") recognizes the importance of online privacy and has created this Privacy Statement to describe the types of information we can (and cannot) collect at   TapDance® Skills Tests and Assessment Platform and Assessment Platform (also called the "Site") from visitors to this Site, and how we can use such information. Unless TDL has entered into a written agreement with you that expressly replaces this Privacy Statement, this Privacy Statement describes the privacy policies that apply to you while you are using this Site.
Personally Identifiable Information, Aggregate Information, and Account Content
Personally identifiable information (or "personal information") is any information that can identify you personally or can be linked to you personally (i.e., name, address, credit card information). TDL will use personal information only in the manner described in this Privacy Statement and will not share personal information with any third party unless you give us your prior consent for such use. "Aggregate information" is any information that cannot be linked to you personally (i.e., statistics regarding numbers and types of visitors). TDL can freely use and share the aggregate information we collect from the Site for our business purposes. Persons who register at the Site and agree to our Site Account Registration Agreement can access and use certain  TapDance® Skills Tests and Assessment Platform and Assessment Platform Accounts. All information that you place into a   TapDance® Skills Tests and Assessment Platform Account is referred to as "Content" whether such information is personally identifying or not, and our policy regarding such. Content is in the   TapDance® Skills Tests and Assessment Platform and Assessment Platform Account Content paragraph below. Nothing in this Privacy Statement will prevent TDL from disclosing any of the above described information to the extent required by TDL's Acceptable Use Policy or "AUP" (found in the Site Account Registration Agreement) or to comply with an applicable rule of law, a request of a government agency, or any other valid legal process (referred to collectively as a "Legal Process").
IP Address
Your computer generates a unique identifier (its IP Address) that is communicated to a Web site when you communicate with the Web site. We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with/administer our Site, and to provide technical support for your   TapDance® Skills Tests and Assessment Platform and Assessment Platform Account.
Cookies
A cookie is an element of data that a Web site can send to your browser and that your browser may then store on your computer system. Your browser will then return the cookie information to the domain where it originated (in this case, the Site). You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it. We use cookies to manage the   TapDance® Skills Tests and Assessment Platform and Assessment Platform Account login process, and to save your password if you do not wish to re-enter it.
Site Account Registration
Any visitor to the Site may register at our Site and create a Site Account. All persons who wish to create or use a TapDance® Skills Tests and Assessment Platform Account are required to create a Site Account. You will provide us with certain information when you register at our Site (including your name, login name, password, and email address). We will use such information for purposes related to your  TapDance® Skills Tests and Assessment Platform Accounts (including to provide support, send notices about maintenance downtime schedules and other administrative matters, or other matters pertinent to your  TapDance® Skills Tests and Assessment Platform Account). We may also use this information to let you know about other products and services that we think may be of interest to you.
Updating/Deleting your Site Account
You may update registration information you provided us with at any time by going to My Account and then clicking " Registration Details." You may delete your Site Account by contacting TDL at the address at the end of this Privacy Statement; however, by deleting your Site Account, you will terminate whatever rights you then have to access your TapDance® Skills Tests and Assessment Platform Account, and unless TDL has otherwise expressly agreed with you in writing, termination of your Site Account will not result in refund of any fees paid to TDL. Unless you expressly request that your Site Account be deleted, you agree that your registration information may be maintained by TDL indefinitely, under the then-most current Privacy Statement.
TapDance® Skills Tests and Assessment Platform Account   Content
Persons who create or are invited to use a TapDance® Skills Tests and Assessment Platform Account may place information into such  TapDance® Skills Tests and Assessment Platform Account (documents, files and other data) referred to as the "Content." Neither TDL nor any agent of TDL will in any way access or view any such Content except as required to resolve a technical support issue, in the event of a violation or suspected violation of the AUP, to transfer the Content of a TapDance® Skills Tests and Assessment Platform Account to the Coordinator of the TapDance® Skills Tests and Assessment Platform Account upon termination of the  TapDance® Skills Tests and Assessment Platform Account, or to comply with a Legal Process. In every case where TDL accesses Content, TDL will either obtain prior approval from the Coordinator of the TapDance® Skills Tests and Assessment Platform Account, or promptly inform the Coordinator after such access. In all cases, TDL will treat the Content as confidential information unless otherwise required by the AUP or a Legal Process. The Coordinator of a TapDance® Skills Tests and Assessment Platform Account is the member whose membership level is designated as "Coordinator;" or in his/her absence the person named the "Payer of the  TapDance® Skills Tests and Assessment Platform Account."
TapDance® Skills Tests and Assessment Platform Account Use
TDL may gather information regarding access to/frequency of use of your  TapDance® Skills Tests and Assessment Platform Account. We will use such information for security purposes and to identify  TapDance® Skills Tests and Assessment Platform Accounts that have been abandoned or to determine other  TapDance® Skills Tests and Assessment Platform Account-related services that may be useful to you.
Partners and Other Sites
This Privacy Policy is for  TapDance® Skills Tests and Assessment Platform and does not govern any links from our site.
Financial Information
TDL charges fees for certain of the products and services available through the Site. To the extent you order such a product or service, we will collect financial information from you (like your name, credit card number, billing address). Financial information is used only to bill you for ordered products and services.
Security
In order to protect the privacy of the personal information you supply us, TDL and its network supplier implement industry standard security features including use of SSL encryption and Virtual PrivateNetworks, firewalls, back-ups, passwords, and audits. You acknowledge, however, that no security system is completely error free, hacker proof, or failsafe, and as such TDL does not makeany warranties of privacy.
Choice/Opt-Out
From time to time, we may inform you about products or services indirectly related to your  TapDance® Skills Tests and Assessment Platform Account through our member bulletin. When you register, you will be given the option not to have your name included on our member bulletin list. If you wish to opt out at a later date, you can do so by going to your My Registration page and changing the member bulletin option box. Please note, however, that as long as you are a TapDance® Skills Tests and Assessment Platform user, you may not opt out of receiving standard administrative emails from TDL related to your  TapDance® Skills Tests and Assessment Platform Account(s).
Changes to this Privacy Policy
TDL may change this Privacy Policy from time to time by posting updated policies to this location, and we will send e-mail about any material changes to registered users of  TapDance® Skills Tests and Assessment Platform Accounts. To the extent we expand the way in which we may use your personal information, we will provide you with at least 30 days prior notice via e-mail. You will be given the option of opting out of the personal information use changes, although you may also be required to terminate your  TapDance® Skills Tests and Assessment Platform services in such case.
Contacting the Site
If you have any questions about this Privacy Statement, the practices of this Site, or your dealings with this Site, you can contact:
TAPDANCE LIVE LLC. U.S.A. 800.569.7371
info@TapDanceLive.com
Copyright (C) 2006-2015 by TapDance Live LLC. All rights reserved.