http://www.formbuddy.com/privacy.html
Home
Sign Up
Instructions
FAQ
Contact
Setup your:
Form
Auto Responder
Ad Policy
FAQ
Report Abuse
Link to us
For GOLD members:
FormBuddy with file upload
Webmaster Forums
Visit our webmaster forums for fast track support and webmaster related discussion
Privacy Statement for FormBuddy.com
FormBuddy.com
has created this privacy
statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy.
The following discloses the information gathering and
dissemination practices for this Web site:
FormBuddy.com
Information Automatically Logged
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our Web site.
Advertisers
We allow third-party
companies to serve ads and/or collect certain anonymous information when
you visit our web site. These companies may use non-personally
identifiable information (e.g., click stream information, browser type,
time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over)
during your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide
advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest
to you. These companies typically use a cookie or third party web
beacon to collect this information. To learn more about this behavioral
advertising practice or to opt-out of this type of advertising, you can
visit networkadvertising.org.
Registration Forms
Our site's registration form requires users to give us contact information (like their name, email, and postal address), and unique identifiers (like their social security number).
Contact information from the registration forms is used to get in touch with the customer when necessary.
Unique identifiers (such as social security numbers) are collected from Web site visitors for use as account numbers in our record system.
External Links
This site contains links to other sites.
FormBuddy.com
is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Data Quality/Access
This site gives users the following options for changing and modifying information previously provided:
You can send email to ajayr at formbuddy dot com
You can visit the following URL:
http://www.formbuddy.com/
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact:
ajayr at formbuddy dot com
Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Link to us | Webmaster Forums | Contact | Sitemap
© Copyright 2000-2005 Ajay R