https://www.dealersocket.com/privacy-policy/
DealerSocket Privacy Policy
Last Updated: November 2019
At DealerSocket, we recognize that privacy is important to our customers, so we design and operate our services with the protection of your personal information in mind. This Privacy Policy applies to DealerSocket and our subsidiaries ("DealerSocket") and outlines the types of personal information that we collect when you use DealerSocket's website, email addresses, apps, and visit us at tradeshows or events (collectively, the "services") or when you contact us in any manner. It also describes how we use your personal information, and some of the steps that we take to safeguard it. Should we ask you to provide any personally identifiable information when using this website, it will only be used in accordance with this privacy policy.
As a general practice, DealerSocket aims to make it as simple as possible for you to control the personal information that you share, including what's visible to the public, and captured by search engines.
This policy is reviewed and updated annually in accordance with applicable privacy regulations. If you have questions or concerns about your personal information or this policy, please contact privacy@dealersocket.com.
Data Collection
The personal information we collect depends on how you interact with us, the services you use, and the choices you make.
Information you provide directly
Some of our services require you to register for a customer account. DealerSocket asks you for personal information (typically your name, email address and a password for your account) to create and secure this account. For certain services, we may request credit card or other payment information. When you contact us to schedule a demo or for information about our services, we may also collect information about your job description (such as your position, role or title), company or industry, the state or country where you reside, and a phone number.
Information collected automatically
As further described in the "Cookies and Similar Technologies" section below, when you use our services, some information is collected automatically. For example, when you visit our websites, our web servers automatically log your computer's operating system, Internet Protocol address, access times, browser type and language, the website you visited before our site, and your activity on our websites.
Data Use
DealerSocket uses personal information collected through our services for purposes described in this privacy policy or otherwise disclosed to you. We use this information to understand your needs and interests, and to provide you with a better, more customized user experience while we provide the information you seek. For example, we use personal information to:
provide and deliver our services, including securing, troubleshooting, improving, and personalizing those services;
manage our business processes, such as improving our internal operations, securing our systems, and detecting fraudulent or illegal activity;
understand you and your preferences to enhance your experience and enjoyment while using our services;
provide customer support and respond to your questions;
send you information, including confirmations, invoices, technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages;
communicate with you about new services, offers, promotions, rewards, contests, upcoming events, and other information about our services and those of our selected partners (see the "Your Privacy Choices/Opt-Out" section of this privacy policy for how to change your user preferences about marketing emails we may send); and
display advertising to you (see the "Cookies and Similar Technologies" section of this privacy policy for information about your advertising choices)
In the course of carrying out these commitments, we combine data that we collect from different sources to give you a more seamless, consistent, and personalized experience.
Cookies and Similar Technologies
DealerSocket uses cookies, pixels, and similar technologies to operate our websites and online services. Cookies are small text files placed on your device that can be read by a web server that placed the cookie. We use cookies to remember your preferences and settings, enable you to sign-in, provide interest-based advertising, improve the quality of our services and to better understand how people interact with us. DealerSocket does this by storing user preferences in cookies and by tracking user trends and patterns of how people search. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
Our websites may include web beacons and cookies from third-party service providers. In some cases, that is because we have hired the third-party to provide services on our behalf, such as site analytics (see "Google Analytics" section below). Because your browser connects to those third-parties' web servers to retrieve that content, those third-parties can set or read their own cookies on your device and may collect information about your online activities across websites or online services.
Many of the third-party providers are members of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) or Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) that individually provide a simple way to opt-out of ad targeting from participating companies. You can access a list of members at http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.aspx and http://www.aboutads.info/choices/.
Most browsers have controls that limit how websites can use cookies. Instructions for blocking or deleting cookies may be available in each browser's privacy or user help documentation. Please be aware that if you choose to block cookies, certain website features that depend on cookies may no longer function. If you choose to delete cookies, settings and preferences controlled by those cookies (including advertising preferences), all of your preference may be deleted and therefore may require you to recreate them if necessary.
Links to Other Websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over the linked websites. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide while visiting such sites as these sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Information Sharing and Transfers
We will not distribute your personal information to third-parties unless we have your consent and permission to do so, need to share it in order to provide services to you, or are legally required to disclose such information by law. We share personal information with subsidiaries and trusted businesses or persons working on our behalf for the purposes described below.
If you have an account, we may share the information submitted under your account among all our services to provide you with a seamless experience and to improve the quality of our services. We will not disclose your account information to other people or non-affiliated companies, except in the limited circumstances described in this Policy or with your prior consent. We may also disclose and transfer personal information in connection with or preparation for a corporate transaction, such as a merger, transfer, divestiture, or sale of all (or a portion of) our business or assets.
We may store and process personal information collected on our site in the United States or any other country in which DealerSocket Inc., or its agents maintain facilities. While such information is outside of your country of residence, it is subject to the laws of such other countries, and may be subject to disclosure to the governments, courts or law enforcement or regulatory agencies of such other country, pursuant to the laws of such country.
To opt-out of having your personal information shared (for reasons other than listed above) or sold, you may email us at privacy@dealersocket.com. DealerSocket does not discriminate against consumers for opting-out of the sale of their personal information.
Aggregated Information
In addition, we may share aggregated, anonymized information about consumer activities, user decisions and/or purchasing practices with business partners, advertisers, and others to assist with the information services provided on our website. Such information is not linked to any information that can identify individual users.
Google Analytics
Prior to registering for an account with DealerSocket, you are informed of our information sharing practices through your review of our Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions. Acceptance of these policies and practices enable our use of Google Analytics, which we use to better understand user behavior in connection with the applications we provide.
You may opt-out of having your activity tracked by Google Analytics (enabled by the use of our cookies) by following the guidance provided earlier in this policy entitled "Cookies and Similar Technologies".
Google allows you to install the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on for your browser. Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on provides visitors with the ability to restrict their data from being collected and used by Google Analytics via the browsers in which it is installed.
Specific Services
We may have agreements with other parties to provide you with specific additional services, including, without limitation, third-party hosted collaboration tools and other hosted services. When you use such services, we may share personally identifiable information with such parties. In such cases, we will use reasonable efforts to restrict the information provided to the information necessary for the provision of such services.
Exercising Individual Rights
DealerSocket acknowledges that all individuals have various rights regarding their personal information and the personal information that we maintain about them. See below for a listing of these rights:
Right to know all data collected by a business about you.
Right to say no to the sale of your information (opt-out).
Right to delete your data.
Right to be informed of what categories of data will be collected about you prior to its collection and to be informed of any changes to this collection.
Mandated opt-in before sale of children's (under the age of 16) information.
Right to know the categories of third parties with whom your data is shared.
Right to know the categories of sources of information from which your data was acquired.
Right to know the business or commercial purpose of collecting your information:
Reasonable and necessary business purposes required to collect personal data
Process of data pseudonymization (de-identified information)
Private right of action when companies breach your data, to make sure your information is kept safe and secured.
An individual who seeks access to, amend, or delete their personal information, can do so directly by accessing their online account via the DealerSocket website where the user established their account. Specifically, for information shared within your online account, you retain control over the content you provided, or other materials you provide to us through the sites (the "user content"). However, you grant us (and our employees and service providers) a worldwide, irrevocable, perpetual, fully-paid license to use such user content in any manner reasonably necessary for us to operate and provide services in connection with the sites.
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for a box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used for direct marketing purposes (if available),
If you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for updates to the service, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at info@dealersocket.com.
Also, online account users can remove their personal information by deleting or 'erasing' the information they originally provided from their account.
For all other requests that cannot be completed by the individual, please submit your request via one of the following options below:
Email privacy@dealersocket.com, or
Send correspondence to the address listed in the "Contact Us" section
Response Time
We will use reasonable efforts to respond to your request. Depending on the complexity of your request and the volume of requests DealerSocket is currently processing at that time, it could take up to 30 days or longer to receive a response. If we believe that more time is required, we will notify of you our intended deadline extension in order to fulfill your request. If you require a more immediate change to your personally identifiable information and are unable to make such a change using the available website features, please email us at privacy@dealersocket.com.
Your Privacy Choices - Opt-out
Marketing: DealerSocket provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving marketing email messages from us or to change preferences via a link in the footer of our marketing email messages. Alternatively you may email us at privacy@dealersocket.com.
Online Advertising: To learn some of the ways that you can opt-out of targeted online advertising, see the section above titled "Cookies and Similar Technologies" for more information. Please note that DealerSocket does not have access to or direct control over cookies or other technologies third-parties may use to collect information about your interests, and the information practices are not covered by this privacy policy. Some of these companies offer an opt-out online and for mobile ad targeting. To learn more, please visit the Network Advertising Initiative or Digital Advertising Alliance. In Canada, please visit Digital Advertising Alliance Canada.
Do Not Track. Some browsers have incorporated "Do Not Track" (DNT) features that can send a signal to the websites you visit indicating you do not wish to be tracked. Because there is not a common understanding of how to interpret the DNT signal, our websites do not currently respond to browser DNT signals. Instead, you can use the range of other tools to control data collection and use, including the cookie controls and advertising controls described above.
Information Security
We are committed to ensuring that your personal information is secure. To prevent unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction of your personal information, we have put in place the appropriate physical, administrative and technical controls and procedures to safeguard and secure the information that you provide to DealerSocket.
Misappropriation of Personal Information
For the purposes of any applicable law regarding notification of persons whose personal information was, or is reasonably believed to have been, acquired by an unauthorized person, our information security policy provides that any required notification may, where permitted by law, be made using email in addition to posting a notice on our website. Where any notice is to be sent to a specific email address, we will use the latest available address in our records. EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT PROHIBITED BY LAW, YOU AGREE TO THIS MEANS OF NOTIFICATION.
Personal Information of Minors
The Children's Online Privacy and Protection Act (COPPA) regulates the online collection of personal information from persons under the age of 13. It is DealerSocket's policy that individuals under the age of 18 do not establish an account on the website. We refrain from knowingly collecting or maintaining personally identifiable information relating to any person under the age of 18. If you are under the age of 18 and believe you have already provided personally identifiable information through the site, please have your parent or guardian contact us immediately using the contact information at this bottom of this policy titled "Contact Us" so that we can ensure the account and related information is removed.
Financial Incentives
DealerSocket does not engage in any financial incentive programs and therefore does not seek opt-in consent from individuals for financial incentive programs.
Exceptions
Except as stated below, we will use information in accordance with this Policy. Notwithstanding anything else in this Policy to the contrary, we may collect personally identifiable information and use and disclose such information in ways other than those described above if we are required to do so by any applicable law or if we deem it advisable and lawful in the course of (i) assisting law enforcement activities, or (ii) investigating and resolving disputes between users; and (iii) protecting our site(s) or other property, including, without limitation, investigating, preventing or taking action with respect to illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving the potential safety of any person, violations of DealerSocket's terms of use, or as otherwise required by law. We reserve the right to use and disclose any information that you provide to us if we deem it advisable in the prosecution or defense of any litigation involving your use of our site.
Changes to this Policy
We will update this Privacy Policy from time to time to reflect changes in our services, how we use personal information, or the applicable law. We will post those changes on this page and, if the changes are material, we will also provide notice or obtain consent regarding such changes as may be required by law. Each version will be noted at the top of the page.
Contact Us
If you have any additional questions, please feel free to contact us any time at:
Data Privacy Officers: Matthew Hemmert and Greg Tatum
7301 State Hwy 161Irving, TX 75039
949-900-0300
privacy@dealersocket.com
For inquiries regarding CCPA click here.