http://www.digitizerzone.com/policy.html
Home
Products
Support
Downloads
Policies
Contact
Call For Quote -
Product Information
GTCO
AccuTab VI
Surface-Lit AccuTab
QuikRuler III
QuikRuler Bundles
Roll-Up III
Super L VI
CalComp
CADPro
DrawingBoard VI
• Small Format
• Large Format
Software
Ziatek Crystal
Ziatek Power Takeoff
Ziatek RoofMaster
Parts/Accessories
GTCO Accessories
CalComp Accessories
All Accessories by Part No.
Digitizer Stands
GTCO Versa Tables
Support
Technical Support
Downloads
Resources
Government Services
DigitizerZone Policies
Terms & Conditions | Purchases | Pricing & Errors | Returned/Late Checks | Cancellations &
Returns | Compatibility | Warranty Replacement | Shipping | Technical Support
Terms and Conditions
Here at DigitizerZone, we do our very best to provide you with the safest possible shopping environment.
We have taken many precautions to protect your identity and safeguard all of your personal information
from prying eyes on the internet and elsewhere. As members of the BBB, (Better Business Bureau) we have
agreed and comply to a stringent set of better business practices.
Check our BBB Rating
For that reason, we ask that you please read the following information carefully. By using this website or
submitting an order for products, you indicate your acceptance of, and agreement to be bound by the terms and
conditions set forth below. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, please do not submit any orders.
Making Purchases
If you decide to purchase from this website, you will be asked to supply
certain information, including but not limited to credit card information.
By purchasing you agree that all information you provide to us will be
accurate, complete and current. You agree to pay all charges incurred by
authorized users of your account and credit card at the prices in effect
when such charges are incurred. You will also be responsible for paying
any applicable taxes and shipping charges related to your purchases.
Privacy and Security
At DigitizerZone, we value your trust and respect your privacy.
This information about our privacy and security policy applies to all U.S. transactions
(on our Internet web sites or catalog businesses).
The email address and other personal information you choose to share with us is protected at all times.
We maintain a strict office policy which allows only authorized individuals to have access to your
personal information. Also, in accordance with the leading credit card processing companies, credit card
verification values (CVV, CVC) are never stored by us in any manner. Your email address information is never
sold or assigned to a third party. It is only used by us to communicate with you about your purchase or to
inform you about one of our special promotional offers.
Our web site and shopping cart are "Secure Sites" recognized by McAfee and Control Scan, both leading computer network security companies.
If you believe that someone has improperly used your personally identifiable information or has made unauthorized
purchases using your credit information, please contact us immediately. As a member of the Better Business Bureau
and BBBOnline, we will do our best to resolve any customer service complaints promptly in accordance with BBB procedures.
Pricing and Typographical Errors
All prices are subject to change without notice. We make every effort to
provide you with the most up-to-date information. Despite our best
efforts, information or pricing on some items on this website may be incorrect.
In the event that a product is listed with
incorrect information or price due to a typographical, or other error,
DigitizerZone reserves the right to refuse or cancel your order, or you
may choose to purchase the item at the corrected price.
While we make every effort to verify prices
before charging your credit card, DigitizerZone shall reserve the right to
refuse or cancel any orders placed on incorrectly priced items whether or
not the order has been confirmed and your credit card has been charged. In
the event such a situation occurs, DigitizerZone will make every effort to
contact you to resolve the issue in a timely and mutually acceptable
manner.
Returned Check and Late Payment Charges
Digitizerzone or Premier LTD. its parent company, shall assess a
$50.00 charge against any company, organization or person who issues a
check or draft in payment of goods or services received and such check or
draft is returned for insufficient funds or lack of an account or
otherwise dishonored by the bank, savings and loan institution or credit
union on which it is drawn.
Any company, organization or person that has been assigned "Payment Terms" and is late paying according to those terms shall pay an additional 1.5% per month on the entire balance due and forfeit any discounts that may have been offered at the time of the sale.
Cancellation Policy
All cancellations must be made before the order ships. Products paid for in advance by check or money order will not incur any cancellation charges. Products purchased using a credit card, wire transfer or electronic check will be charged a 5% cancellation charge to offset the
bank processing fees.
Compatibility Policy
All digitizers sold on this site are guaranteed to be compatible with
computers having a RS-232 serial port and/or a USB 1.1/2.0 port.
They are NOT however, guaranteed to be compatible with all software
applications. You, the customer, are responsible for software
compatibility. If you are unsure, contact your software manufacturer
and verify compatibility before purchasing any product.
Non-Warranty Return Policy
An RMA number must be obtained from Digitizerzone within 20 days from the
date of delivery before any returns will be
accepted. These approved non-warranty returns must be shipped in the original packaging and must
include all components, software and documentation in original
"new" condition. You, the customer are responsible for return shipping
charges. These approved non-warranty returns are subject to a 15% return service fee plus
all shipping charges, credit card service fees and other costs not paid by customer.
A request for an RMA number after 20 days from the
date of delivery may or may not be accepted by the manufacturer. If it is accepted, these approved returns must be shipped in the original packaging and must
include all components, software and documentation in original
"new" condition. Customer is responsible for all return shipping
charges. Non-warranty returns approved after 20 days and before 45 days are subject to a 25% return service fee plus all shipping charges, credit card service fees and other costs not paid by customer. Non-warranty returns approved after 45 days and before 60 days are subject to a 50% return service fee plus all shipping charges, credit card service fees and other costs not paid by customer.
Non-warranty returns will not be accepted after 61 days from the date of delivery.
Warranty Replacement Policy
All warranties are handled through the respective manufacturer. All DOA and defective products must be identified as defective by a manufacturers representative prior to return*. Product DOA period is ninety (90) days following the date of purchase by the original owner.
Shipping for all DOA products is arranged by the manufacturer. Software incompatibility does not constitute a warranty return situation.
Shipping
All orders require a processing time of 1-2 business days prior to shipping.
We do not offer International/Canadian shipping at this time.
All orders shipped to addresses in CA will be charged state sales tax.
Free Shipping: All digitizers are shipped free via standard ground service (5 to 8 business days) by a shipper	of our choice to destinations within the 48 contiguous states in the United States. Shipments to Alaska, Hawaii and all other U.S. territories will be subject to additional charges.
2nd Day Shipping: All orders received before 11:00 AM Pacific time require 1-2 business days of processing time prior to shipping to an address within the 48 contiguous states in the United States.
If your shipping address is in Alaska, Hawaii or any
U.S. territory, you will be notified and advised of any additional charges. 2nd Day shipments should be received before the end of the 2nd business day after shipping.
Tracking information will be furnished upon request.
If the item(s) purchased are not immediately in stock and cannot ship on time, you will be notified and advised of the shipping schedule.
You may cancel your order with no penalty if the shipping schedule does not meet with your approval.
Next Day Shipping: All orders received before 11:00 AM Pacific time require 1-2 business days of processing time prior to shipping to an address within the 48 contiguous states in the United States.
If your shipping address is in Alaska, Hawaii or any
U.S. territory, you will be notified and advised of any additional charges.
Next Day shipments should be received before the end of the Next business day after shipping.
Tracking information will be furnished upon request.
If the item(s) purchased are not immediately in stock and cannot ship on time, you will be notified and advised of the shipping schedule.
You may cancel your order with no penalty if the shipping schedule does not meet with your approval.
*Call the manufacturer listed below that corresponds to your product:
GTCO: (410) 381-6688
CalComp: (480) 443-2458
Summagraphics: (480) 443-2458
Technical Support Policy
Digitizer Support is provided by the manufacturer of the product.
Fees may apply. Call manufacturer for details.
GTCO: (410) 312-9221
CalComp: (480) 443-2214
Summagraphics: (480) 443-2214
Site Information
Call For Quote -
An Equipment Leasing Company
© 1995-2015 DigitizerZone.
Home |
Products |
Support |
Downloads |
Policies |
Contact |
Resources |
Site Map