http://www.alias.ltd.uk/privacy.asp
Intergraph
Contact Us
Worldwide
Site Map    Search
Electronic Information Privacy Notice
Your privacy is very important to Intergraph. Intergraph has put privacy
protections in place to help you maintain control over your personal information
while fostering the growth of a more interactive, engaging, and personalized web
experience. Below are the guidelines we use for protecting any information you
provide during a visit to our Website.
Consistent with our commitment to privacy, Intergraph Corporation has
self-certified to the United States Department of Commerce’s Safe Harbor Program
with respect to personal information transferred from the European Union. The
Safe Harbor Principles in some cases may require Intergraph to handle EU
personal information differently than described below.
Scope of This Notice:
This Privacy Notice (“Notice”) applies to all personal information collected
online by Intergraph. This Notice covers all Websites and domains of Intergraph
and its subsidiaries worldwide.
Collection and Use of Information:
In general, you can visit Intergraph's Website and access information while
remaining anonymous and without revealing any personal information. When you
enter our Website we can determine your domain name and what browser and
operating system you are using, but we cannot determine any personal information
about you. Intergraph uses this information only to scale technical
implementation to match our audience's browser capabilities.
When requesting information from us, or entering secure areas of our Website,
we do require that you provide some information about yourself by "registering"
or completing an online form. For example, situations where we will ask you to
provide information include, but are not limited to:
When requesting or purchasing software, license keys or printed materials;
When subscribing to Intergraph publications or mailing lists (you will be
able to "unsubscribe" at any time);
When requesting product information or other information from Intergraph;
When registering for a user forum or to attend an Intergraph-sponsored
event;
When participating in contests or surveys;
When registering an Intergraph product you have purchased; and
When entering a limited-access, premium portion of our Website, such as our
customer support knowledge base, you must "register" to receive a username and
password.
The information we require is necessary to fulfill your request and to
provide you further information about our products, services and support.
We may ask additional questions about the primary business and size of your
company, your professional role, or what products you currently use so that we
can better tailor our Website and communications to your needs. Each online form
will clearly specify which information is required and which is optional.
If you choose not to register and provide personal information, you can still
use most of the Intergraph Website. However, you will not be able to access
areas or receive services that require registration.
Some third-party companies may choose to share their personal information
with Intergraph; that sharing is governed by that third-party company’s privacy
policy, not this Intergraph Privacy Notice.
When We Disclose Your Information:
Without your consent, Intergraph will not share any personal information you
provide online with any third party that is not an Intergraph agent,
distributor, business partner, or affiliate, except to the limited extent
necessary to fulfill your request for products, services, or support. Intergraph
reserves the right, however, to disclose information as required by applicable
law, in order to protect its rights or property, or in case Intergraph or a
portion of its assets is sold.
Access and Accuracy
Upon request, Intergraph will provide you with reasonable access to your
personal information collected online, and will make reasonable efforts to
correct, amend or delete such information, as appropriate.
Your Choices:
If you would like to change the types of communications you receive from
Intergraph, please direct such requests to us by using the “Contact Us” link at
the top of every Web page. Please provide your name, country, and a method to
contact you so that we may appropriately respond to your request.
Cookies:
The Intergraph Website presently employs cookies in several ways. First, we
offer a cookie, which serves as your identification card whenever you visit our
site. When you first fill out an online form anywhere within the site, your
acceptance of this cookie allows our site to "remember" the information you
submitted (name, address, phone number, etc.). Whenever you return and fill out
another form within our site, all your information is re-displayed for your
convenience. You don't have to enter this information again, unless it has
changed!
The Intergraph Website also uses cookies to track your content preferences.
Some sections of our site allow you to view content based on your interests. The
first time you select your content preference, we offer you a cookie, which
allows us to remember this preference. This means that you do not need to select
the content type of every page you visit--we'll do that for you
automatically.
You are always in control of what cookies, if any, you accept via settings
within your browser. Your browser can also alert you whenever a Web server
offers you a cookie.
Outside Links
The Intergraph Websites may provide links to third-party websites for your
convenience and information. If you access those links, you will leave the
Intergraph Website. Intergraph does not control those sites or their privacy
practices, which may differ from Intergraph’s. We encourage you to review the
privacy policy of any company before submitting your personal information.
How to Contact Us
If you have questions or concerns about this Notice or Intergraph’s treatment
of your personal information, or would like to access or correct your personal
information, please contact us at:
Intergraph Corporation
Email: privacy@intergraph.com
Attn: Privacy
Officer
Mail Stop IW2008
P.O. Box 240000
Huntsville, Alabama
35813
Phone: (256) 730-2333
Changes to this Privacy Notice
The practices described in this Notice are current as of the later of the
effective date or revision date specified at the bottom of this document.
Intergraph reserves the right to periodically update this Notice. Notice of any
revisions will be posted to this page.
Thank you for your interest in Intergraph. We hope your visit to our Website
is pleasant and productive.
Last updated June 29, 2006
Right Hand Column
Terms of Use
| Privacy
| Subscribe