https://www.archos.com/us/corporate/company/privacy_policy.html?bottom=y
Privacy policy
Updated May 25, 2018
The new General Regulation on the Protection of Personal Data (known as GDPR), which aims to simplify and harmonize the legislation
on personal data in the European Union, came into force on May 25, 2018.
ARCHOS is extremely attentive to the confidentiality and security of your data. In this "Privacy Policy", we detail precisely the data
we collect, the treatments we apply to them, the length of time we keep them, the measures we take to ensure their safety and your privacy,
the rights you have on these data and how to exercise them.
1.	Controller and contact
The data controller is: Archos SA, 12 rue Ampere - 91430 Zi Igny, registered at Evry RCS under number 343 902 821.
Individual identification number: FR82343902821. To contact Archos about the privacy policy and / or the management
of personal data please use the address:
privacy@archos.com
2.	Collection of your personal information
Whenever you provide personal information via the Archos website, we will inform you of the use we make of it.
In any case, your information will remain confidential. The type of private personal information we collect depends
on your use of the Archos website.
Commercial data or customer support
When placing an order or placing a request to our after-sales support, we ask you to register in our user database.
In this context we collect and save information such as your name, address, phone number, e-mail address.
This information is necessary for the proper processing of your order, delivery, billing and follow-up of your support requests.
Cookies
Cookies are text files, often encrypted, stored in your browser. They are created when the browser of a user loads a given website:
the site sends information to the browser, which creates a text file. Each time the user returns to the same site, the browser
retrieves this file and sends it to the server of the website.
We use three types of cookies, which do not have the same purposes:
•Technical cookies are used throughout your navigation to facilitate and perform certain functions.
A technical cookie can for example be used to memorize the answers filled in a form or your preferences
regarding the language or the presentation of the site.
•	Web-analytics cookies are used throughout your browsing, to allow us to track anonymously and aggregated your browsing.
We use the services of the Google Analytics audience measurement tool. To know the rules followed by Google regarding the management
of these cookies, we invite you to visit the Google page dedicated to this.
•	Advertising cookies may be created not only by our website, but also by other sites displaying advertisements, ads, widgets or
other items on the displayed page. These cookies are used to offer advertising content, including targeted advertising, that is to say
advertising determined according to your navigation.
We remind you that you can block use of cookies by configuring your own browser. This could however prevent the proper functioning of the Site.
The setting of cookies is different for each browser and generally described in the help menus.
3.	How do we use your personal information (purpose)
The personal information that you provide to Archos when registering and purchasing our products on our website is only
used for the processing of your orders, delivery, billing, customer support service and to meet your requests. We also offer
to register to receive our product information and commercial offers thereafter but this is not a mandatory procedure and only
users who have agreed to receive our offers will be affected. "Cookies" are used to improve the presentation of our site and our
offers, the navigation on the site and the return of more relevant information. Archos will send you emails only if you have chosen
to receive them or if they are in response to your questions or with the processing of support requests or the management of your orders.
If we wish to use your information for purposes other than those set out above, we will not do so without a preliminary and formal agreement
on your part.
4.	Disclosure of your information
The information collected is strictly confidential and the Personal Data are communicated for the sole purpose of achieving
the purpose for which they are collected, in accordance with this Policy. Archos undertakes not to reveal, sell, distribute, rent,
share or transmit your information to third parties other than those who have a contract with ARCHOS making this transmission necessary
and this only as part of the provision by Archos of the services described above (order registration, delivery of ordered products or
management of requests for after-sales support). Where applicable, these service providers are subject to the same restrictions and rules
of confidentiality and protection of personal data as those set out above. It is possible that we are legally obliged to disclose your
Personal Data to the competent authorities in accordance with the applicable legislative framework.
5.	Security of your information
We undertake to take all necessary precautions, organizational measures and appropriate techniques to ensure a level
of security adapted to the risk, implying in particular the implementation of means intended to preserve the security,
the integrity and the confidentiality of your Personal Data and in particular, prevent it from being distorted, damaged
or unauthorized third parties having access to it.
6.	How to access, correct or update your information
You will always have access to the information you have provided to correct it.
Deletion: You can ask us to delete the personal information provided for the creation of your account by sending an email to privacy@archos.com,
following steps detailed in section 11 below. You can also inform us at any time that you no longer want to receive commercial communication from us using the "unsubscribe" field on sent
emails or by unchecking the box on your user account.
7.	Data retention period
The personal data that you entrust to us are kept:
•	For a period not exceeding the legal duration for the data necessary for the smooth running of the commercial relationship (Orders, deliveries, billing)
•	For a maximum of three years after the last consultation for your account data (customer account or support account)
•	As long as you have not made a request to unsubscribe for those who have requested to receive our promotional information.
8.	Children and privacy
The safety of children is very important to us. We ask that children under the age of 16 be accompanied by a guardian or their parents when registering on our website.
It is the parents' responsibility to monitor the use of the Internet by their children. In order to limit the extent of collection of personal information we do not ask for
the age or birth date of users who create an account.
9.	What else do you need to know about privacy?
Remember to close your browser when you have finished your user session. This is to make sure that other people can't access your personal information
and correspondence if you share a computer with someone else or use a computer in a public place such as a library or Internet café.
As an individual, you are responsible for security and access to your computer. Be aware that when you voluntarily give your personal data on the Internet
(for example: in discussion forums, by email or on chat sites) these can be used by third parties. In short, if you leave your information open, you may be
prompted to receive unsolicited messages.
10.	Your agreement
By using this site, you agree to our privacy policy. We reserve the right to modify, add or remove sections of this policy at any time and therefore
invite you to visit this page on your next visits. If you have given us your contact details, you will be informed of updates to our privacy and personal
data processing rules.
11.	Exercising your rights
Under the conditions and limits set by the law in force, you have the following rights to the personal data that we collect and use according to the methods
previously described:
•	ask us to access your Personal Data;
•	ask us to correct or delete them;
•	request the limitation of the treatment (s) you are receiving;
•	oppose treatment;
•	obtain the communication of your Personal Data in a structured and standard format;
•	withdraw your consent at any time, when it constitutes the legal basis of the treatment, without prejudice to the lawfulness of the treatment based
on your consent and carried out prior to its withdrawal;
•	define guidelines regarding the fate of your Personal Data following your death;
•	lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority.
These rights can be exercised at any time and at no cost by sending an e-mail to the following address: privacy@archos.com.
IMPORTANT : Your request must include your name, surname, customer number (if applicable), address and a copy of an ID (driver's license, passport, ID card) so that
we can identify you and the nature the request (s) that you formulate in this context. You will also need to specify the e-mail address to which you wish to receive the reply.
We remind you that you also have the possibility to access, modify and delete some of your Personal Data by logging directly into your customer account.
12.	Links to third party websites
Note that this site may contain links to the websites of third parties and although selecting our partners, we can't fully control the content of their site.
As a result, we can't be held responsible for their privacy practices. We invite you in this context to refer to their own rules generally available on their websites.
Thank you for taking the time to read the ARCHOS Privacy Policy