https://www.lbmc.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
LBMC, PC is committed to protecting your privacy. We will never rent, sell, or give your e-mail address to any other person or organization.
Who we are
Our website address is: http://www.lbmc.com.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
LBMC collects information on your use of the website, such as pages visited, links clicked, non-sensitive text entered, and mouse movements, as well as information more commonly collected such as the referring URL, browser, operating system, and Internet Protocol (“IP”) address. We use publicly available sources to approximate your geographic region and Internet Service Provider based on your IP address. We use the term “Usage Data” to refer to this information about your use of the Site that we collect. LBMC’s purpose in collecting Usage Data is to better understand how our visitors use the website.
LBMC collects information that may be personally identifiable, such as IP addresses. Also, you may choose to interact with the website in a way that results in your providing personal information to LBMC, such as your name, email address, phone number and company name when signing up a newsletter or creating an account to share your resume.
Cookies on our site
We use first party cookies, third party cookies and other tracking technologies in order to analyze your use of our pages. We use this information to improve the site so that it works as you expect it to, and is designed to give you a better web experience.
Analytics & Customization Cookies: These cookies collect information that is used either in aggregate form to help us understand how our websites are being used or how effective our marketing campaigns are, or to help us customize our websites and applications for you in order to enhance your experience.
If you fill out a form on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Sites We Link To
LBMC links to other Web sites which may provide you with additional information on technical products and services. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of these additional Web sites.
Our Contact
On occasion, LBMC, PC sends out newsletters, event notices, and press releases. These messages are sent to you as a result of your previous business interactions with LBMC. If at any time you wish to stop receiving these messages, please use our subscription center to update your preferences.
How long we retain your data
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Contact Us
Learn more about our solutions and how we can help you be more efficient.
Get In Touch
Privacy OverviewThis website uses cookies to monitor site performance and analytics to improve your online experience. By using this website, you agree to our use of cookies as outlined in our privacy policy. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.