http://www.imprint-e.com/privacy-policy/
(855) 745-4464
customer_service@imprint-e.com
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?
The following information is gathered from our website visitors:
IP address
Referring site(s)
Browser type
Operating system
Search query
Visit length
Entry and exit pages
Pages browsed
How we use the information we gather
We use the information to enhance your visitor experience. We track the products and services that are browsed, searched and purchased, support requests that are submitted, custom product quotes and other information in order to identify ways we can best serve our customers.
The people that are given access to this information
Your personal information is accessible by our web services team and company management.
The security measures we have in place to protect your personal information
To safeguard your personal information, we utilize SSL (secure socket layer) encryption for your orders, follow PCI-compliant procedures (meaning we never store your credit card information), and never sell or otherwise distribute your personal information to third parties. All information that Imprint collects about you stays with Imprint and is used only to enhance your experience and improve our websites and mobile applications.
Our use of cookies
Our website makes use of cookies which are small digital files that are stored in your web browser that enable us to track your return visits to our website.
Your browser settings may allow you to block these cookies; however, we recommend you leave them enabled to help us personalize your experience with our website. Preferences such as pricing, favorite products and other information that is specific to your account can be shown only with cookies enabled.
Third party advertisers on our site may use their own cookies for tracking purposes. However, we do not share information that we collect with any third party advertisers.
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads.
Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to visitors based on their visit to sites they visit on the Internet.
Website visitors may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
Give us a call at (855) 745-4464 or send us a message
Name:
* Email:
*How Can We Help You Today? EmailSubmit
×