http://www.bughost.com/privacy.asp
Hosted Bug Tracking and Project Management System
Create Account | Sign In
Start Free Trial
Plans & Pricing
Learn More
Key Benefits
Features
Take a Tour
FAQ
BugHost
Home
Leave Feedback
Contact Us
BugHost Privacy Policy
Last updated: May 23, 2018
This is the web site of BugHost.com. Our postal address is: PO Box 3106 Portland, OR 97208.
We can be reached via e-mail at
or you can reach us by telephone at 503-345-4349. The terms listed in our privacy policy may change from
time to time, without notice.
The terms can be found at: http://www.bughost.com/privacy.asp
We are committed to protecting the privacy of our customers! If at any time you feel as though
we have not taken adequate steps to privately maintain personal information or protect the data or
personal information that you provide to us, please let us know at the address, phone number, or email
address listed above and we will make every attempt to correct our practices of protecting your privacy.
Site Registration: For each visitor to our Web page, our web server automatically
recognizes certain information such as your IP Address and type of device you're using.
We collect information volunteered by you, the consumer, such as survey
information and/or site registrations. The information we collect
is used to notify consumers about updates to our web site and to keep
members of your organization informed of data that you provide.
Consent to Data Collection:
Because of the nature of how BugHost is used in an organization, we allow
the account creator (the initial account administrator)
to add other users to the organization's account.
These users will be notified upon creation and given an initial login path.
Once the user is logged in, he or she may opt in for additional notifications
via email, but the user has control over whether notifications are sent or not.
Once logged in, any data entered is considered data owned by the organization and
is therefore shared within the members of the organization, relative to the projects
in which they are assigned.
When an account is canceled or becomes inactive, the data will be stored until
until the inactivity period expires. BugHost will automatically delete inactive
accounts. Administrators of the organization may also request account termination
and the removal of all data at any time.
If an individual within an organization desires to be removed from BugHost,
the individual should first attempt to request removal from the
account administrator(s). The individual may also request the same from
BugHost support if the first attempts from the organization's administrator(s) are unsuccessful.
Cookies: We use cookies solely to keep session information
as you move throughout the site. Cookies and session
information are destroyed once you log out, unless otherwise indicated that
you wish to have us remember your login information the next time you visit.
Email Lists: We have independent emailing lists that we maintain
for internal use only.
We do not sell, rent, or otherwise offer our email
lists to any other party.
We occasionally send email to opt-in
subscribers who will be clearly notified of the usage of the email and
and opt-out link to be completely removed from the list.
Once removed,
we will never send email for that same type of list again, unless
the same email address is added to the list again by that user or
another user on behalf of that user.
We also have a 3rd-party email distribution list which we may use for
announcing information on behalf of other parties.
The email lists
will not be shared with these 3rd parties.
Only those who opt-in
to this list will receive such emails.
Telephone Information: The main purpose of listing
a telephone number is to share it within your own organization to other
members of the account.
Persons who supply us with their telephone
numbers on-line may also receive telephone
contact from us with information regarding new products and services
or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such telephone
calls, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address.
With respect to Ad Servers: To try and bring you offers that are
of interest to you, we have relationships with other companies that
we allow to place ads on our Web pages. As a result of your visit
to our site, ad server companies may collect information such as
your domain type, your IP address and clickstream information.
We do not allow
access to your personal information with these advertisements.
Unanticipated Use: From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated
uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information
practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy
changes to our web site to notify you of these changes and provide
you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. If you are concerned
about how your information is used, you should check back at our
web site periodically.
Requesting Contact Information: Upon request we provide site visitors with access to their own contact
information, if provided (e.g., name, address, phone number) that we maintain about them.
Consumers can access this information by e-mailing us at the above
address. Consumers can have this information corrected by sending
us e-mail at the above address.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information
policy, you may contact us at the above address or phone number.
Policies
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Billing Policy
Documents
Administrator's Guide
WebSubmitTM Guide
Contact Us
Contact Us
Submit a Bug / Leave Feedback
BugHost on Facebook
BugHost is a service of Variad Corporation.
Copyright © 2001 - 2020, Variad Corporation. All rights reserved.
BugHost and the BugHost logo are trademarks of Variad Corporation.
All other trademarks are the sole property of their respective owners.
Use of this Web site constitutes acceptance of the BugHost License Agreement.
TOP