http://www.irise.com/about-us/privacy-policy
Trial Sign Up (new)
Product
Responsive Prototyping
Webpage Importer
Requirements and Stories
Collaboration
Integrations & Connectors
Audit Trail
Go Enterprise
Watch Product Tour
Integrations
Pricing
Services
Services Overview
Prototyping Services
Express 24-hour Prototyping
Re-usable Asset Development
Centers of Excellence
Services Partners
Customers
Resources
On-Demand iRise Training Course
Free Webinar: Intro to iRise
Tutorials
Support Center
Example Prototype
ROI Calculator
Downloads
Wireframe Tool Tips & Free Toolkit
Sign in to trial
Start a Trial
Information
Search site
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
End user license agreement (EULA)
iRise Patents
Brand Assets
Privacy PolicyiRise’s Corporate headquarters are located at:2381 Rosecrans Avenue, Suite 100El Segundo, CA 90245(310) 426-7800Latest Revision Date: June 9, 2016Privacy StatementThis Privacy Policy describes the information about you that we gather via this web site (irise.com) (the “Site”) and through your use of iRise software (“Software”), how we use and disclose that information, and the steps we take to protect that information. By using the Site or our Software, you consent to the practices described in this Policy. This Policy may change from time to time so please check back periodically. Your continued use of the Site after the revised Policy has become effective indicates that you have read, understood, and agreed to the current version of this Policy.Information We Collect From You and How We Use ItWhen you register on the Site as a visitor or customer, you submit information which may include your first and last name, the name of the company you represent, and your email address. We use this information to provide you with information that is relevant to you, follow up on the status of your registration or to provide you with any additional information you may need or find useful regarding iRise products and services.In addition, when you use the Software or Site we automatically collect certain information using various types of technology. We use Google Analytics and Intercom to collect and process certain analytics data. Please visit Google (http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/) and Intercom (https://docs.intercom.io/privacy) to learn more about their privacy practices and additional privacy options they may provide. We may also collect information about you or from your device when you access the Site through the use of cookies, beacons, and other automated technology. This information may include your IP address, web browser or device type, the web pages you visit just before or after you use the Site, and the dates and times that you access or use the Site. We may use both session cookies and persistent cookies. A session cookie disappears after you close your browser. A persistent cookie remains after you close your browser and may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to the Site. Please review your web browser “Help” file to learn the proper way to modify your cookie settings. If you delete or choose not to accept cookies from the Site, you may not be able to use certain features of the Site to their fullest potential.Your ChoicesIf you wish to access or amend any other information we hold about you, you may contact us at info@iRise.com. Please note that while any changes you make will be reflected in active user databases within a reasonable period of time, we may retain all information you submit for backups, archiving, prevention of fraud and abuse, analytics, satisfaction of legal obligations, or where we otherwise reasonably believe that we have a legitimate reason to do so.If you receive commercial email from us, you may unsubscribe at any time by following the instructions contained within the email. You may also opt out from receiving commercial email from us by sending your request to us by email at info@irise.com or by writing to us at the address given at the beginning of this Policy. We may allow you to view and modify settings relating to the nature and frequency of promotional communications that you receive from us in user account functionality on the Site.Please be aware that if you opt out of receiving commercial email from us or otherwise modify the nature or frequency of promotional communications you receive from us, it may take up to ten business days for us to process your request, and you may continue receiving promotional communications from us during that period. Additionally, even after you opt out from receiving commercial messages from us, you will continue to receive administrative messages from us regarding the Site.Your device operating system or browser may include settings, options, or add-on components to control the placement and presence of cookies.We do not track our Site visitors over time and across third party websites to provide targeted advertising and do not specifically respond to Do Not Track (“DNT”) signals. However, some third party websites do keep track of your browsing activities, including across other websites on the Internet, which enables these websites to tailor what they present to you. If you are visiting such websites, your browser may allow you to set a DNT signal on your browser so that third parties know you do not want to be tracked.Data SecurityWe use certain physical, managerial, and technical safeguards that are designed to improve the integrity and security of the information that we collect from you and maintain. We cannot, however, guarantee the security of any information that you transmit to us or that we store, and you do so at your own risk.. If we learn of a security breach that affects your information, we may attempt to notify you electronically so that you can take appropriate protective steps. We may also post a notice via the Site if a security breach occurs.Call Recording Privacy StatementAs part of our commitment to providing the best possible service to our customers, we may record or monitor your telephone call. We record calls:for staff training purposes, to help us improve the quality of our customer service and to ensure the information we provide to customers is accurate;for tracking the types and numbers of inquiries we receive; andto ensure we have an accurate record of your call, which may be needed to support any transactions that take place over the phone or if there is a dispute.We store the recordings securely for no more than 1 year and destroy them after this period.Your California Privacy RightsResidents of California have the right to request a disclosure describing what types of personal information we have shared with third parties for their direct marketing purposes, and with whom we have shared it, during the preceding calendar year. You may request a copy of that disclosure by contacting us at info@iRise.com.Contacting UsIf you have any questions about this privacy statement or desire to be removed from an iRise distribution list, Opt-out of analytics being sent to our providers please contact info@iRise.com.