https://www.equifax.com/privacy
Privacy
We are committed to responsibly and appropriately using personal data as we power the world with knowledge.
Privacy at Equifax
Data powers today’s modern economy. Equifax is committed to responsibly and appropriately using personal data, striking a balance between respecting individuals’ privacy and powering the world with knowledge. Equifax understands people want more control over how their personal data is collected, used, shared and protected. We’ve taken steps to provide individuals with more control over their data and follow the below principles to guide our decisions regarding data.
Equifax Privacy Statement
Read the Notice
Equifax Online Behavioral Advertising Notice(US only)
Read the Notice
Our Privacy Principles
Quality
At Equifax, data is at the core of our business, and we believe data-driven knowledge drives progress. Equifax is committed to maintaining and using data that is accurate, relevant, and timely.
Stewardship
Equifax recognizes that collecting data carries with it certain responsibilities. We will be transparent about how we use and safeguard data in our possession.
Discretion
Equifax understands our data powers important decisions. We will share data only for legitimate purposes, respecting the importance of data in the lives of individuals.
Partnerships
Privacy is a core concern when we share or receive data. We will evaluate both sources and recipients of data for alignment with our values.
Designing for Privacy
Equifax recognizes privacy is an important societal value. Equifax will take privacy into consideration as we grow our products, services, and standards.
Transparency and Control
We are committed to providing transparency over our collection, use, and sharing of data, and providing you with greater control over your data. For our United States business, we’ve consolidated most of our privacy policies into our new, comprehensive Equifax Privacy Statement. Our revised privacy statement discusses how we collect, use, and share data across all of our businesses, and provides greater detail over the types of data we collect. We’re committed to continually updating our privacy statement to reflect changes to our business and provide you with ongoing transparency over the use of your data.The privacy statement also describes the methods through which you can control your data, as does our FCRA Summary of Rights page. Additionally, we are committed to meeting the obligations of evolving and complex laws granting individuals greater control over their data, both in the United States and internationally. For example, we maintain websites through which individuals can exercise their rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act and the Data Protection Act, the United Kingdom’s implementation of the EU’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). Our Australian Privacy Policy also describes how individuals can exercise their rights of access and correction under the Australian Privacy Act.
Effective Governance
We are committed to embedding privacy into all aspects of our business, and we believe that commitment should be transparent and accountable. That’s why we’ve publicly committed to being an early adopter of the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) Privacy Framework.
Read Press Release
Environmental, Social and Governance Priorities
Learn About Our ESG Strategy
x