http://www.madtek.com/privacy-policy/
Home / Privacy Policy
Madtek Associates, Inc.
Privacy Policy
Madtek Associates, Inc. (‘Madtek’) owns and operates www.madtek.com and related websites. This Madtek Privacy Policy applies to all our websites and any mobile applications we provide. Our Privacy Policy does not apply to other websites you may be able to access from our websites. If you use MadTek’s Entrusanstm Intrusion Detection Service (“IDS”) you expressly consent to the collection, use, storage and disclosure of your information MakTek collects according to the terms of this Privacy Policy.
DON’T USE MADTEK’S ENTRUSANS IDS IF YOU DON’T AGREE WITH THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY.
Without your permission, we will not disclose information you provide us to anyone other than organizations you designate or financial institutions and payment processors involved in collecting and disbursing your funds, if any, to us. Without your express consent we will not share the metadata we collect from your website(s) with anyone.
When we update our Privacy Policy, we will post the last change’s date at this page’s top. You agree to this method of change and to check regularly to see if any changes affect you. By using our websites, you agree to the most recent version of this Privacy Policy.
The Kind of Information We Collect
Personal information including your name, your company and title if appropriate, your billing address and zip code, email address, phone number and credit card number when you register on a Madtek website
Your unique user ID and the password you will need to use the Madtek services
Metadata on the files for the website URLs your Entrusanstm IDS subscription applies to. We do not collect any content from your website files or your database(s). The Entrusans Intrusion Detection Service scans your website’s files, collects metadata on those files and stores your metadata in our remote server databases so we can generate file change history for you.
Your payment history
Your computer’s IP address, browser information and the URLs for any websites our Entrusanstm IDS monitors for you
Social Media and User feedback information, community discussions, chats and your other interactions on our MadTek websites
How We Collect Your Personal Information
We collect your personal information when you use our websites. This includes when you create or change the status of an account with us.
We also collect personal information from social media sites when you use our services or like or tweet on our services.
We collect data on the use of our sites using traffic cookies related to our websites. Our websites may also use web beacons to compile data, so we can analyze how the public is using our websites.
How We Use Your Information
We use your information to:
Transmit monies you designate, administer your account, answer your customer service requests and send you receipts
Suggest ways you might want to investigate or use other organizations or individuals based on your experience using MadTek’s services
Aggregate anonymous data from many users like you to help us better serve you and our customers
Train our staff to keep your information safe and secure
Send you email reports when the Entrusans IDS detects that files on your website have changed, been deleted, been touched or files have been added to your website
Security
Information security is our business. So, we employ physical, electronic and process security measures to protect information transmitted to us, and information we transmit, or store. Remember the data our Entrusans IDS collects is metadata, information about your data, not your native data. Even so, the Internet and other networks are not 100% secure. As a result, even though we will work hard to protect information sent through our websites, we cannot and will not guarantee the security of any information you send to or through our websites.
How We Secure Your Information
We protect your information using accepted best practices and we review our security practices frequently.
We follow applicable laws and security standards.
We encrypt credit card and other sensitive information for transmission.
We comply with the Payment Card Industry’s Data Security Standards regarding the transmittal, storage, protection and access to credit cardholder information.
Who Has Access to Your Information
We use business partners to perform some functions related to our websites and the services we provide. These functions include website hosting and maintenance, security, data storage, payment processing, marketing and selling our services. Each of our partners must agree to use reasonable practices to protect your personal information from unauthorized use or disclosure.
You should understand and must agree that when we disclose information to third parties we cannot know or control how they may use that information. For this reason, we will not be liable to you for any third party’s actions or failures to act.
Who Has Access to Your Payment Information?
Our merchant services providers process all payments made through our websites.  As a result, those payment processors have access to your credit card number or payment information. MadTek does not store or maintain your credit card number. Our payment processors have their own privacy policies and have agreed to comply with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards (the “PCI/DSS”). You can access the PCI/DSS Specifications at:  https://www.pcisecuritystandards.org/security_standards/index.php.
When is My Information Public?
When you post information on a public page on our websites or on someone else’s public page remember members of the general public can access that information. So be careful about what information you share or post on a public page. If you are not sure, you should assume a page is public if it is on or linked to one of our websites. Again, remember we cannot control who has access to information you post on a public page or in a public forum.
Do I have to Provide You with My Personal Information?
No. You can visit our websites without giving us your personal information. But you will not be able to run the Entrusans IDS without giving us your personal information. For example, you can’t have an account with us unless you give us enough personal information so that we can make sure you are who you say you are.
International Subscribers
Our offices and servers are in the United States. Any metadata we collect from your website(s) will be transmitted to, and stored on, our servers in the United States.  Given the requirements of the EU General Data Protection Regulation (“GDBR”) we cannot, at this time, accept subscriptions from individuals or companies whose country of residence is a member of the European Union to which the GDBR applies.
If you live in another foreign country you understand, accept and agree that your website(s) metadata will be transmitted to, and stored on, our servers located in the United States and will be subject solely to applicable laws in the United States.
Information Retention.
MadTek does not agree to maintain or store your website(s) metadata for any specific period of time. After we notify you using an email report that there have been changes to your website(s) we may or may not retain the change history shown in your email report(s).  It is your responsibility to retain your email reports if you want to have continued access to the file change history the reports contain.
Privacy with Regard to Children
We appreciate the importance of protecting children’s identities and privacy and are committed to doing so. We do not direct our websites or marketing at children. To protect the identities and privacy of children we will not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 16 without a parent’s prior approval. If you think your child has used our websites and given us personal information, either yours or your child’s, please contact us and we will work with you to delete that information from our websites and our databases.