https://www.engineerica.com/privacy-policy/
Solutions
Academic Institutions
AccuCampusInstitution-wide student engagement and retention system
AccuClassCloud-based classroom attendance tracking system
Help Me Choose
Academic centers
AccudemiaCloud-based academic center management software
AccuSQLSQL Server academic center management software
AccuTrackSmall academic center management software
AccuLiteBasic visit tracking software
Help Me Choose
Conferences
Conference TrackerConference management system for your event tracking needs
Conference LeadsLead retrieval system for exhibitors at trade shows, expos, and conferences
Conference AttendeeMobile app for enhancing attendee engagement and building community surrounding your event
Help Me Choose
Class Attendance
AccuTrainingEmployee training plans management and tracking system
AccuClubClub/Gym membership tracking system
AccuClassCloud-based classroom attendance tracking system
Help Me Choose
Blog
Academic Blog
Events Blog
Blog
Blog
Support
Company
About Us
Careers with Engineerica
Contact Us
Main Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Last updated: August 23, 2016.
(1) Website Privacy Statement
What Do You Do With My Information?
At Engineerica Systems, Inc. ("Engineerica", “We”, “Us” or “Our”), we respect your privacy and take protecting it seriously. This Privacy Policy covers our collection, use and disclosure of information we collect through our website, which is hosted on www.engineerica.com. The website and service are owned and operated by Engineerica Systems, Inc. It also describes the choices available to you regarding our use of your personal information and how you can access and update this information. The use of information collected through our service shall be limited to the purpose of providing the service for which our Clients have engaged us.
Here's what we do — and, more importantly, don't do — with any information you provide us.
We do not sell, rent or share your information with anyone. We only collect information like your name, email address, mailing address, phone number, and billing information so we can provide the services described on our website.
If you make contact with us regarding our products or services, we will probably add you to our CRM system.  This system helps us track clients, support tickets, and more.  Information collected might include your e-mail address, job title, center, phone number, and business address.  We do not sell, rent, or share this information.  This information will be kept in our system even if you cancel your service.   However, if you wish to request the removal of your contact information from our CRM system, please contact us.
Newsletters
Most of our clients and prospects are automatically subscribed to our newsletter.  This newsletter offers the latest information on our products and services.  The newsletter is usually sent out once per month.  To subscribe you to our newsletter(s), we will only use your email address to send the newsletter to you. If you no longer wish to receive our newsletters, you may follow the unsubscribe instructions contained in each of the communications you receive.
Service Providers
We use other third parties, such as a credit card processing company, to bill for services. When you sign up for our services, we will share your personal information only as necessary for the third party to provide that service.
Legal Disclaimer
We reserve the right to disclose your personal information as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena or similar legal process, and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our website.
In the event we go through a business transition, such as a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, your personal information will likely be among the assets transferred. You will be notified via email of any such change in ownership or control of your personal information.
Access To Personal Information
If your personal information changes, or if you no longer desire our service, you may correct, update, delete or deactivate it by making the changes in our software or by contacting us. We will respond to your request within 30 days.
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
What About Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
We and our partners, affiliates, or analytics or services providers use technologies, such as cookies, beacons, tags, and scripts, to analyze trends, administer our website, tracking users’ movements around the website, and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. We may receive reports based on the use of these technologies by these companies on an individual as well as aggregated basis.
We use cookies for our shopping cart, to remember your settings (e.g., language preference), and for authentication. You can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level. If you reject cookies, you may still use our website, but your ability to use some features or areas of our website may be limited.
What About Log Files?
As is true of most websites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data.
We use this information, which does not identify individual visitors, to analyze trends, administer our website, track visitors' movements around our website, and gather demographic information about our visitors as a whole. We do link this automatically collected data to other information we collect about our website visitors.
Advertising
We do not do any type of advertising on our website or service.
Testimonials
We post customer testimonials on our website, which may contain personal information. We do obtain our Clients’ consent to post their name along with their testimonial via email prior to posting the testimonial on our website. However, if you wish to request the removal of your testimonial, please contact us.
Social Media Features
Our website includes social media features, such as the Facebook “Like” button. These features may collect your IP address and the page you are visiting on our website. It may also set a cookie to enable the features to function properly. Social media features are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our website. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
Notification Of Privacy Policy Changes
We may update our privacy policy to reflect changes to our information practices. If we make any material changes, we will notify you by email (sent to the email address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on our website prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
Links To Other Sites
Our website includes links to other websites whose privacy practices may differ from ours. If you submit personal information to any of those websites, your information is governed by their privacy policies. We encourages you to carefully read the privacy policy of any website you visit. This privacy policy applies only to information collected by our website.
Public Forums
Our website offers publicly accessible blogs or community forums. You should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read, collected, and used by others who access them. To request removal of your personal information from our blog or community forum, contact us.  In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why.
(2) Per Product Privacy Statement
Each of our products has its own Privacy Policy.  You can find these here:
AccuCampus: http://www.engineerica.com/accucampus/privacy
Accudemia: http://www.engineerica.com/accudemia/privacy
AccuTrack: http://www.engineerica.com/accutrack/privacy
AccuSQL: http://www.engineerica.com/accusql/privacy
AccuLite: http://www.engineerica.com/acculite/privacy
AccuClass: http://www.engineerica.com/accuclass/privacy
AccuClub: http://www.engineerica.com/accuclub/privacy
AccuTraining: http://www.engineerica.com/accutraining/privacy
Conference Tracker: http://www.engineerica.com/conferencetracker/privacy
Conference Leads: http://www.engineerica.com/conferencetracker/privacy
Conference Attendee: http://www.engineerica.com/conferencetracker/privacy
AccuTesting: http://www.engineerica.com/accutesting/privacy
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us via email at info@engineerica.com.  You may also call us at (407) 542-4982 or write us at Engineerica Systems, Inc., 7250 Red Bug Lake Rd, Suite 1036, Oviedo, FL 32765-9290.