http://www.jbvisions.co.uk/help/privacy.htm
JBVisions - creative web design - Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
JBVisions is committed to protecting your privacy and will collect no
personal information about you unless you choose to provide that information to
us.
If you simply browse our Web site:When you visit the JBVisions to
browse information it contains, you do so anonymously unless you
choose to provide us information about yourself. If you do nothing
during your visit but browse through the Web site reading pages,
viewing photographs, or downloading information for example, we will
gather and store certain information about your visit automatically.
This information does not identify you personally.
Information gathered automatically is used for one purpose: site
management.
JBVisions automatically logs visitor information from which
summary statistics are created. We use the summary statistics to
help us make our site more useful to visitors, such as assessing
what information is of most and least interest to visitors, and for
other purposes such as determining the site's technical design
specifications and identifying system performance or problem areas.
The following are representative of the types of information
automatically collected and stored about your visit:
the Internet domain and Internet Protocol (IP) address
from which you access our Web site
the type of Internet browser and the operating system
of the computer you use to access our site
the date and time you visit our site
the pages you visit on our site
if you linked to our Web site from another Web site,
the address of that Web site
and, if you linked to our Web site from a search Web
site, the address of that Web site and the search term
you used.
If you choose to provide us with your e-mail address
we will use that information only to reply to you.
We do not collect your e-mail address for any purpose
other than to provide the services you have requested
We will not share your e-mail address with any third
party
We do not create individual profiles with the
information that you have provided
Under no circumstances will we give your e-mail
address to any private organization, commercial or
otherwise.
Periodically, we will validate e-mail addresses; any that are
found to be inactive will be purged from our mailing list.
If you send us an e-mail using our comment form:
If you choose to submit a question or comment using our
online form and provide us your name and e-mail or postal
address, we will use that information only to respond to your
question or comment.
We will not share your name, e-mail, or postal address
with any third party.
We will not create individual profiles with the
information that you have provided.
Under no circumstances will we give your name, e-mail,
or postal address to any private organization,
commercial or otherwise.
Principal Uses:
Information collected via the JBVisions is used to provide
information in response to comments or questions when a response is
requested by the person submitting the comment or question.
Cookies
JBVisions uses "cookies" to serve up the page style choice you
have made. Many Web sites use these to gather and store information
about your visits to their sites.
Cookies are essentially tokens of information, such as
preferences and passwords, which some Web servers collect from you
when you access them. That data is stored on your hard drive-not on
the Web site's server. Whenever you visit a "cookie" site, the
server looks for its cookie on your hard drive and, if found, then
reads the information it stored there. Cookies generally are stored
in your browser's directory or folder in a file named cookie.txt
(MagicCookie on a Macintosh).
General Disclaimer
Information presented on this Web site is copyrighted and may not
be distributed or copied freely.
While JBVisions makes every effort to provide accurate and
complete information, some information may change between site
updates. Substantive changes may be noted when contents are next
updated.
Disclaimer of Endorsement
The documents posted on this Web site may contain hypertext links
or pointers to information created and maintained by other public
and private organizations. These links and pointers are provided for
visitors' convenience.
JBVisions neither controls nor guarantees the accuracy,
relevance, timeliness, or completeness of any linked information.
Further, the inclusion of links or pointers to Web sites other than
the JBVisions managed Web site is not intended to assign importance
to those sites and the information contained therein, nor is it
intended to endorse, recommend, or favour any views expressed, or
commercial products or services offered on these outside sites, or
the organizations sponsoring the sites, by trade name, trademark,
manufacture, or otherwise.
Reference in this Web site to any specific commercial products,
processes, or services, or the use of any trade, firm or corporation
name is for the information and convenience of the site's visitor's,
and does not constitute endorsement, recommendation, or favouring by
JBVisions.
The views and opinions of authors expressed therein do not
necessarily state or reflect those of JBVisions, and shall not be
used for advertising or product endorsement purposes.
Disclaimer of Liability
Every effort is made to provide accurate and complete
information. However, with documents often uploaded within short
deadlines, we cannot guarantee that there will be no errors.
JBVisions makes no claims, promises or guarantees about the
accuracy, completeness, or adequacy of the contents of this Web site
and expressly disclaims liability for errors and omissions in the
contents of this Web site.
With respect to the contents of JBVisions, neither JBVisions, nor
its representatives make any warranty, expressed or implied or
statutory, including but not limited to the warranties of
non-infringement of third party rights, title, and the warranties of
merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose with respect to
contents available from JBVisions or other Internet resources linked
from it.
Additionally, JBVisions neither assumes any legal liability for
the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of any information,
product, or process disclosed herein nor freedom from computer
virus, and do not represent that use of such information, product,
or process would not infringe on privately owned rights.
Links to this Web Site or Its Contents
You may freely link to JBVisions, we ask only that you identify
that the link is to JBVisions. Hot linking to images without express
permission is strictly forbidden. Hot linking sites will be emailed
with an initial warning. If this warning is not acted upon, their
host will be contacted with a request for termination of the site
Links to Other Sites
Our Web site has links to other private organizations with their
permission. Once you link to another site, you are subject to the
disclaimers and security and privacy policies of the new site.
Computer Fraud and Abuse Act
Unauthorized attempts to upload information and/or change
information on JBVisions is strictly prohibited and is subject to
prosecution.
Computer Misuse Act 1990 (c. 18)
Site Management
The webmaster is the owner and manages the overall information
content, design, and, organization of the Web site.
For More Information
If you have any questions or comments about the information
presented here, please contact JBVisions at the address below or
email via the form on the contact page.
Contact Details
Webmaster
72-74 Chapel Street
Thatcham
Berkshire
RG18 4QN
This site is certified by P3P
The Platform for Privacy Preferences, or P3P, is a protocol allowing web sites to declare the intended use of information they collect about browsing users. Designed to give users more control of their personal information when browsing, P3P was developed by the World Wide Web Consortium (W3C) and officially recommended on April 16, 2002.
A P3P enabled web browser such as Internet Explorer, can decide what to do by comparing this policy with the user's stored preferences. Alternatively, the browser can show the user a readable version of the policy and ask how to proceed. As an example, a user may store in the browser preferences that information about their browsing habits should not be collected. If the policy of a Website states that a cookie is used for this purpose, the browser automatically rejects the cookie.
You can verify our status by clicking on the P3P seal above.