http://www.resourcemate.com/privacy.aspx
My Account
|
Contact Us
|
Home
Products
The ResourceMate® Family
Industry Bundles
Hosting
Web OPAC
Supplies & Equipment
Training
Annual Support
Services
Licensing
Add-ons
Upgrades
ResourceMate® Reading Program Service
FAQ
Family of Products
Upgrading from 3.0
General
For Librarians
System & Technical
Cost Related
Web OPAC
Live Chat
Hosting
Product Guides
Testimonials
Places of Worship
Schools
Public Libraries
Retirement Communities
Museums
Government Agencies
Non-Profit & Associations
Corporate
Other
News
Newsletter
Announcements
Conference Schedule
About Us
Support
Knowledgebase (with support)
Troubleshooting (without support)
Update Your ResourceMate
Installation Instructions (Family of Products)
Web OPAC Admin Guide
Off-site/Anniversary Backup
Remote Circulation
Librarian&s Corner
Customer Profiles
Webinar - How to increase the budget for your library
You are here:
Home / Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Updated January 2020.
ResourceMate® - a division of N. Harris Computer Corp. (“ResourceMate®”, “we”, “us”, “our”) is committed to protecting the privacy and security of the personal information we receive and collect from you through this website and by phone. We also believe in transparency and are committed to informing you about how we treat your personal information.
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for ResourceMate® and applies to information collected by www.resourcemate.com (the “Website”) and by phone. It will notify you of the following:
1. What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the Website, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
2. What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
3. The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
4. How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY NOTICE CAREFULLY TO UNDERSTAND HOW WE TREAT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION AND WHAT CHOICES AND RIGHTS YOU HAVE IN THIS REGARD. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS NOTICE, YOU SHOULD NOT USE THE WEBSITE.
To read the full privacy policy, please click on the link below to download the PDF.
ResourceMate, N. Harris Computer Corporation Privacy Policy 2020
Cookies and Similar Technologies Policy
ResourceMate® - a division of N. Harris Computer Corp. (“ResourceMate®”, “we”, “us”, “our”) respects the online privacy of its members and other visitors (“you”) to this www.resourcemate.com (the “Site”).
This Cookies and Similar Technologies Policy (the " Policy") describes the information we collect through the use of cookies and similar technologies, how and why we use cookies and similar technologies, how our third-party business partners use cookies and similar technologies, and ways you can opt-out of using cookies and similar technologies. Our Privacy Policy, of which this Policy is part, is available here, and provides further information about our privacy practices.
To read the full cookies and similar technologies privacy policy, please click on the link below to download the PDF.
ResourceMate, N. Harris Computer Corporation Cookies and Similar Technologies Policy 2019
About Us
About Jaywil Software
Contact Us
20 Years of...
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Shipping Policy
Cancellation/Refund Policy
Accessibility Policy
Sitemap
For libraries and museums.
Research our products.
All information contained in this website is subject to change without notice.
ResourceMate® has been developed by Jaywil Software Development Inc.PO Box 25005 Guelph, ON Canada N1G 4T4
Contact Us | Home | Sitemap | Privacy
We use cookies and other tracking technologies to improve your browsing experience on our website, to show you personalized content and targeted ads, to analyze our website traffic, and to understand where our visitors are coming from. By browsing our website, you consent to our use of cookies and other tracking technologies.
Accept