http://www.rtcmagazine.com/index.php/privacy-policy/
Trending
Additional security measures supplement the proven IT security concept for PROFINET
New John Deere Smart Connector Establishes Direct Connection Between Tractor and Smartphone
Azul Systems’ Addressable Market Opportunity Increases to $2.5B as Oracle Moves Away from Free Java Support and Updates, Says Independent Analyst
“By 2030, the sensor market in water and wastewater networks is predicted to be over $2Bn”
Standardized Incubation and Imaging System Now Available to U.S. Clinical Microbiology Laboratories
Built for high powered computing at the edge, these new servers offer powerful, highly-configurable performance in the data center and beyond.
New President for SGET e.V.
NAVISTAR ANNOUNCES GATEWAY INTEGRATIONS, ADDS NEW PARTNERSHIPS WITH LEADING TELEMATICS AND FLEET MANAGEMENT PROVIDERS
Navigate
Home
Issues
Sections
Featured
Product Innovations
Technology Connected
Editors Report
Whitepapers
About
About
RTC Magazine Media Kit
Careers
Subscribe
You are at:Home»Privacy Policy
We are RTC Media
Our website address is: http://35.233.174.106.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Contact forms
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you visit our login page, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
Who we share your data with
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Your contact information
Additional information
How we protect your data
What data breach procedures we have in place
What third parties we receive data from
What automated decision making and/or profiling we do with user data
Industry regulatory disclosure requirements
Search for:
Read the Latest Issue
Recent Posts
Additional security measures supplement the proven IT security concept for PROFINET
New John Deere Smart Connector Establishes Direct Connection Between Tractor and Smartphone
Azul Systems’ Addressable Market Opportunity Increases to $2.5B as Oracle Moves Away from Free Java Support and Updates, Says Independent Analyst
“By 2030, the sensor market in water and wastewater networks is predicted to be over $2Bn”
Standardized Incubation and Imaging System Now Available to U.S. Clinical Microbiology Laboratories
CategoriesCategories
Select Category
About
Avionics
Careers
Communications
COTS Journal
Data Acquisition
Digital Signange
Editorial
Editorial – RTC Magazine
Editorial COTSJournal
Editors Report
Entertainment
Feature
Featured
Industrial
Industry Insight
Industry Watch
Innovative Products
Interview
IoT / M2M
Medical
Medical Solutions
MEDS
Miscellaneous
Navigation / Guidance / Surveying
Networking
Non classifié(e)
Other
Product Innovation
Product Innovations
Reviews
RTC Insider
RTC Magazine
RTC Magazine, Editorial
RTC Magazine, Industry Insight
RTC Magazine, System Integration
RTC Magazine,Tech Feature
RTC Picks
Security / Surveillance
Special Feature
Subscribe
System Development
Tech Feature
Technology Connected
Technology Core
Technology Deployed
Technology Development
Technology focus
Technology In Context
Technology in Systems
Transporation
Transportation
Uncategorized
Video
Whitepapers
World News
WP – Avionics