http://www.divcomsoft.com/privacy.php
HelpSmith
Help Development Studio
Hotspot Builder
Active Tray
Company
Awards
Our CD-ROM
Articles
Site map
Home
Downloads
Registration
Support
Contacts
Links
We respect and are committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy outlines how your personal information is processed and used. We promise to only use your personal information in ways that are compatible with this Privacy Policy. The Terms of Use agreement governs your use of this Web site and other digital content available through it.
Secured Credit Card Orders
Ordering our products on-line with a Credit Card is 100% safe. The purchaser's name, e-mail address, mailing address, credit card number, and other information are encrypted using SSL (Secure Socket Layers) when passed to the credit card processing company. This is necessary for processing and fulfilling orders and for providing notification of the order status. If you don't wish to disclose your credit card number, feel free to use other ordering methods such as phone, fax, bank/wire transfer, or the regular post, using a mail order with a bank check.
Personal Information
We collect basic contact information when you order any of our products, subscribe to our newsletter, or fill in the feedback form. This information is used for administrative and identification purposes only, and will NOT be shared with our partners or third parties. This information may also be used by us to notify you of related products, updates, etc. We do not publish comments, testimonials, or any other information obtained from our clients and Web site visitors prior to requesting their permission. Personal information can only be accessed by authorized Divcom Software staff.
Our Software
The software distributed on our Web site does not collect any personal information or send such information to our servers. We encourage you to only download the software directly from our Web site, or from authorized software archives and mirrors to avoid potential security risks.
Cookies
The billing services that process our clients' orders may use a cookie to store your information. A cookie is a small text file, stored on your computer's hard drive, which can be read by their system when you return to the order page. This is used to streamline reordering if you wish to purchase something from us in the future.
Server Log Files
We use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track user's movement patterns, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Use of Site Materials
The contents of this site, including text, graphics, images, and other content (the "Content"), are owned by, or licensed to, Divcom Software and are protected by copyright laws. Unauthorized use of the Content violates copyright, trademark, and other laws. You agree to retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained in the original Content on any copy you make of such material. You may not sell or modify our Content or reproduce, display, distribute, or otherwise use the Content in any way for any public or commercial purpose without our permission. Unauthorized Use of the Content on any other Web site or in a networked environment is prohibited.
Links to Third Party Web sites
This site may contain links to Web sites owned by third parties. These links appear as resources associated with individual articles. These links are provided solely as a convenience to you and are not an endorsement by Divcom Software of the contents of those other sites. Divcom Software is not responsible for the content of any linked sites and makes no representation regarding the content or accuracy of materials on such sites. If you decide to visit any third-party sites using links from this site, you do so at your own risk.
Links to Us
You may refer to our Web site's materials, recommend our software products, etc. If you wish to place a link to us from your own Web site, feel free to visit the Links page and choose from any of our link buttons. After your reference has been published, please inform us about this with the appropriate URL address. Informing us is always appreciated but NOT mandatory.
Contact Us
E-mail is the primary means of communication with us for our clients and Web site visitors. Use the contact information provided on the Contacts page to send us your questions, comments, or suggestions. Web site visitors may also use the feedback form to send us their questions, comments, or suggestions in regard to our products or Web site content. You may submit notifications of broken links, communicate privacy terms, and submit praise or complaints.
For More Information
If you have any questions or comments regarding our privacy policy or terms of use of this site, feel free to contact us via e-mail at mail@divcomsoft.com or by using the feedback form.
Copyright © 2001-2020 Divcom Software.All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy and Terms of Use