https://www.bloggingfusion.com/privacy-policy/
13,502 active listings
Search the blog directory and find top quality websites and blogs
Search
Latest Categories Viewed
Humor Blogs
Web Design Blogs
Mechanical Blogs
Technology Blogs
Top Countries
United States
United Kingdom
India
Canada
Privacy Policy
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Updated: August 8, 2016
At Blogging Fusion, we take online privacy seriously and we respect the concerns of our community of users. In this policy (the "Privacy Policy") we describe our privacy practices with regard to information we collect through BloggingFusion.com and its affiliated sites (collectively, the "Site"), to help you make informed decisions about how you share information when you visit or use the site, as well as your rights in determining what we do with the information that we collect or hold about you.
Understanding How Information Is Collected on Blogging Fusion:
Information You May Choose to Provide to Us
We may collect information, including personal data, directly from you if you choose to provide that information. For example, you may provide us with your name and contact information (such as an email address), date of birth, or other details of that nature, when you sign up for our newsletters or participate in promotions or surveys on the Site.
You also may choose to provide personal data about yourself when you participate in forums or discussions on the Site. Please be aware that information you post in these forums may be viewed or captured by anyone who visits the Site, therefore you should avoid posting sensitive personal data that you would not want to be available to the public.
Information That Is Automatically Collected When You Visit Blogging Fusion
When you access the Site, we and our third-party partners may automatically collect certain information about your visit using tools such as cookies, web beacons, and other similar technologies. The information collected automatically when you visit the Site may include your IP address, characteristics of your operating system, information about your browser and system settings, data about the computer or mobile device you use to access the Site, unique device identifiers, clickstream data (which shows the page-by-page path you take as you browse the Site). We or our third-party partners with SEO Pro Gurus Inc, and may combine information that each of us collects automatically with other information about you, including information you choose to provide.
Cookies are small files that websites and other online services use to store information about users on the users' own computers. This Site may use cookies (such as HTTP and HTML5 cookies and Flash cookies), as well as other types of local storage. For more information about cookies, you may visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org. See the section below regarding Your choices to learn more about how you may limit or disable cookies on your computer. If you choose to disable cookies, that could affect certain features of the Site that use cookies to enhance their functionality.
To manage our automatic data collection, we may place tags (often referred to as "web beacons") on pages on the Site or in emails we send to you. Web beacons are small files that link web pages to particular web servers and their cookies, and they may be used for a variety of purposes, such as counting the number of visitors to the Site, analyzing how users navigate around the Site, assessing how many emails that we send are actually opened and which articles or links are viewed by visitors.
We also use third-party web analytics services, such as Google Analytics, on the Site, to provide us with statistics and other information about visitors to the Site.
"Do Not Track" Signals. Your browser settings may allow you to automatically transmit a "do not track" signal to websites and online services you visit. At this time there is no consensus among industry participants as to the meaning of "do not track" in this context. Like many other websites, BloggingFusion.com is not configured to respond to "do not track" signals from browsers.
Click here to learn more about "do not track" signals.
Finally, companies that provide certain third-party apps, tools, widgets, and plug-ins that may appear on the Site (for example, Facebook "Like" buttons), also may use automated means to collect information regarding your interactions with these features. This information collection is subject to the privacy policies or notices of those providers.
Further information regarding our use of cookies and other tracking technologies is described in our Cookies Disclosure below.
How We May Use Information We Collect
We may use the information gathered on Blogging Fusion for various purposes, including the purposes listed below. For example, if you were to contact us with a question and provide your email address, we would use the email address you provided to respond to your inquiry. In addition, we use information we collect from you and through the Site to:
1. Provide products and services you request (such as when you sign up to receive our email newsletters);
2. Respond to requests, questions, and comments, and provide other types of user support;
3. Offer you products and services via marketing communications, or direct you to portions of this Site or other websites, that we believe may interest you;
4. To serve advertising, content and offers to you based on your interests and online activities, from us or third parties;
5. Communicate about, and administer your participation in, events, programs, contests, and other offers or promotions;
6. Carry out, evaluate, and improve our business (which may include developing new features for the Site; analyzing and enhancing the user experience on the Site; assessing the effectiveness of our marketing and advertising; and managing our communications);
7. Perform data analytics regarding usage of the Site (including market and customer research, trend analysis, financial analysis, and anonymization of personal data);
8. Guard against, identify, and prevent fraud and other criminal activity, claims, and other liabilities; and
9. Comply with applicable legal requirements, law enforcement requests, and our company policies.
How We May Share Information
Our agents, vendors, consultants, and other service providers may have access to information we collect through the Site to carry out work on our behalf. Those parties are subject to confidentiality obligations and are restricted from using personal data collected through the Site for purposes other than to provide the requested assistance. In addition, we may share information:
1. With our affiliates for internal business purposes;
2. If we are required to do so by law, regulation, or legal process (such as a court order or subpoena);
3. In response to requests from government agencies, such as law enforcement authorities, including to meet national security requirements;
4. If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical harm or financial loss, or in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual illegal activity;
5. With respect to analytics and statistical information, to inform advertisers about the nature of our user base;
6. In the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets (including a reorganization, dissolution, or liquidation). In such an event, we will seek to provide you with commercially reasonable notice, e.g., via email and/or notice on our website, of any change in ownership, incompatible new uses of your personal information, and choices you may have regarding your personal information; and
7. With your consent or at your discretion.
Data Retention and Access
We will retain your personal data only for as long as necessary for the purposes it was retained, such as to enable you to use the Website and your products or to provide services to you. In some instances, we may retain data for longer periods in order to comply with applicable laws (including those regarding document retention), resolve disputes with any parties, and otherwise as necessary to allow us to conduct our business. All personal data we retain will be subject to this Privacy Policy and our internal retention guidelines.
We respect your control over your information and, upon request, we will seek to confirm your identity and whether we hold or are processing information that we have collected from you. You also have the right to amend or update inaccurate or incomplete personal information, request deletion of your personal information, or request that we no longer use it. Under certain circumstances we will not be able to fulfill your request, such as if it interferes with our regulatory obligations, affects legal matters, we cannot verify your identity, or it involves disproportionate cost or effort, but in any event we will respond to your request within a reasonable timeframe and provide you an explanation. In order to make such a request of us, please email us at privacy[at]bloggingfusion.com
Your Choices
Unsubscribe from emails.
To unsubscribe from a particular newsletter, click the "unsubscribe" link at the bottom of that email newsletter. If you would like to globally opt-out from all Blogging Fusion email campaigns, please send an email to support@bloggingfusion.com with "Unsubscribe" in the subject line. When we send newsletters to subscribers we may allow advertisers or partners to include messages in those newsletters, or we may send dedicated newsletters on behalf of those advertisers or partners. We may disclose your opt-out choices to third parties so that they can honor your preferences in accordance with applicable laws.
Blocking cookies.
Certain browsers may be configured to notify you when you receive cookies, or allow you to restrict or disable certain cookies. If you choose to disable cookies, however, that could affect certain features of the Site that use cookies to enhance their functionality.
Disabling local shared objects ("Flash cookies").
We may use other kinds of local storage that function similarly, but are stored in different parts of your computer from ordinary browser cookies. Your browser may allow you to disable its HTML5 local storage or delete information contained in its HTML5 local storage. Click here for details about deleting information contained in "local shared objects" or adjusting related preferences.
Options concerning third-party ad networks.
As described in this Privacy Policy, we and third parties may use cookies and similar tracking technologies to collect information and infer your interests for interest-based advertising purposes. If you would prefer to not receive personalized ads based on your browser or device usage, you may generally opt out of interest-based advertising by clicking here.
Please note that you will continue to see advertisements, but such advertisements will no longer be tailored to your interests. For more information about third-party ad networks and services that use these technologies, you can visit Aboutads.info and click here to opt out or to learn more about your options. You also may visit the NAI's site for additional options on how to opt out of interest-based advertising.
How We Protect Personal Data
We maintain appropriate administrative, technical, and physical safeguards designed to protect the personal data you provide against accidental, unlawful, or unauthorized destruction, loss, alteration, access, disclosure, or use. That said, it is not possible to guarantee the security of information transmitted online, and you assume some risk with regard to the security of information you provide through any website, including this Site. If you have a data security inquiry, you may contact us by emailing security[at]bloggingfusion.com. To request an invite to our bug bounty program to submit reports on vulnerabilities found on BloggingFusion.com, you may contact us by emailing security[at]bloggingfusion.com.
Links From Blogging Fusion to Other Websites
On this Site we provide links to other websites that are controlled by third parties. Linked websites may have their own privacy notices or policies, which we strongly suggest you review. We are not responsible for the content, usage terms, or privacy policies of websites that we do not own or control.
Surveys and Quizzes
While you are visiting Blogging Fusion, you may have the opportunity to participate in surveys, quizzes, or other interactive features that request information about you and your opinions and preferences. Your participation in these features is entirely voluntary. If you do choose to participate, please be aware that these features may be operated by a third party that is not controlled by Blogging Fusion, and therefore the information you provide may be collected by the third party and subject to its privacy policy.
Children's Privacy
This Site is not designed or intended for use by children, and we do not knowingly collect personal data from children under the age of 16. If we become aware that we have collected personal data from a child under the age of 16, we will delete any such information.
Information for Users Outside North America
Your personal data may be stored, transferred and processed in and to the United States, Canada and in other countries by our affiliates and/or service providers. The data protection laws in these countries may provide a lower standard of protection for your personal data than your country of residence. We take great care in protecting your personal data and have put in place adequate mechanisms to protect it when it is transferred internationally. We will transfer your personal data in compliance with applicable data protection laws and will implement suitable safeguards to ensure that your personal data is adequately secured by any third party that will access your information (for instance, by using the Model Clauses as approved by the European Commission).
By using our Site and providing personal data to us, you consent to the terms of this Privacy Policy and the collection, use, maintenance, transfer to and processing of your personal data in the United States, Canada or other countries or territories, and, unless otherwise stated in this Privacy Policy, we use this consent as the legal basis for that data transfer.
If you have questions or wish to obtain more information about the international transfer of your personal data or the implemented safeguards, please send us an email to privacy[at]bloggingfusion.com.
How We'll Inform You About Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update this online privacy policy periodically to reflect changes to our privacy practices, such as how we collect or use personal data. If we propose to make any material changes, we will post a prominent notice on the BloggingFusion.com home page to notify you of significant changes to this policy, and we indicate at the top of the policy the date when it was most recently updated. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
How to Contact Us
If you have questions about this policy or about our privacy practices, you may contact us by emailing privacy[at]bloggingfusion.com.
If you are a California resident inquiring about your California privacy rights, please include "California privacy rights request" in the subject line of your email.
If you are a resident of the European Economic Area inquiring about your rights under the General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR"), please include "GDPR privacy rights request" in the subject line of your email.
You may also write to:
SEO Pro Gurus, IncCanada, Ontario, Kingston,P.O. Box 0823411
Jurisdiction Specific Provisions
Our Notice to California Residents
Subject to certain limits, under California law California residents may ask us to provide them with a list of the categories of personal data that we have disclosed to third parties for those third parties' direct marketing purposes during the preceding calendar year, as well as the identity of those third parties. California residents may contact us as specified in the How to Contact Us section below to make a request for this information.
If you are located in the European Economic Area (EEA):
1. Controller of your Personal Data
2. The controller of your personal data under this Privacy Policy is SEO Pro Gurus, Inc., with an address of Canada, Ontario Kingston, P.O. Box 0823411. Our local representative with respect to the GDPR can be contacted at privacy[at]bloggingfusion.com.
Legal Bases for Using Personal Data
We process your personal data only if we have a legal basis to do so, including:
1. to comply with our legal and regulatory obligations;
2. for the performance of our contract with you or to take steps at your request before entering into a contract;
3. for our legitimate interests or those of a third party;
4. where you have given consent to our specific use.
The purpose for which we use and process your information and the legal basis on which we carry out each type of processing is further explained below.
Purposes for which we will process the information
To provide products and services you request.
To respond to requests, questions, and comments, and provide other types of user support.
To offer you products and services in marketing communications, or direct you to portions of this Site or other websites, that we believe may interest you.
To communicate about, and administer your participation in, events, programs, contests, and other offers or promotions
To carry out, evaluate, and improve our business (which may include developing new features for the Site; analyzing and enhancing the user experience on the Site; assessing the effectiveness of our marketing and advertising; and managing our communications.
To perform data analytics regarding usage of the Site (including market and customer research, trend analysis, financial analysis, and anonymization of personal data).
To serve advertising, content and offers to you based on your interests and online activities, from us or third parties.
To enable our affiliates or service providers to perform certain activities on our behalf;
To notify you of any changes to the Site that may affect you.
If we are required to do so by law, regulation, or legal process (such as a court order or subpoena);
In response to requests from government agencies, such as law enforcement authorities, including to meet national security requirements;
If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical harm or financial loss, or in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual illegal activity; and
In the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets (including a reorganization, dissolution, or liquidation). In such an event, we will seek to provide you with commercially reasonable notice, e.g., via email and/or notice on our website, of any change in ownership, incompatible new uses of your personal information, and choices you may have regarding your personal information; and
Guard against, identify, and prevent fraud and other criminal activity, claims, and other liabilities; and
Comply with applicable legal requirements, law enforcement requests, and our company policies.
Legal Basis for the processing
It is necessary for us to process your personal data in order to deliver the services and process transactions according to the applicable contract between us.
It is necessary for us to respond to requests, questions, and comments, and provide other types of user support in order to take steps at your request or according to the applicable contract between us.
We may send electronic marketing communications to you if you have consented to these communications.
It is in our legitimate interest to market products and services to you by other means and to direct you to portions of this Site or other websites that we believe may interest you. We consider this use to be proportionate and will not be prejudicial or detrimental to you.
We will send electronic communications to you if you have consented to these communications. With respect to other communications, it is in our legitimate interest to communicate to you and administer your participation in, our events, programs, contests, and other offers or promotions. We consider this use to be proportionate and will not be prejudicial or detrimental to you.
It is in our legitimate interests to process your personal data to carry out these activities. We consider this use to be proportionate and will not be prejudicial or detrimental to you.
We will serve you advertising, content and offers to you based on your interests and online activities if you have consented to this processing.
It is necessary for us to process your personal data in this manner in order to deliver the services and process transactions according to the applicable contract between us. It is also in our legitimate interest to enable our service providers and affiliates to perform certain activities on our behalf. We consider this use to be proportionate and will not be prejudicial or detrimental to you.
It is necessary for us to process your personal data in order to deliver the services and process transactions according to the applicable contract between us.
We conduct this processing to comply with our legal obligations and to protect the public interest.
We conduct this processing to comply with our legal obligations and to protect the public interest.
International Transfers
Some of our processing of your data will involve transferring your data outside the European Economic Area ("EEA"). Some of our external third-party service providers are also based outside of the EEA, and their processing of your personal data will involve a transfer of data outside the EEA. This includes the United States. Where personal data is transferred to and stored in a country not determined by the European Commission as providing adequate levels of protection for personal data, we take steps to provide appropriate safeguards to protect your personal data, including when appropriate entering into standard contractual clauses approved by the European Commission, obliging recipients to protect your personal data.
Retention of Personal Data
We will retain your personal data only for as long as necessary for the purposes it was retained, such as to enable you to use the Site and your products or to provide services to you. In some instances, we may retain data for longer periods in order to comply with applicable laws (including those regarding document retention), resolve disputes with any parties, and otherwise as necessary to allow us to conduct our business. All personal data we retain will be subject to this Privacy Policy and our internal retention guidelines.
Data Subject Access Rights
You have the following rights:
Right of access to your personal data: You have the right to ask us for confirmation on whether we are processing your personal data, and access to the personal data and related information.
Right to correction: You have the right to have your personal data corrected, as permitted by law.
Right to erasure: You have the right to ask us to delete your personal data, as permitted by law.
Right to withdraw consent: You have the right to withdraw consent that you have provided.
Right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority: You have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority in the member state of your habitual residence.
Right to restriction of processing: You have the right to request the limiting of our processing under limited circumstances.
Right to data portability: You have the right to receive the personal data that you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format, and you have the right to transmit that information to another controller, including to have it transmitted directly, where technically feasible.
Right to object: You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data, as permitted by law, under limited circumstances.
In order to exercise any of these rights, please contact us according to the "How to Contact Us" section herein. Please note that the above rights are not absolute and we may be entitled to refuse requests, wholly or partly, where exceptions under the applicable law apply.
Blogging Fusion Cookie Disclosure
Google Analytics - Used to distinguish users. Persistent 1 hour to 30 Minutes.
Advertising Policy
To help us maintain the resources needed to create the quality content you deserve, we accept advertisements on our Site. We greatly value transparency and hope that this policy leaves you feeling even more confident about the content and service we provide.
Blogging Fusion maintains a distinct separation between advertising and editorial content.
All advertising or sponsored content on Blogging Fusion is clearly and unambiguously distinguished from editorial content through borders or other distinguishing elements and/or identified as an "Ad," "Advertisement," "Sponsored" or a similar designation indicating that the content is being provided by or on behalf of the sponsor.
All "native" ads or paid content are identified as an "Ad," "Advertisement," "Sponsored" or a similar designation indicating that the content is being provided by or on behalf of the sponsor.
Editorial content on Blogging Fusion is not influenced by advertisements unless the content is sponsored content, in which case, the content will be clearly demarcated and/or identified with the title "Ad," "Advertisement," or "Sponsored", or a similar designation, indicating that the content is being provided by or on behalf of an advertiser or sponsor.
All advertisements and sponsored content appearing on Blogging Fusion are subject to the Guidelines found below.
Ecommerce and Affiliate Links Disclosure.
Contributors and/or Blogging Fusion may receive compensation for participation in third-party affiliate marketing programs, including purchases made through links to Blogging Fusion's e-commerce partners, if any. Pages on the Site containing affiliate marketing links, including product reviews, will be demarcated and/or identified with a disclaimer.
Advertising Guidelines
These advertising guidelines ("Guidelines") set forth standards that govern the placement and display of advertisements and sponsored content (collectively "Ads") by any advertiser, agency, or advertising technology platform (collectively "Advertisers").
Advertisers must adhere to these Guidelines when placing Ads, including Ads purchased under the AAAA/IAB Standard Terms and Conditions, on websites or mobile properties owned or controlled by SEO Pro Gurus, Inc., including BloggingFusion.com (collectively "Blogging Fusion").
These Guidelines are intended to provide general parameters for Advertisers in connection with Ad creative and content served on Blogging Fusion. They are not exhaustive and do not address every situation or issue that may arise in the course of business. Accordingly, these Guidelines are subject to change from time to time in Blogging Fusion's sole and absolute discretion.
Advertisers are responsible for understanding and complying with all applicable laws and regulations, including FTC guidelines regarding advertising, native advertising disclosures, endorsements, privacy, and data security. All Ad's must be fair, truthful, and clearly distinguishable from editorial content. Advertisers are responsible for ensuring all Ads and related claims are adequately substantiated. Further, Advertisers must adhere to Blogging Fusion's Prohibited Content Guidelines and Additional Standards set forth below, which are incorporated into and made a part of these Guidelines.
Ads served through networks or exchanges are reviewed on a regular basis and, in addition to any other remedies Blogging Fusion may have, Blogging Fusion reserves the right to remove, without notice, any Ads that do not meet these Guidelines, regardless of whether the Ad was previously accepted by Blogging Fusion.
PROHIBITED CONTENT
Ads may not contain or promote the following:
Illegal Drugs/Alcohol/Tobacco. Ads may not promote illegal drugs, illegal substances, abuse of prescription drugs, use of alcohol (except for beer and wine), or tobacco products, or any related paraphernalia thereto. Lawful products and services which promote quitting tobacco related products are permitted.
Weapons/Violence. Ads may not promote the use, distribution, or making of firearms, ammunition, explosives, pyrotechnics or other weapons. Ads may not promote violence, cruelty, or physical or emotional harm to any person or animal.
Illegal Activities/Gambling. Ads may not promote any illegal or other questionable activities which may be illegal in one or more jurisdictions, including without limitation hacking, counterfeiting, or other activities that may violate the intellectual property, privacy, publicity, or contractual rights of others. Ads may not contain or promote content related to scams, financial schemes, pyramid schemes or other fraudulent or illegal financial or investment opportunities. Ads may not promote casinos, gambling, betting, numbers games, sports or financial betting. Ads promoting state lotteries are permitted.
Hate/Intolerance/Discrimination. Ads may not contain or promote hate speech, personal attacks, or discrimination toward any individual, group, country or organization.
Obscenity/Indecency/Profanity. Ads may not contain or promote any obscene, indecent, profane or offensive words, images, sounds, videos or other content.
Political/Religious. Ads may not contain hostile, offensive, inflammatory or hateful speech related to political or religious topics or groups. Ads may not exploit controversial political, social, or religious issues for commercial purposes.
Sexual/Adult Content. Ads may not include full or partial nudity, depictions of people in explicit positions, or activities that are overly suggestive or sexually provocative. Ads will not contain text or images exposing anyone or anything involved in explicit sexual acts or lewd and lascivious behavior. Ads may not promote escort, dating, erotic message, pornography, or other sexual products or services.
Disparagement/Defamation. Ads may not contain disparaging or defamatory information or content which tends to harm the reputation of Blogging Fusion or any other individual, group, or organization.
Gross Depictions. Ads may not contain or promote content that is crude, vulgar, degrading or likely to shock or disgust.
Militant/Extremism. Ads may not contain or promote extremely aggressive and combative behaviors or unlawful political measures, including individuals or groups advocating violence as a means to achieve their goals.
Sensitive Content. Ads may not target sensitive categories such as financial status, medical conditions, mental health, criminal record, political affiliation, age, racial or ethnic origin, religious or philosophical affiliation or beliefs, sexual behavior or orientation, or trade union membership.
Free Goods/Services. Ads may not distribute or promise to distribute any free goods and services.
Targeted at Children. Ads may not specifically target children, including through cartoons or other similar content.
Unverifiable Claims. Ad's may not make confusing claims that reasonable consumers cannot readily understand and evaluate.
Before/After Images. Ad may not depict "before and after" images or images that contain unexpected or unlikely results.
Health/Safety Claims. Ads may not promote actions likely to harm one's health, such as bulimia, anorexia, binge drinking, or drug use. Ads may not make health claims that are not clearly substantiated. Advertisers may be required to submit supporting documentation to substantiate their products' claims.
Misleading/False/Deceptive: Ads may not contain any information or content that is potentially misleading, false, or deceptive, including content which is meant to deceptively generate clicks such as fake "close" buttons.
Competitive to Blogging Fusion /Affiliates. Ads may not promote direct competitors of Blogging Fusion or any of its parent, affiliate, subsidiary or other related entity.
ADDITIONAL STANDARDS
Advertisers and Ads must adhere to the following:
Audio/Animation. Ads may not include overly disruptive audio or animation that plays automatically.
Popups/Downloads. Ads may not include lead ads, floating layers, pop-ups, surveys, or any digital downloads.
Malicious Software. Ads may not contain malicious code, software or viruses, including malware, spyware, adware, stealware, or Trojan horses.
Separation. Ads must contain clear boarders and be displayed so they are unmistakably not part of Blogging Fusion's editorial site content.
Phishing. Ads may not trap or trick a user into providing money or any account, personal or other sensitive information.
Compatibility. Ads must function uniformly on both Apple and PC formats, as well as all major Internet browsers.
Independence. Ads may not appear to compromise or influence Blogging Fusion's editorial independence from Advertisers.
Endorsements. Ads may not create or imply the existence of any endorsement by Blogging Fusion of any product, service or organization.
Landing Pages. Landing pages associated with Ads must correspond to the Ads call to action and not engage in "bait and switch".
Proprietary Rights. Ads may not violate any copyright, trademark, trade-secret, patent, publicity, privacy, or other proprietary rights of Blogging Fusion or any third party. Advertisers may not alter or interfere with the readability or display of any Blogging Fusion trademarks, service marks, logos, designs or slogans.
Data Collection/Use. Ads may not include open-box forms to register users or collect any data. Ads may not collect and sell or license any data or mailing lists regarding Blogging Fusion users without the users' express permission. Advertisers may not collect any personally identifiable information from Blogging Fusion users or place any cookies, applets or other similar files - if those files transmit any personally identifiable information to Advertisers - on desktop computers or mobile devices of Blogging Fusion users. Advertisers must handle data with appropriate care, not misuse any data which they are permitted to collect, nor collect any data for unclear purposes or without appropriate security measures.
Thank you for visiting Blogging Fusion.
Privacy Policy August 8, 2016 © Blogging Fusion Blog Directory
Sponsor Resources
Time CalculatorTime and Date Calculator.A useful time and date calculator. Calculate how many days between dates. Use our free timezone calculator to find any dates. StopwatchA free to use stopwatch and timer with laps and notifications. Percentage CalculatorUse our free tools to calculate the percentage change and sales tax calculator Tip CalculatorUse our free tip calculator to easily find how much to tip every time you are in a restaurant or shop. 123Answers.com123Answers.com is your one stop shop for all game answers and cheats. We offer a wide variety of game solutions for the most popular games on both iOS and Android platforms. Your Ad Here
Get listed in one of the most popular directories online, and start generating quality traffic.
Submit Now!
Our Directories
Article Directory
Templates Directory
Downloads Directory
Recipes Directory
Cartoons Directory
Memes Directory
eBooks Directory
Movie Directory
Best Directories
News Directories
Hosting Directory
Our Content
Baby Names
Facts or Myths
Famous Quotes
Today in History
Celebrity Memorials
Celebrity Mugshots
Infographics Directory
NHL Teams
NFL Teams
NBA Teams
Our Resources
Color Charts
Bad Spider Bots
IP Block List
Email Block List
Domain Block List
Homophones Directory
Wordpress Cheatsheet
SEO Dictionary
Font Awesome Cheatsheet
Free Antivirus Software
CA Prime Ministers
US Presidents
Member Information
Login
Register
Lost Password
Register
Members Directory
Check Status
Tips for Approval
Rejection Reasons
Latest Updates
Latest Reviews