http://www.mushkin.com/Home/index.php/cookie-policy
HomeProductsCommunityCompanySupport
Cookie Policy
Cookie Policy
Cookie Policy
This Cookie Policy explains how Mushkin Enhanced MFG, (collectively “Mushkin”, “we”, “us”, and “ours”) use cookies and similar technologies to recognize you and enhance your experience when you visit our websites www.mushkin.com, www.poweredbymushkin.com, (“Websites”). It explains what these technologies are and why we use them, as well as your rights to control our use of them.
In some cases, we may use cookies to collect personal information, or that becomes personal information is we combine it with other information. In such cases, our Privacy Policy ( http://www.poweredbymushkin.com/Home/index.php/site-term ) will apply in addition to this Cookie Policy.
Consent
By using these websites you consent to the use of cookies in accordance with this Cookies Policy. You will have seen a pop up to this effect on your first visit to this website; although it will not usually appear on subsequent visits you may withdraw your consent at any time by following the instructions below.
What are cookies?
You have the right to decide whether to accept or reject cookies. You can exercise your cookie preferences by clicking on the appropriate opt-out links provided in the cookie table above.
You can set or amend your web browser controls to accept or refuse cookies. If you choose to reject cookies, you may still use our website though your access to some functionality and areas of our website maybe restricted.  As the means by which you can refuse cookies through your browser controls vary from browser-to-browser, you should visit your browser’s help menu for more information.
In addition, most advertising networks offer you a way to opt out of targeted advertising. If you would like to find out more information, please visit http://www.aboutads.info/choices or http://www.youronlinechoices.com .
How often will you update this Cookie Policy?
We may update this Cookie Policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to the cookies we use or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons. Please therefore re-visit the Cookie Policy regularly to stay informed about our use of cookies and related technologies.
The date at the top of this page indicates when it was last updated.
How to disable cookies?
If you do not agree to the use of these cookies please disable them by declining cookies on the page pop-up or by following the instructions for your browser set out here. Please note that some of the services may not function if cookies are disabled.
Where the organization setting the cookie provides an automated disabling tool in respect of its cookie(s) we list the name of that organization, and the category of cookies it sets together with a link to its automated disabling tool. In all other cases, we list the names of the cookies themselves and their source at the date of this Cookies policy so that you can easily identify and disable them if you want through your browser controls.
Some browsers make it possible for you to signal that you do not want your internet browsing activity to be tracked. Disabling tracking may interfere with some uses of the Website and the services provided on the Website.
After your initial visit to the Website we may change the cookies we use. This cookies policy will always allow you to know who is placing cookies, for what purpose the cookies are placed, and give you the means to disable them so you should check it from time to time.
What types of cookies does Mushkin use?
We describe the categories of cookies Mushkin and its affiliates and its contractors use below.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
These cookies are essential in order to enable you to move around the website and use its features. Without these cookies, services you have asked for (such as navigating between pages) cannot be provided.
This Website currently uses the following strictly necessary cookies:
Cookie Name
Source
Purpose
Further information
PHPSESSID
Mushkin
This cookie is PHP session ID, a unique identifier of a user’s session. This cookie expires when browsing session ends.
Session cookie
cookieconsent_status
Mushkin
This session cookie implements a cookies notification toolbar which is essential for the operation of our websites. It manages how cookies is handled depending on users.
jQuery Migrate 1.4.1
718f800376d6f1afdba242cb1d88f9f4
Mushkin
This cookie is PHP a simple, lightweight jQuery plugin for reading, writing and deleting cookies.
a382a7c3e13789aded2d7e4becec0ba1
Mushkin
This cookie helps select correct language for visitor. By default we only provide all content in English en-GB.
Performance Cookies
We make use of analytic cookies to analyze how our visitors use our Website and to monitor Website performance. This allows us to provide a high-quality experience by customizing our offering and quickly identifying and fixing any issues that arise. For example, we might use performance cookies to keep track of which pages are most popular, which method of linking between pages is most effective, and to determine why some pages are receiving error messages. We might also use these cookies to highlight articles or site services that we think will be of interest to you based on your usage of the website. The information collected by these cookies is not associated with your personal information by us or by our contractors.
The Website currently uses the following analytic cookies from Google Analytics:
Cookie Name
Source
Purpose
Further information
-utma
Google Analytics
These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our site. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve our site. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, where visitors have come to the site from and the pages they visited.
Click here for Google’s privacy policy in respect of Google Analytics
-utmb
-utmc
http://www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html
-utmz
_ga
You may opt out of tracking by Google Analytics by visiting
_gid
_gat
_dc
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en-GB.
_dc_gtm_UA-33485401-2
_gat_UA- 38308917-1
Persistent cookies.
Advertising Cookies
Advertising cookies (or targeting cookies) collect information about the browsing habits associated with your device and are used to make advertising more relevant to you and your interests. They are also used by services provided by third parties on this Website, such as ‘Like’ or ‘Share’ buttons in addition to providing the requested functionality. Third parties provide these services in return for recognising that you (or more accurately your device has) have visited a certain website. These third parties put down advertising cookies both when you visit our Website and when you use their services and navigate away from our Website. Their privacy practices are set out below:
In addition to the cookies set by third parties set out above, the following other advertising cookies may also be used:
Cookie Name
Source
Purpose
Further information
Id
doubleclick.net
These doubleclick cookie are to support Advertisements presented in the website.
Persistent cookie
IDE
doubleclick.net
Persistent cookie
tfw_exp
Twitter
Advertising
Persistent cookie
_twitter_sess
ct0
external_referer
personalization_id
syndication_guest_id
act
Facebook
Advertising
c_user
pl
presence
spin
wd
xs
BizoID
Linkedin
Advertising
BizoUserMatchHistory
UserMatchHistory
lang
_guid
_lipt
_lipt
lang
liap
lidc
sdsc
S
CJ
Advertising
LCLK
DotomiUser
SESS
NSID
CJSession
PAGE_VIEW
Snap
Advertising
PURCHASE
MR
Bing
Advertising
ANON
KievRPSAuth
KievRPSSecAuth
MUID
NAP
PPLState
SRCHD
SRCHUID
SRCHUSR
WLID
WLS
_EDGE_S
_SS
_U
MUIDB
HTML email web beacons
Our emails may contain a single, campaign-unique “web beacon pixel” to tell us whether our emails are opened and verify any clicks through to links within the email. We may use this information for purposes including determining which of our emails are more interesting to you, to query whether users who do not open our emails wish to continue receiving them. The pixel will be deleted when you delete the email. If you do not wish the pixel to be downloaded to your device, you should select to receive emails from us in plain text rather than HTML.
Use of IP addresses and web logs
We may also use your IP address and browser type to help diagnose problems with our server, to administer our Website and to improve the service we offer to you. An IP address is a numeric code that identifies your computer on the internet. Your IP address might also be used to gather broad demographic information.
We may perform IP lookups to determine which domain you are coming from (e.g. google.com) to more accurately gauge our users’ demographics.
Cookies policy does not cover third party websites
Please note that this cookies policy does not apply to, and we are not responsible for, the privacy practices of third party websites which may be linked to this Website.
Where can I get further information?
If you have any questions about our use of cookies or other technologies, please email us at support@mushkin.com or by post to:
Mushkin Enhanced MFG
828 New Meister Lane, Suite 300
Pflugerville, TX 78660
USA
You are here:
Home
.
Cookie Policy
Desktop Version