http://www.4webhelp.net/privacy.php
You are using a browser which is not compatible with CSS (for more information, see Tara's tutorial).
Because of this, it is possible that our website may not appear
correctly in your browser. We apologise for the inconvenience, and
recommend you upgrade your browser to one which is compatible with CSS.
For more information, please visit our Browser Upgrade page.
Home
FAQs
Forums
Links
Online Tools
phpBB
Scripts
Tutorials:
Apache
CSS
Databases
Graphics
Hosting
HTML & XHTML
Miscellaneous
Perl
PHP
About us
Contact us
Credits
Link to us
Search:
Privacy Statement
General Privacy Statement
4WebHelp.net has created this privacy statement in order to
demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information
gathering and dissemination practices for this website: 4WebHelp.net.
IP Address
An IP (Internet Protocol) address is a unique identifier for a computer on
a particular network; including the Internet. When you log on to the Internet,
your computer is issued with an IP address.
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, for security
purposes and to administer our website. Your IP address is used to gather broad
demographic information.
Cookies
The main purpose of cookies is to identify Internet users and possibly prepare
customized web content for them. We use cookies to enable functionality of our
message boards.
Links to other sites
This site contains links to other sites. 4WebHelp.net is not
responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Public Forums
This site makes chat rooms and forums available to its users. Please remember
that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information
and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information.
These forums are not monitored on a 24/7 basis, but if you feel that an item
posted is offensive please contact us.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration
of the information under our control. Details of our subscribers and members
are kept in secure areas of our server with encrypted passwords. Security of
our site is controlled in part by our hosting service - 34SP. All activity on
4WebHelp.net is logged for security purposes.
Mailing lists
Any persons signing up for any of our in-house mailing lists are assured that
we do not, under any circumstances sell, rent or otherwise redistribute our
mailing lists to any other company.
Abuse/Inappropriate Communications
We reserve the right to forward abusive and inappropriate communications to
the service providers of the originating communication and to relevant local,
state, federal and international authorities.
Law enforcement
We may disclose personally identifiable information in response to legal process,
for example, in response to a court order or a subpoena. We also may disclose
such information in response to a law enforcement agency's request
Choice/Opt-Out
Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications
from us and our partners at the point where we request information about the
visitor.
This site gives users the following options for removing their information
from our database to not receive future communications or to no longer receive
our service.
You can send us an email via our contact form
Each email sent out contains a link at the end to allow for an easy removal
from our mailing list
Correct/Update
This site gives users the following options for changing and modifying information
previously provided.
Use the Profile section
in our forums.
Email us via our contact form if you are unable
to alter your own information.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this
site, or your dealings with 4WebHelp.net, you can contact us
via our contact form.
This page is © Copyright 2002-2020, 4WebHelp. It may not be reproduced without 4WebHelp's prior permission.
© Copyright 2002-2020, 4WebHelp Team
• Disclaimer • Privacy Statement • UK hosting provided by 34SP.com
Page generation time:
0.036763 seconds • 9 SQL queries executed