http://www.cosmigo.com/privacy-statement
HomePrivacy Statement
This page contains information about how cosmigo handles user data that is either gathered from user behavior when browsing pages or sent via interactive forms, email messages or other communication media.
We are not using any personal information to sell or otherwise take profit from their usage. The data gathered is required to provide our services such as order processing, customer or community support.
By using our site, you consent to our web site privacy policy. If you don’t accept this policy then you must leave this site.
Collected data and storage
We store technical data for the purpose of statistical data collection, analyzing malfunctions using so called logging. The information stored are: URL called, files accessed, time and date, amount of transferred data, browser identification and browser request details.
Logged data is automatically deleted after 7 days.
For the purpose of placing orders you enter personal data that is required to process this order. Type and amount of data depends on the payment processing service you use.
Please read the privacy policy of the respective provider which we link hereby to as a convenience:
PayPal, Inc.
ShareIt, Digital River, Inc.
Data forwarded to us by those payment processing companies is stored on computer systems in accordance with European and German law and their respective retention periods.
To use community functions such as the forum space your email is required to provide the service.
Cookies are used to store state information within your browser. Cookies are small portions of text data connected with our site. Whenever you access the site those cookies are sent to the site for processing. This helps to keep you logged in permanently (e.g. forum space) or track your behavior (see “User Behavior Analysis”).
Place of Data Processing
Cosmigo computer systems are located in the USA as well as in Germany. Payment service providers or otherwise embedded content may process data in different countries according to their privacy statements or terms of service.
Inclusion of Third Party Content
We may include links or embedded media from third parties. We have no influence on the privacy rules of such third party providers. They may use different privacy rules which you are encouraged to read.
We include content from YouTube, so the Google Privacy Policy applies.
User Behavior Analysis
These pages use Google Analytics, a statistical analyzing service by Google Inc., USA . Google analytics uses Cookies to store anonymous ids to track user actions on our site. The storage is done at your browser data storage as well as with Google server systems. This helps us to improve contents and user experience provided at our pages. We are using IP anonymization so that Google does not record your IP together with the statistical data.
You can generally deactivate Google Analytics by using information and tool sets provided by Google: Google Opt-Out .
As an alternative you may use the following link to store information on your system that prevents sending data to Google Analytics for this page: Google Custom Search Enginge is used to search for site contents. It may display adverts based on the search text you entered. We do not feed this function with any personal information you otherwise provide. The Google Privacy Policy applies.
Data Protection and Third Parties
A visit to our website can result in the storage of information on our server as described above. If personal data are collected, this only occurs – to the extent possible – with the prior consent of the user of the website. Any forwarding of the data to third parties without the express consent of the user shall not take place.
We would like to expressly point out that the transmission of data via the Internet (e.g. by e-mail) can offer security vulnerabilities. It is therefore impossible to safeguard such data completely against access by third parties.
The use by third parties of all published contact details for the purpose of advertising is expressly excluded. We reserve the right to take legal steps in the case of the unsolicited sending of advertising information; e.g., by means of spam mail.
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you enter, submit, or access your personal information.
Contact Details
You can request information about your personal data that is stored on our systems as well as deletion or update of stored data or registrations.
Responsible contact persons are
Daniel Sczepansky, cosmigo GmbH
Luthereichenhöhe 11
09116 Chemnitz
dsc@cosmigo.com
Jan Zimmermann, cosmigo software development
Waldstrasse 57
08451 Crimmitschau
jan@cosmigo.com
According to Art. 14 Abs. 1 ODR-VO follow this link to the website of the European Commission’s entity for online dispute resolution for consumer disputes: http://ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr