http://www.sawmill.net/privacy.html
Download Sawmill 8.8.1
30 Days Free Trial
Terms of Use | License Agreement | About | Contact Us | News | Press | Resellers | Clients | Case Studies | White Papers
.
PRIVACY POLICY
Our Customers' Privacy
Flowerfire, Inc, the supplier of the Sawmill product line, is committed to maintaining the privacy of its customers and the online visitors. Flowerfire does not share personal information of its customers for any purpose other than as described within this Policy.
Personal Information Collection and Use
You can browse our website without the collection of any personal information. We use Sawmill to analyze web traffic, but it is in an anonymous, aggregate form. Our web log data collects IP addresses, user-agent and referrer information. Personal data is collected once you download or purchase Sawmill from us. Your personal information can include your name, email address, your mailing address and phone number. We do not share this with any third party organizations, other than our partners or resellers who have an active and direct interest in ensuring customers are kept up to date with new product announcements and releases. We use it to improve our website. Once you purchase our product, you will automatically receive emails from us. These emails are to inform you of new releases. If you wish to be removed, please email us at support@flowerfire.com.
The Use of Cookies
We set a cookie to your hard drive to identify returning users. A cookie cannot give us access to your information, beyond what you provide to us.
The Privacy of Children
Our site does not offer information or services intended to attract children. We do not intentionally gather personal information of children under 13.
Security of Your Information
Upon the purchase of Sawmill, your information is sent with SSL encryption across the Internet. We use the highest standards to protect your information against piracy or misuse of any kind.
Updating Your Personal Information
If you need to update any of your information, please email us at the support email address as indicated above.
Your Consent
By using our website, you consent to the collection and use of your personal information as outlined in this privacy policy. We may change our privacy policy and will update this site as changes are made. If you have questions or concerns, please email, privacy@flowerfire.com or write to us: Flowerfire, Inc. 340 Soquel Avenue, Suite 207, Santa Cruz, CA 95062.
© 2020 Flowerfire |
Copyright |
Privacy Policy |
License Agreement |
Terms of Use |
Contact |
Feedback |
About