http://www.datacottage.com/nch/privacy-policy.htm
Network Cabling Help - Copyright © 2016 -  All rights reserved. - Privacy and Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
Nothing is more important to Network Cabling Help than protecting the private information of visitors to our
site. Below you'll find information about our commitment to ensuring the privacy of your personally
identifiable information (such as your full name, address, email address, telephone number and/or other
identifying information) and preserving the integrity of the medium.
Please read the following carefully. If you have any questions or concerns, please contact us.
Gathering and Use of Information
Network Cabling Help will never wilfully disclose any personally identifiable information about our online
audience to any third party without first receiving the user's permission. We do not collect personally
identifiable information from our visitors other than what is supplied to us on a voluntary basis.
Visitors to the Network Cabling Help Web Site may voluntarily supply certain personally identifiable
information in connection with (i)contest or sweepstakes registration, (ii) subscription registration for sites
or services which require subscription (such as email newsletters), (iii) requests for membership
information and (iv) e-commerce transactions. In addition, personally identifiable information is voluntarily
provided in connection with certain content submissions, community postings (i.e., forums or bulletin
boards), comments and suggestions, or voting.
Network Cabling Help may use such information only for conducting the activities stated above, for
internal marketing and promotional purposes only.
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may
use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits
to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.
If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this
information used by these companies, click here.
We allow third-party companies, including AddThis, to collect certain anonymous information when you
visit our website. These companies may use non-personally identifiable information during your visits to
this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater
interest to you. These companies typically use a cookie or a third party web beacon to collect this
information. To learn more about this behavioural advertising practice, you can visit
www.networkadvertising.org.
Acceptance of these Network Cabling Help Web Site Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions
By using this site, you signify your agreement to the terms and conditions of this Network Cabling Help
Web Site Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, please do not use the site. We
reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of this policy at any
time. Please check this page periodically for any changes. Your continued use of the Network Cabling
Help Web Site following the posting of any changes to these terms shall mean that you have accepted
those changes. If you have any questions or concerns, please contact us.
Back to the Home Page