http://www.asna.com/us/privacy
×
Select a country/region
Country
United States
Deutschland
España
United Kingdom
Italia
America latina
Japan
Remember this choice
Cancel
Select
Toggle navigation
Solutions
Overview
Modernization
Extension
Migration
Products
Overview
Mobile RPG
WingsRPG
Monarch
Visual RPG
Synon Escape
Visual RPG Classic
DataGate
Browser Terminal
Services
Overview
Custom Development
Migration
Education
Events
Upcoming Events
Training
Webcasts
Conferences
Articles
Recent Articles
Newsletter
Press Releases
White Papers
Company
Overview
Management
History
Locations
Case Studies
Support
Overview
TechHub
Documentation
Emerg. License Keys
Contact
Account
Login
Register
Privacy Policy
Home
Privacy
Last update: May 25, 2018
In compliance with EU Regulation 2016/679 on Data Protection
1. Privacy policy
The responsible party for data processing is:
ASNA International S.L.
NIF: B60669272
Calle Dos de Maig, 25 3º 3ª
08172 Sant Cugat del Vallès
Barcelona, Spain
+34 902 365 787
Email: privacy@asna.com
and
ASNA Inc. Reg.
Tax ID 95-3959322
14210 Northbrook Dr, San Antonio, TX 78232
USA Phone Number: +1.800.289.2762
Email: privacy@asna.com
ASNA International S.L. and ASNA, Inc, are referred to hereinafter as "ASNA".
ASNA informs website users about its policy regarding the protection of user and customer personal data that may be collected by browsing the ASNA website.
Accordingly, ASNA guarantees compliance with current regulations for the protection of personal data, reflected in Organic Law 15/1999 of December 13, 2018, for the Protection of Personal Data and Royal Decree 1720/2007, of December 21, 2018, which approves the Development Regulation of the LOPD and EU Regulation 2016/679 on Data Protection.
The use of this website implies the acceptance of this privacy policy.
2. Collection, purpose and data processing
ASNA has the duty to inform users of its website about the collection of personal data that can be carried out, by either sending email or filling out the forms included on the website. ASNA will be considered responsible for the data collected through the means described above.
2.1 Use of personal identification information.
Normally, you can visit this site without telling us who you are or revealing your personal information. However, some areas of this site require access registration, which requires that you provide certain personal information, including your name, email address, and telephone numbers. We collect this information to better understand your needs and provide you with services that are valuable to you. If you choose not to provide part of the information we request, you can still visit much of this site, but you may not be able to access certain options, offers and services, such as downloading trials or evaluating software.
As a condition of being able to download the trial or evaluate the software from this site, your consent may be requested for us, one of our affiliates, representatives or partners to contact you (via email, postal mail or telephone) to provide you with information about other products and/or services that we believe may be of interest to you.
ASNA provides several ways for you to "opt-out" of receiving certain additional information from us or allowing us to provide your personal information to our partners. We offer you these options at the time you provide us with your information. However, the availability of certain offers and services, such as the download of trials or evaluating software, may be conditional according to your acceptance of allowing ASNA or our business partners to contact you, in which case, the notice of such conditions will appear on this site.
2.2 Detail of the information that we collect.
We collect the following information when you create an account on asna.com:
Company name
First name
Last name
Email address
Phone number
Even if you do not have an asna.com account, during a user visit to asna.com, we may use cookies, scripts or other browser technologies to collect:
IP address
Browser type and version
Geographic location
Website pages accessed
Products downloaded
User article comments provided
2.3 Processing of customer data.
On behalf of the company, we use the information you provide to us to provide the requested services: technical support in the use of ASNA technologies and commercial offers related to the products and services that we sell and perform invoicing for. The data provided will be kept as long as the commercial relationship is maintained or during the years necessary to comply with the legal obligations. The data will not be transferred to third parties except in cases where there is a legal obligation. You have the right to obtain confirmation of whether ASNA is caring for your personal data according to our legal obligation, so you have the right to access your personal data, rectify inaccurate data or request its deletion when the data is no longer necessary.
2.4 Processing of data of potential clients.
On behalf of the company, we use the information you provide us with in order to send you advertising related to our products and services by any means (postal mail, email or telephone). The data provided will be kept as long as you do not request the cessation of the activity. The data will not be transferred to third parties except in cases where there is a legal obligation. You have the right to obtain confirmation on whether ASNA is protecting for your personal data, and therefore you have the right to verify your personal data, rectify inaccurate data or request its deletion when your data is no longer needed for the purposes for which it was collected.
2.5 What we do with the user's information?
Much of what we collect on asna.com is to ensure the best possible user experience for you. For example, when you use asna.com, some of the above data is collected to ensure which language version of asna.com is shown the next time you visit the site. Other uses of your data may include:
Providing useful content
Offering you our services and products
Customizing our services and user experience for you
With your permission (which can be revoked at any time), we can send you an email with our company newsletter, special offers, product notices or other promotional considerations. Without your explicit permission, you will not receive our emails.
2.6 Persistence of Information.
Every two years we will send you an email to ensure you want to continue to hear from us. If you choose not to participate at that time, we will delete all your information.
The operation, management and technical procedures that are carried out in an automated or non-automated manner and that enable the collection, storage, modification, transfer and other actions for personal data, is considered to be the processing of personal data.
All personal data, which is collected through the ASNA website, and therefore is considered processing personal data and will be incorporated into the files declared to the Spanish Agency for Data Protection by ASNA.
3. Use of password for access to our website
When you register on this site, you will create a password that will allow you to access certain areas of this site. You will be responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your personal information and password. You will be responsible for all uses of your password, whether you have authorized it or not. You agree to notify us immediately of any unauthorized use of your password.
4. Communication of information to third parties
As ASNA is a global company, we provide company information to our offices around the world. The personal information you have given us can be transferred to other ASNA offices around the world. For example, when European customers register ASNA products, their personal information can be transferred to servers in the United States and then transferred back to servers in one or more of ASNA's European offices. In addition, in certain countries, our external contractors and our partners can collect, transfer, store and process your information.
Please note that, in certain cases, it may be necessary for ASNA to disclose your personal information to federal, state and local government officials in the US, UU or in the European Union as required by our legal obligations. However, ASNA informs users that their personal data will not be transferred to third-party organizations, with the exception that said the data transfer is covered by a legal obligation or when the provision of a service implies the need for a contractual relationship with a data processor. In the latter case, the transfer of data to the third party will only be carried out when ASNA has the express consent of the user.
5. Rights of users
The privacy of personal data is a new and evolving area, and errors and lack of communication are possible. We will do our best to maintain the accuracy of your personal information.
Organic Law 15/1999, of December 13, 2018, on the Protection of Personal Data gives interested parties the possibility of exercising a series of rights related to the processing of their personal data.
As long as the user's data is processed by ASNA, users may exercise the rights of access, rectification, cancellation and opposition in accordance with the provisions of current legislation on the protection of personal data.
To make use of the exercise of these rights, the user must go through written communication, providing documentation that proves their identity (ID or passport), to one of the following addresses:
ASNA International SL
Dos de Maig Nº 25, 08172 - Sant Cugat del Valles
Barcelona (Spain)
ASNA Inc.
14210 Northbrook Dr.
San Antonio, TX 78232 (USA)
Or send an email to our address privacy@asna.com
Their communication must include the following information: User’s full name, request, address and supporting data. The user must perform the exercise of rights. However, a person authorized as their legal representative may also execute them. Legal representation of the user must be able to provide proper representation. Canceling authorization for sending you marketing communications.
You can revoke your authorization for sending marketing communications by viewing your personal profile at asna.com (after logging in, click on the person icon in the top-level menu bar and then select "Profile"). Then you can:
Click on "Edit profile" to tell us you do not want to hear about our offers and services.
Or delete your entire asna.com account with the "Delete my account" button.
Please note that if you delete your asna.com account, you will lose the ability to download ASNA products.
6. Use of Cookies
Our site uses cookies as a convenience for our customers with asna.com accounts. If you have cookies enabled with your browser when you use the site asna.com, your language of choice and your login information are stored in a cookie. In addition, we use cookies for the internal management of our website, as well as performing monitors that allow us to offer better service. If you wish to consult in detail the cookies we use and in what way, consult our Cookies Policy.
7. Cookies control
You can control and/or delete cookies at any time - for details, visit this webpage. You can either delete the cookies that are already on your computer or prevent them, in most browsers, from being created again in the future. If you decide to choose this last option, you must manually adjust some of the site's viewing preferences, and it is possible that some of the site's functions may not work correctly.
8. Links to third-party websites
The ASNA website may contain links to the websites of our business partners, as well as third parties whose content, operation and/or Privacy Policies may vary with respect to this Privacy Policy.
We may also establish a link to regularly co-branded websites that are maintained by ASNA and/or one or more of our business partners. An example of a co-branded site is shop.ASNA.com. When you send information to one of our co-branded sites, you may be sending it to ASNA or one of our business partners. The privacy policies of these co-branded sites may differ from the privacy policy of this site. We recommend that you read the privacy policies on any co-branded site to which you link for information on the privacy practices of that site.
ASNA is not responsible for the pages of our commercial partners, as well as third parties, regarding their content, or regarding their privacy statement. ASNA advises you to read the privacy policies of these websites since they may differ from our Privacy Policy.
Remember that any information you send in a chat group or forum will be considered public information and is not confidential. There is a risk in such communication sites that the information may be collected and used by others. Be careful and be responsible when you are online.
9. Changes to this policy
ASNA reserves the right to modify or revise this policy at any time. We review and update our privacy practices from time to time. In general, we do not provide specific notifications of such updates, and we reserve the right to make changes without prior notice. You must visit this page, at least once every thirty days, to review the ASNA privacy practices which are in effect at the time, as they are legally binding. All updates will be published on this site. Your continued use of this site will be construed as your consent to any revised privacy practices.
10. Questions, complaints or comments.
If you have any questions, complaints or comments regarding how we handle your personal information, please contact our Data Protection Officer at privacy@asna.com.