https://www.worldclasspc.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy Statement
This is the privacy policy for all web sites operated by World Class PC Inc., including http://www.worldclasspc.com.
CONTACT INFORMATION
Our postal address is: PO Box 370, Washington, IN 47501. We can be reached via e-mail at sales@worldclasspc.com, or you can reach us by telephone at 812-486-7385.
INFORMATION COLLECTION POLICIES
For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes only the consumer’s domain name and aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit, including user-specific information on what pages are accessed and any information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations.
The information we collect is used to improve the content of our Web page, to customize the content and/or layout of our page for each individual visitor, used by us to contact consumers for marketing purposes, and is not shared with other reputable organizations to help them contact consumers for marketing purposes.
With respect to cookies: We use cookies to store visitors preferences, record session information, such as items that consumers add to their shopping cart, what pages users access or visit, and record past activity in order to provide better service when returning to our site.
If you do not want to receive e-mail from us or outside companies in the future, please let us know by sending us e-mail to sales@worldclasspc.com, calling us at the above telephone number, writing to us at the above address or following the directions at the bottom of any email solicitation received from us.
Never do we make the e-mail addresses of those who access our site available to other reputable organizations whose products or services we think you might find interesting. If you do want us to share your e-mail address with other companies or organizations, please let us know by sending us e-mail to sales@worldclasspc.com, calling us at the above telephone number, writing to us at the above address or following the directions at the bottom of any email solicitation received from us.
If you supply us with your postal address on-line, you may receive periodic mailings from us with information on new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please let us know by sending us e-mail to sales@worldclasspc.com, calling us at the above telephone number, or writing to us at the above address. Please include the information from your catalog or mailing label when making these requests.
You will not receive mailings from other reputable companies. You can, however, have your name put on our share list by sending us e-mail to sales@worldclasspc.com, calling us at the above telephone number, or writing to us at the above address. Please provide us with your exact name and address as it appears on your mailing label. We will be sure your name is removed from the list we share with other organizations.
Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line will only receive telephone contact from us with information regarding orders they have placed on-line.
With respect to Ad Servers: We do not partner with or have special relationships with any ad server companies.
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our web sites to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our web site periodically.
Upon request we provide site visitors with access to all information that we maintain about them, unique identifier information (e.g., customer number or password) that we maintain about them, and contact information (e.g., name, address, phone number) that we maintain about them. Consumers can request this information by emailing us at sales@worldclasspc.com. Upon request we offer visitors the ability to have inaccuracies corrected in contact information. Consumers can have this information corrected by sending us e-mail to sales@worldclasspc.com, calling us at the above telephone number, or writing to us at the above address.
With respect to security: We always use industry-standard encryption technologies when transferring and receiving consumer data exchanged with our site, When we transfer and receive certain types of sensitive information such as financial or health information, we redirect visitors to a secure server and will notify visitors through a pop-up screen on our site, We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at sales@worldclasspc.com or calling us at the above listed phone number.