http://www.blogflux.com/privacy.php
JoinLogin About
SEARCH
Go
Select Blogflux Services
Blog Directory
Yellow Pages
Button Maker
Blogging Tools
Top Sites
Who's Online
Privacy Policy
Privacy Statement for Blog Flux and its associated services
Blog Flux has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate
our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses the information
gathering and dissemination practices for this Web site: Blog Flux
Information Automatically Logged
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to
administer our Web site. For the majority of the site, the IP is simply stored
for security purposes, such as a DOS attack. Your IP is not used for any other
purposes.
Advertisers
We use an outside ad company to display ads on our site. These ads may
contain cookies. Cookies received with banner ads are collected by our ad
company, and we do not have access to this information. Cookies are used on Blog
Flux only for login purposes.
Personal Information
This Web site does not request any personal information other than your
email. Your email is only used for contacting you about Blog Flux updates.
Registered users on the site may also contact you through the website. If you so
desire, you can cease any of these contacts through your control panel. Your email will
also not be distributed to anyone for any purpose. If you are a subscriber to
our Subscription Service, you have the option of not allowing the blog owner to
see your email.
Blog Flux maintains a strict "no-spam" policy. Your e-mail address will not
be sold to a third party. At no time is personal information collected without
explicit consent.
External Links
This site contains links to other sites. Blog Flux is not responsible
for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and
alteration of the information under our control.
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this
site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact us at the following
page: contact us.
We are currently featuring157,056 blogsin our directory. Find a new great read in our blog directory. Browse
Blog Flux © 1999-2020 GeoPants Inc | About Us | Contact Us | Privacy Policy