https://www.prostructure.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Home
/
Privacy Policy
Who we are
For over eighteen years ProStructure Consulting has provided high-end security, computing, network, and compliance engineering and management direction to technology driven companies and Government agencies.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Contact forms
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Analytics
Who we share your data with
ProStructure shares your data with no one.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Your contact information
ProStructure shares your data with no one.
Additional information
How we protect your data
ProStructure maintains a Defense in Depth strategy to protect its data and applications.
What data breach procedures we have in place
ProStructure maintains a Defense in Depth strategy to protect its data and applications.
What third parties we receive data from
ProStructure receives no data from third parties.
What automated decision making and/or profiling we do with user data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Industry regulatory disclosure requirements
None.
VIEW ALL OUR CLIENTS
503-288-1566
info@prostructure.com
818 SW 3rd Ave. #287 Portland, OR 97204
Name*
Last Name
Email
Message
Submit