https://www.stayinfront.com/privacy-policy-terms-of-use/
Close
' . _x( 'Search for:', 'label' ) . '
This site uses cookies to improve user experiences. Cookies are used to collect information to optimize site functionality, remember form entries and provide tailored content. Click “Accept Cookies” to provide consent for the use of cookies, or click here to learn more about our updated privacy policy and cookie policy.
X
Accept Cookies
StayinFront Internet Privacy Policy/Terms of Use
Effective Date: May 11, 2018
StayinFront Internet Privacy Policy/Terms of Use
StayinFront is committed to providing you with a positive experience during your visit to our web site, while respecting and protecting your online privacy. StayinFront has adopted this Internet Privacy Policy to safeguard your personal information and protect its confidentiality. StayinFront limits the collection and use of personal information to what is necessary to administer our business, provide you with the highest quality visit, and deliver information we believe will be of interest to you.  We do not sell, rent or trade your personal information.
This Privacy Policy details information on when and why we collect your personal information, how we use it, the limited conditions under which we may disclose it to others and how we keep it secure.
A. The Data We Collect
StayinFront collects personal information from our visitors on a voluntary basis only. (The individual information we collect through forms on stayinfront.com is used to facilitate the online experience through enhanced navigation,) answer inquiries, provide requested information, and improve the structure and content of the site.  This data helps us to customize our website to better meet your online needs, so we may request and store the following types of specific information:
Your name
Your Title
Company Name
Address
Telephone number(s)
Email address
Country
Province
IP address
You are under no statutory or contractual requirement or obligation to provide us with your personal information; however we require at least the information above in order for us to deal with you as a prospect or customer in an efficient and effective manner.
B. Data Use
The information collected in this site is used:
to get a better understanding of who visits the site for the purposes of developing content and products,
to obtain contact information to fulfill visitor inquiries and requests for materials such as whitepapers, webinars, brochures, emails and email newsletters, and
to obtain contact information for visitors requesting to be contacted about our products or services.
for statistical analysis and to get feedback from you about our products, websites, and other services and activities
C. Data Collected Through Third Parties
StayinFront may use third-party website tracking services, such as Google Analytics and Lead Forensics, to collect standard internet log information and details about your visit to our website.
We collect these statistics to determine the number of daily visitors to our site; the daily requests for particular files; the types of browsers our visitors use; the visitors’ domain names, pages visited and countries of origin.  This information does not include information on individual visitors. We do not make or allow Google or Lead Forensics to make any attempt to find out the individual personal identities of those visiting our website.  For more information, visit the privacy policies for Google Analytics and Lead Forensics.
StayinFront also uses Redi-Data email deployment services to deliver information. Statistics, including delivery of email, opens and clicks, are gathered using industry standard technologies to help us monitor and improve our emails. For more information, please see Redi-Data’s Privacy Policy. You can unsubscribe to general mailings at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of our emails or by contacting us.
StayinFront Canada and APAC use MailChimp email deployment services to deliver information. Statistics, including delivery of email, opens and clicks, are gathered using industry standard technologies to help us monitor and improve our emails. For more information, please see MailChimp’s Privacy Policy. You can unsubscribe to general mailings or manage preferences at any time by clicking the unsubscribe or manage preference links at the bottom of our emails or by contacting us.
D. Website Cookies
StayinFront employs “cookie” technology to help visitors move faster through the site. When you visit our site, we pass a cookie to your computer. A cookie is a string of information that is sent by a web site and stored on the hard drive or temporarily in your computer’s memory. This leads to quicker navigation and a generally more positive experience searching for the information you desire.  We store name, email, and region data so that forms for gated content do not need to be completed more than once.
Before cookies are placed on your computer or device, you will be shown an ‘Accept Cookies’ button, requesting your consent to set those Cookies. By giving your consent to the placing of Cookies, you are enabling us to provide the best possible experience and service to you. You may, if you wish to deny consent to the place of Cookies; however certain features of our site may not function fully or as intended.
The following first party Cookies may be placed on your computer or device:
Name of Cookie
Purpose
Strictly Necessary
dnn_IsMobile
This cookie is used to check whether user visiting site using mobile or not.
Yes
language
This cookie is used to check language of site.
Yes
SIF1936787010
This cookie used to store Contact Number display on top based on region.
Yes
SIFRegion
This cookie used to store region.
Yes
E. Links
To facilitate navigation, this site may contain links to other sites. We will make every effort to link only to sites that share our high standards and respect for privacy. However, we are not responsible for the content or the privacy practices employed by organizations sponsoring these other sites. These links are used to give you additional and  relevant information. These links include but are not limited to partner sites, client sites, and YouTube.
F. Storage, Access and Security
All personal information you provide to StayinFront is secured on our server, with restricted access. We reserve the right to use agents, who are bound by strict confidentiality agreements, to perform storage and processing functions.
Only designated employees or agents who need to carry out legitimate business functions are permitted to view your personal data. Employees or agents who violate this privacy policy are subject to disciplinary actions, up to and including termination.
G. Disclosure
Because StayinFront considers the individual information we maintain to be confidential, our policy is not to disclose personal information to third parties unless release is required by law or is pertinent to judicial or government investigations or proceedings.
H. Request for Deletion
If you make a request for deletion, we will remove any data we hold about you from the StayinFront CRM system. We will process your request within 30 days.  Please make your request in writing by emailing us.
I. Changes to this Internet Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change this policy at any time.  Visitors will be notified of the existence of the new privacy policy by the posting of the updated policy to our website.
J. Contact Information
Questions or comments regarding this Policy should be submitted by email to StayinFront at:
DataProtectionUS@stayinfront.com
DataProtectionEMEA@stayinfront.com
DataProtectionAPAC@stayinfront.com
K. Effective Date
The effective date of this Internet Privacy Policy is May 11, 2018
General Data Protection Regulation (EU Users)
A. Your Rights
As a data subject, you have the following rights under the GDPR, which this Policy and Our use of personal data have been designed to uphold:
The right to be informed about our collection and use of personal data;
The right of access to the personal data We hold about
The right to rectification if any personal data we hold about you is inaccurate or incomplete
The right to be forgotten – i.e. the right to ask Us to delete any personal data we hold about you.
The right to restrict (i.e. prevent) the processing of your personal data;
The right to data portability (obtaining a copy of your personal data to re-use with another service or organisation);
The right to object to Us using your personal data for particular purposes; and
Rights with respect to automated decision making and profiling.
B. Data Access
You have the right to ask for a copy of any of your personal data held by us (where such data is held). Under the GDPR, no fee is payable and we will provide any and all information in response to your request free of charge.Please contact us for more details at DataProtectionEMEA@stayinfront.com
C. Marketing
With your permission and/or where permitted by law, We may also use your data for marketing purposes which may include contacting you by email or telephone with information, news and offers on our products or services.  We will not, however, send you any unsolicited marketing or spam and will take all reasonable steps to ensure that We fully protect your rights and comply with Our obligations under the GDPR law.
StayinFront UK uses MailChimp email deployment services to deliver information. Statistics, including delivery of email, opens and clicks, are gathered using industry standard technologies to help us monitor and improve our emails. For more information, please see MailChimp’s Privacy Policy You can unsubscribe to general mailings or manage preferences at any time by clicking the unsubscribe or manage preference links at the bottom of our emails or by contacting us.
StayinFront does not sell, rent or otherwise transmit personal information to other organizations.
D. Data Retention
We retain a record of your personal information in order to provide you with a high quality and consistent service. We will always retain your personal information in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and never retain your information for longer than is necessary.
E. Data Storage
Your data will be stored on our server in the UK.  Data security is of great importance to us  and to protect your data we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure your collected data. Only designated employees who need to carry out legitimate business functions are permitted to view your personal data outside of the UK.
We take security measures to protect your information including:
Limiting access to our buildings to those that we believe are entitled to be there (by use of passes, key card access and other related technologies);
Implementing access controls to our information technology
We use appropriate procedures and technical security measures to safeguard your information across all our computer systems, networks, websites, mobile apps, offices and stores.
For more information about your privacy rights
The Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) regulates data protection and privacy matters in the UK. They make a lot of information accessible to consumers on their website and they ensure that the registered details of all data controllers such as ourselves are available publicly. You can access them here https://ico.org.uk/for-the-public.