https://www.myrro.com/memberties/privacy.php
"Actual, human, responsive, knowledgeable English-language support."
Home/Overview
Program Features
Download
Standard Version
Professional Version
Report Viewer
Purchase
All Products
New Licenses
License Renewals
Additional Seats
Database Hosting
Miscellaneous Info
Feature Comparison
Screen Shots
User Comments
Customizations
Common Questions
Privacy Statement
Support/Contact
Help System
Email and Phone
Mailing List
Your IP Address
72.182.10.230
Privacy Statement
Effective: May 25th, 2018
The following information describes how Myrro International collects and uses data with regard to the various services we offer,
or the use of features on our websites, with regard to your personal information. Not all topics below will apply to all customers.
Contact Information and Data Protection Officer
Myrro International
104 Brookeridge Dr #320
Waterloo IA 50702
+1 319-493-7111 (Central Standard Time, GMT -06:00)
European Union or EEA Member States
We have appointed a Data Protection Officer who is responsible for overseeing questions about this privacy notice. If you have any questions about this privacy notice, including any requests to exercise your legal rights, please contact our Data Protection Officer using the details set out below.
Data Protection Officer
+1 319-493-7111
Information Collection and Use
Database Hosting
The following information applies when your database is hosted on our database servers and accessed via a remote connection from your own computer(s).
IP Address and User Name
The database server establishes connections via IP address; therefore, the IP address of the computer used to connect to the database server will appear in our server access logs. No IP address information is publicly viewable, available, or distributed in any way.
In order to establish a connection to the database server, you will be issued a special username and password.
This username enables you to connect to your specific datatabase server. We will be able to tell when this username is connected to the database server, but we will not know what internal MemberTies user account (what you enter on the Login window) is being used or what you are doing within the database.
Data Access
If you choose to provide a copy of your database for us to load on the server (i.e., rather than starting with a new database) we may make one connection via MemberTies after setup is complete to verify that the the database/server username/password works correctly and that a remote connection can be made. This connection is limited to using the Login window to log in to the system and verifying that the Membership List displays. If you would prefer that this step is not taken, you can request that we do not perform this check.
Subsequent access to your data by our staff is limited to verifying when the last connection was made. This is done for statistical purposes, to help us determine server load and need. We do not run queries against any MemberTies data tables that could reveal member information, or make any connection via MemberTies without your permission.
We never distribute any information, database, or content of any sort to any person or entity. If needed, a copy of the database or backup will only be provided to the contact person of record on your account.
The database server and facility has physical, digital, and biometric security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse, and unauthorized access of the information in your database. While these measures are in place and very effective, please be aware that nothing is 100% secure and we do not claim it to be so. It is incumbant upon you to ensure that your unique server username and password are protected, and that you contact us immediately for replacement if you believe them to be comprimised.
We can shut down your database at any time if you feel it is necessary.
Cookies
No cookies of any kind used.
Website
Data Entered on Forms
If you use the website to purchase a software license or other product, no credit card information is stored or revealed to us.
Payments are processed through a secure gateway to our credit card payment processor and we receive notice only of the order and products purchased, not the credit card number data itself.
IP Address
Your current IP address is displayed on the homepage of the website. This address is not specifically collected or stored, and is primarily displayed for use by customers who are trying to set up database hosting profiles and need to know what their public IP address is. Note that your IP address will appear in webserver logs and is used only for statistical purposes (how much traffic are we getting from one country or another).
General Database Support
Myrro International may request a backup copy of your database in order to diagnose an issue, or to provide some sort of data service
(conversion, import, mass-update, etc). Any database brought in-house is restored only to the system where the analysis or work will be performed. Once the work is
completed, the database is backed-up and returned for you to restore. Following verification from you that the work is complete, our
copy of the database is destroyed. Note that we may need to start MemberTies to verify that everything is working properly.
E-mail lists
Myrro International maintains an e-mail list to inform users of new releases. Individuals may opt-out of these communications at any time. The email address used on order forms is automatically the address used for future communications.
We do not sell, rent, loan, trade, or lease the addresses on our lists to anyone.
Membership in any list can be revoked at any time, at the discretion of Myrro International staff.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, or your dealings with Myrro International see contact information on this website here.
Your Rights Regarding Your Information
We try to ensure that all individuals are provided the rights mandated by their country's laws. Not all of the rights in this Privace Notice will apply to each individual customer and may not apply to you.
You may request a copy of the contact information we have on file for you at any time.
You may request that your contact information be deleted at any time. This does not include the name of organization (Licensee) if the organization has a license for the software, because we need to record the organization that owns each issued software license. i.e., we can remove an individual's contact name and email address from an organization's record, but for a license to exist, we need to know the name of the organization that owns the license.
Information Security
The security of your personal data is important to us. We make reasonable efforts to secure and protect the privacy, accuracy, and reliability of your information and to protect it from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. We implement security measures as we deem appropriate and consistent with industry standards. As no data security protocol is impenetrable, we cannot guarantee the security of our systems or databases, nor can we guarantee that personal data we collect about you will not be breached, intercepted, destroyed, accessed, or otherwise disclosed without authorization. Accordingly, any information you provide is provided at your own risk.
Please do your part to help us keep your information secure. Your database information is protected by a password. It is important that you protect against unauthorized access to your data by choosing your password carefully and by keeping your password and computer secure, such as by signing out after using our software. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password(s), and are fully responsible for all activities that occur under your password. With regard to database hosting, we specifically reserve the right to terminate your access to our hosting server and any contract you have with us related to the hosting service in the event we learn or suspect you have disclosed your server password information to an unauthorized third party.
Changes to this Privace Notice
We may modify this Privacy Statement from time to time. The most current version will govern our use of your information and will be located here. We will notify you of any material changes to this policy by emailing you at the email address associated with your account, if applicable, and provide an overview of any changes.