http://www.freeimages.co.uk/terms.htm
Terms of Use
menu
Home
Gallery
About
Terms of Use
Updates
Contact
Support
image search
Using free images is simple, images are provided free of charge with an attribution license
3 Easy Steps to use a FreeImage
Locate and Download the freeimage you want.
Credit us as the source of the image when you use it.
Join the Mailing List if you are not already a member.
See the detailed terms of use below
More Information
How to link / credit
FAQ
Freeimages Use Agreement
By downloading,
storing or using any material from this site you are accepting the following
license :-
1) You,
as user of any images contained on this site, accept any and all liability arising
from such use, no guarantee or warranty is made for image serviceability or site access and availability.
2) You
may download and store only the images you plan to use as materials for the
creation of a project, website or publication. You may not archive images other
than those used in such a project, website or publication. Downloading
or archiving the entire collection or substantial part of it is prohibited.
3) You
must not redistribute the images in anyway designed for reuse. You must not
offer for sale or sub-license these images (or a collection of) without our
express permission.
4) A link (or textural credit in non-web applications) to this site is required
where an image is used. Acceptable credits include 'image: www.freeimages.co.uk' or a hyperlink to the URL 'http://www.freeimages.co.uk'.
The credit shall be located in a suitably readable font on the same page as
the image; Alternatively you may credit 'size-isnt-everything.co.uk'
if
you prefer. See Link
to Us for banners, buttons and more information on linking from a website. View an example of how to link here
4a) When images
are used in printed material or non internet-connected electronic media, a credit
is needed on each page
(or a facing page) where
an image is used. The credit can either be at the bottom of the page or near
the image i.e. in a caption. Many designers find the credit is less intrusive
when it is printed sideways or at the edge of the page near the gutter.
4b) Images may
also be used in other forms of digital and video media (games, demos,
presentations,
interactive systems, youtube videos, films etc.) a credit must be
presented either when the image is displayed,
with other credits at
the start or the end of the presentation/film or on a 'welcome screen'.
4c) Where images
are used in online banners the credit link may be included on the page where
the user who clicks the banner is taken to. This page will be the final destination
page of the banner link and not any auto-forwarded or unseen page which the
browser may passes through while displaying the final banner destination page.
4d) Where images
have been contributed by other site users in our live galleries (freeimageslive.co.uk), the credit shall include the contributors name. Details of this are listed on each image page where this term is applicable.
5) Freeimages
reserves the right to change these conditions at any time without notice. Changes
will be published here and also sent to our free mailing list members.
6) You
are free to edit the images in anyway you want, crop, re-size, perform any operation
you want... enjoy! With reference to term 7, the use of images featuring trademarks,
recognisable copyright designs etc. should be used in accordance with trademark
and copyright law (this definitely excludes using trademarks in any form of
advertising!). Images are supplied without model or property releases.
7) Some
of the images featured on this site contain recognisable persons, trademarks, designs and logos from
other entities, freeimages is in no way connected to these entities, all trademarks,
designs and logos remain the property of their respective owners. Users wishing
to use these images should seek permission from the relevant trademark holder
before use. You should assume that model releases are unavalable for images found on this site. More about Intellectual
Property
8) This term no longer applies
9) Users
of 'freeimages' are required to join the register
as a member of the freeimages update mailing list so that they can be kept informed of changes in these terms. It
is the users responsibility to re-subscribe/amend their details if they change
e-mail address. Subscription is completely free and protected by our privacy
policy, we do not spam, sell or redistribute your personal details.
10) This term only applies to sites which hotlink to our images: (i.e. you
access images direct from our servers on your site choosing not to host
the image yourself). Where "cut and paste code" is provided this is
designed to benefit simple low use websites and forum users who are
unable to self host images. If you hotlink to images on our servers we
operate an acceptable use limit of a peak of 10,000 image impressions
per day. Excessive use of images from our server e.g. 'leeching' or hot
linking to images from a very popular website (more than 1/4 million
image impressions per month) may result in us blocking access from your
domain. We make no warranty or guarantee for the availability of this service
Glossary
Redistribution: Distributing our images with the intent that the photo be reused by the receiver as a stock image.
Examples of Acceptable Use: (Publication)
Unacceptable Use: (Redistribution)
Selling prints of images with the required attribution.
Uploading images to a photo sharing or stock photo site
Including versions of the image in a presentation slideshow distributed via CD
Selling Images as digital downloads
Printing the images in a magazine and distributing that magazine to 10,000 people.
Giving them away at full resolution as a collection of images on a CD
Privacy Statement
Freeimages respects your privacy
Our site sometimes uses google as a
3rd-party ad vendor, google uses cookies to serve ads on this site,
their use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to you based on
your visits to this and other sites on the internet.
You can opt out of DART cookie tracking on this and other sites here.
Mailing List "Site Members" - Visitors who choose
to join the mailing list submit their e-mail address. This address will only
be used in conjunction with this site. Any submitted e-mail address will not
be sold or redistributed. Mailing List members may also optionally submit their
salutation : first name : last name and interest preferences. This information will
only be used in conjunction with this site. Name/or Location information of list
members will not be sold or redistributed.
Featured Categories
We regularly add fresh new images to our collection, he's some of the subject catagories we like the best:
Education
Office 2
Relaxation
Celebrating 20 Years
Useful and Usable Stock Photography reliably delivered for the last 20 years. To celebrate the occasion we put to together a new collection of party and celebration themed images
View our Birthday Image Collection