http://www.webquarry.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy - Webquarry
Support System
support@staff.webquarry.com
Home
Services
Web Hosting
Shared Hosting
Reseller Hosting
Domain Registration
SEO Services
Website Design
Website Portfolio
Support
Blog
Contact
Client Login
Select Page
What this policy covers
DPE, Inc. (“DPE”) respects and values your privacy. That’s why DPE has established this Privacy Policy (referred to as the “Privacy Policy” herein) – so that DPE can disclose what information DPE collects about you and how DPE uses, stores and discloses such information. DPE wants to help you make an informed decision about whether or not to share your information with us.
How does DPE collect information from you?
What information does DPE collect?
What information does DPE collect if you’re under the age of 13?
How does DPE use and store the information it collects?
Where is your Personal Information stored?
How does DPE disclose the Personal Information it collects?
Does DPE use cookies and web beacons?
Information and access to your Personal Information
What if you have questions, comments or complaints about this Privacy Policy?
DPE reserves the right to revise, modify, add or remove provisions to this Privacy Policy at any time. In the event that DPE do so, DPE will notify you in accordance with the notice provisions of DPE’ Terms of Service. Take note of the ‘Last Updated’ date listed at the foot of this Privacy Policy. If DPE make changes to this Privacy Policy, DPE will update that date to notify you of the date of such changes. By continuing to use www.webquarry.com (“the Website”) after receiving notice of the updated Privacy Policy, you acknowledge that you have read and understand the revised Privacy Policy.
Capitalised terms in this Privacy Policy have the meaning given to such terms in DPE’s Terms of Service.
How does DPE collect information from you?
DPE collects information from you when you send it to DPE directly by filling out forms on DPE’s Website (including any application you may make for Services, trouble tickets etc.), corresponding with DPE by e-mail, writing to DPE by post, or speaking to DPE by telephone. DPE also collect information from you when you browse the Website and use the Software, as set out in detail below. Some of the methods DPE use to collect data are automated and will take effect automatically as you navigate the Website and/or use the Software.
What information does DPE collect?
Personal Information.
Personal information means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person; an identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person (“Personal Information”).
DPE may collect the following Personal Information from you: name, address, telephone number, postal address, e-mail address, IP address, information about the type of browser you use, your operating system, the screen resolution of your browser, your ISP, which pages you view on the Website and the time and duration of your visits to the Website, credit card number (in the case of direct customers) and, if applicable, company name, postal address, telephone number, e-mail address, credit card number or tax ID number as well as similar information concerning technical contacts, marketing contacts, and executive contacts within your company or organisation.
User Communications.
If you communicate with DPE, DPE may collect information relating to that communication whether it takes the form of e-mail, letter, forum posting, testimonials or any other form of communication between you and DPE or submitted by you to the Website (collectively, “User Communications”).
Non-Personal Information.
DPE also collect data in a form that does not, on its own, permit direct association with any specific individual. DPE may collect, use, transfer, and disclose non-personal information for any purpose.
What information does DPE collect if you’re under the age of 13?
DPE does not knowingly collect Personal Information about children under the age of 13. If DPE becomes aware that it has inadvertently collected Personal Information about children under the age of 13, it will take steps to delete the information as soon as possible, except where DPE is required by applicable law to keep it.
Where DPE knows a child is above the age of 13, but considered a minor under applicable law, DPE will obtain parental/guardian consent prior to using that child’s Personal Information.
How does DPE use and store the information it collects?
As a general matter, DPE may use the Personal Information you disclose to DPE to improve and provide the Website, the Services and DPE’s other products and services, and for the specific purpose that you gave DPE your Personal Information. More specific details on how DPE uses your information follows below.
DPE may use Personal Information to create and authenticate your account, to process transactions you request such as web hosting account purchases in order to perform any contract you have entered into with DPE, to provide you with customer and technical support and to communicate with you about your account and DPE’s products and services.
The Personal Information you provide to DPE allows DPE to provide you with the newsletters and mailing lists that you have signed up for with DPE. If you do not want to be on DPE’s mailing list, you can opt out at any time by changing your settings in your ‘My Details’ page within the client area.
DPE may also use Personal Information to offer, market or advertise to you DPE products and services. While such DPE products and services may reference, incorporate or include third-party products and services, DPE will not use your Personal Information to independently offer, market or advertise third-party products and services unless DPE first obtain your consent to do so.
From time to time, DPE may use your Personal Information to send important notices, such as important product updates and communications about purchases as well as changes to DPE’s terms, conditions, and policies. Because this information is important for your interaction with DPE you may not opt out of receiving these communications.
DPE may also use your Personal Information for any other legal purpose stated in this Privacy Policy, and any other purpose for which you have given DPE express consent.
Where you consent to DPE doing so, DPE may use your Personal Information to send you direct marketing communications. Should you ever choose to ‘opt out’ of receiving such communications DPE may retain your Personal Information on file to ensure that DPE do not continue to target you with communications of the type that you have asked DPE to cease sending to you.
DPE limits the use of Personal Information to the purposes identified in this Privacy Policy and for which you have provided explicit consent. In accordance with established policies and procedures, DPE retains Personal Information only for as long as necessary to fulfil the stated purposes, unless it is required by law for a different period or DPE has the consent of the individual.
In accordance with established policies and procedures, DPE will periodically destroy or erase any Personal Information that is no longer needed.
DPE may use User Communications in the same way as DPE uses Personal Information. If you communicate with DPE for a particular purpose, DPE may use your User Communications for that purpose. For example, if you contact DPE for technical support, DPE may use your communications to provide technical support to you.
Where is your Personal Information stored?
DPE IS A GLOBAL COMPANY AND YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION WILL NOT NECESSARILY BE HELD IN THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA (“EEA”). YOUR PERONAL DATA MAY BE TRANSFERRED TO AND STORED AT OUR US OFFICE AND ASSOCIATED DATACENTERS AND BY ACCEPTING OUR TERMS OF SERVICE AND/OR A SOFTWARE EULA, YOU ARE EXPLICITLY CONSENTING TO THIS TRANSFER AND STORAGE TAKING PLACE. WE WILL TAKE ALL STEPS REASONABLY NECESSARY TO ENSURE THAT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION IS TREATED SECURELY AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS PRIVACY POLICY.
How does DPE disclose the Personal Information it collects?
Except as disclosed in this Privacy Policy, DPE does not share your Personal Information with unaffiliated third parties other than as set out in this Privacy Policy. DPE will never disclose your Personal Information to an unaffiliated third party for the purposes of e-mail or other marketing unless DPE first obtains your consent to do so.
DPE cannot be responsible for protecting your Personal Information if you share such information in publicly available sections of the Website such as the user forums or testimonials section. You should use your own judgment in disclosing this information on the Website.
In the event that DPE is purchased by another company, merges with another company or has a substantial portion of its assets purchased by another company, DPE may share your Personal Information with that company. In such an event, DPE will notify you in accordance with the notice provisions of the Terms of Use.
DPE may share your Personal Information with third parties as permitted or required by applicable law, by a court order or by another judicial or governmental request. DPE may also disclose your Personal Information if DPE determines that such disclosure is necessary to protect DPE’s rights and remedies or is necessary for national security, law enforcement, or other issues of public importance. Such disclosures could take place in the context of an investigation or to prevent or take action against illegal activity, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of DPE’s Terms of Service, applicable EULAs or other DPE agreements, or as otherwise required by applicable law. Where this is the case DPE will endeavour to give you notice of such disclosures, to the extent that DPE are lawfully permitted to do so.
DPE may disclose your Personal Information to affiliated third parties that assist DPE in providing maintaining, evaluating, improving and providing the Website, the Services and any other DPE products and services. DPE may disclose your Personal Information to affiliated third parties for the purposes of offering, marketing or advertising DPE products and services to you (such DPE products and services may reference, incorporate or include third-party products and services). In such an event, DPE will take reasonable measures to prevent such affiliated third parties from using your Personal Information for other purposes.
Does DPE use cookies and web beacons?
Cookies
Yes, DPE uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of the Website and to improve your overall experience. When you use the Website, certain information may be stored locally on your device using ‘cookies’ or similar technologies such as objects stored in the device’s local storage. A cookie is a small text file used to store limited information about the user of the device. They help DPE to identify how DPE’s users use the Website, and so that DPE can continue to develop and improve it.
Cookies do this by storing information about your preferences on your device, including the device model, manufacturer, screen resolution, device capabilities, service provider, country and city location data. DPE uses the following types of cookies:
Strictly necessary: These cookies enable DPE’s Website to function correctly and deliver the services and products you have requested.
Performance & Functionality: These cookies are used to enhance the performance and functionality of DPE’s Website but are non-essential to their use (for example, DPE uses cookies to remember your preferences on the Website). However, without these cookies, certain functionality may become unavailable.
Analytical: These cookies collect information that is used either in aggregate form to help DPE understand how the Website is being used or to help DPE customise the Website for you. In particular DPE use the Google analytics cookies. For more information about Google’s privacy policy, please visit http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/. If you do not wish to allow the use of Google Analytics cookies at all, Google provides an opt-out plug-in for most common website browsers http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
By using the Service, you accept the use of cookies in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Your cookie choices
You have the right to choose whether to accept or refuse cookies and similar technologies. You can exercise this choice by not accepting the Terms of Service and this Privacy Policy, however, please note that if you choose to do so, you will not be able to use the Service.
For more information about what cookies are and your rights to control cookies, please visit the third party educational resource www.allaboutcookies.org.
Web beacons
DPE does not use currently web beacons.  This does not mean that services, products and plugins provided by third parties will not use web beacons.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
How does DPE protect Personal Information and other information about you?
DPE takes reasonable steps to protect any Personal Information DPE collects about you. Additionally, DPE may supply you with tools to evaluate the strength of the password you select for the Website. No security measures are foolproof, and DPE cannot guarantee the security of your information other than to take reasonable steps to protect it. In the event that DPE becomes aware of a security breach, unauthorised disclosure or inadvertent disclosure concerning your information, you agree that DPE may notify you of such an event using the notice provisions of the Terms of Use.
You are responsible for maintaining your account’s security (as more specifically explained in the Terms of Service).
Information and access to your Personal Information
Based on what you have told DPE, DPE will try to ensure that your contact information and preferences are accurate, complete, and up to date. You have the right to request access to and rectification or erasure of Personal Information or restriction of processing concerning your Personal Information or to object to processing as well as the right to data portability. DPE will comply with erasure requests as long as DPE is not required to retain the Personal Information by law and does not need to retain it for its legitimate business purposes. DPE may decline to process requests that are frivolous/vexatious, jeopardise the privacy of others, are extremely impractical, or for which access is not otherwise required by local law. Access, correction, or deletion requests can be made by emailing support@staff.webquarry.com.
Your Rights
As a Data Subject you have a number of rights in relation to your Personal Information. These include your rights:
To ask DPE to confirm what (if any) Personal Information DPE hold relating to you and how that data is processed and used by DPE (often referred to as a ‘Subject Access Request’);
To have DPE rectify Personal Information which DPE holds about you that is inaccurate;
To have DPE erase Personal Information which relates to you if it is no longer necessary for DPE to continue to process it, or if DPE have no lawful basis to store, process or retain it (though DPE do have rights to refuse these requests in certain situations);
To object to DPE processing your Personal Information;
To be informed about the existence of any automated decision making and profiling of your Personal Information, and where appropriate, be provided with meaningful information about the logic involved, as well as the significance and the envisaged consequences of such processing that affects you;
To have DPE provide you with a copy of your Personal Information for transfer to an alternative provider of similar services.
Should you ever wish to exercise one or more of these rights you should contact DPE at support@staff.webquarry.com.
Third party websites
DPE’s Website may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of DPE’s partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that DPE does not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any Personal Information to these websites.
What if you have questions, comments or complaints about this Privacy Policy?
Please feel free to direct any questions, comments or complaints regarding this Privacy Policy to support@staff.webquarry.com. It is DPE’s policy to investigate and attempt to resolve all formal written complaints DPE receive concerning this Privacy Policy. DPE will cooperate with appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of personal data that cannot be resolved between DPE and an individual.
With effect from 25 May 2018, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) enters force. Your rights under that new regulation are explained at https://ico.org.uk/for-organisations/data-protection-reform/overview-of-the-gdpr/. Details of how you can exercise those rights are set out in ‘Your Rights’. DPE has largely factored GDPR into this Privacy Policy but if you think DPE has failed to do so in any way, please notify DPE at support@staff.webquarry.com.
Contact Us Webquarry.com
Address:
PO Box 5403
Concord, CA
94520
Support:
Tickets / Phone
Send us a message
Quick Links: FAQs
Open A Support Ticket
Hosting Accounts
Domain Registration
Terms Of Service
Privacy Policy
Newsletter Signup
First Name:
Last Name:
Email address:
Form Action:
Subscribe
Unsubscribe
Leave this field empty if you're human:
Copyright DPE, Inc. 1997-2020
What is meant by Unmetered Bandwidth?
“Unmetered Bandwidth” explained
Bandwidth is “Unmetered” which means you are not charged according to the amount of bandwidth you use.  We will not artificially clamp down on you for the bandwidth that you use.  That being said, bandwidth is a shared resource and our Terms of Service require that all shared resources are treated in a proper fashion.  We will not allow one client’s activity to negatively impact another client.
Is it possible to use too much?
If there is an issue concerning your account’s bandwidth or disk space utilization, you will receive an email from us explaining the situation and asking you to reduce usage.
It is exceedingly rare for a customer who is managing a personal or small business website to exceed our usage policies under normal circumstances.  Compromised websites are the most likely culprit for over consumption of resources.
×
Disk Space and Bandwidth
How much disk space and bandwidth will my plan include?
Hosting accounts come with the listed amount of disk space.  We do have “soft limits” in place to prevent an account from filling up with abandoned email or other junk files.  Those soft limits will be raised if we see that your usage is within our Terms of Service.
Bandwidth is “Unmetered” which means you are not charged according to the amount of bandwidth you use.
We do require all customers to be fully compliant with our Terms of Service and to only utilize disk space and bandwidth in the normal operation of a personal or small business website.  Disk space and Bandwidth on shared servers are a shared resource and any client that is found to monopolizing those resources will be asked to remedy the situation so that other clients son the machine do not suffer.
Is it possible to use too much?
If there is an issue concerning your account’s bandwidth or disk space utilization, you will receive an email from us explaining the situation and asking you to reduce usage.
It is exceedingly rare for a customer who is managing a personal or small business website to exceed our usage policies under normal circumstances.  Compromised websites are the most likely culprit for over consumption of resources.
×