https://www.hipaavault.com/secure-cloud-provider/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Effective: August 29, 2019
BY VISITING WWW.HIPAAVAULT.COM, YOU ARE CONSENTING TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY.
OVERVIEW
Etica Inc. d/b/a HIPAA Vault is committed to protecting your privacy online. For this reason, we collect and use personal data only as it might be needed for us to deliver to you our products, services, websites and applications (collectively, our “Services”) This Privacy Policy describes the personal information we collect through this website at www.HIPAAvault.com (the “Site”), and how we collect and use that information.
The terms “we,” “us,” and “our” refers to HIPAA Vault. The terms “user,” “you,” and “your” refer to site visitors, customers, and any other users of the site.
The term “personal information” is defined as information that you voluntarily provide to us that personally identifies you and/or your contact information, such as your name, phone number, and email address.
Use of HIPAA Vault, including all materials presented herein and all online services provided by HIPAA Vault, is subject to the following Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy applies to all site visitors, customers, and all other users of the site. By using the Site or Service, you agree to this Privacy Policy, without modification, and acknowledge reading it.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
This Site only collects the personal information you voluntarily provide to us, which may include:
First Name
Last Name
E-mail Address
Phone Number
The information you provide is used to process transactions, send periodic emails, and improve the service we provide. We do share your information with trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business and servicing clients and visitors. These trusted third parties agree to keep this information confidential. Your personal information will never be shared with unrelated third parties.
Except as otherwise stated in this Privacy Policy, we do not sell, trade, rent or otherwise share for marketing purposes your Personal Information with third parties without your consent. We do share Personal Information with vendors who are performing services for the Company, such as the servers for our email communications who are provided access to user’s email address for purposes of sending emails from us. Those vendors use your Personal Information only at our direction and in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
In general, the Personal Information you provide to us is used to help us communicate with you. For example, we use Personal Information to contact users in response to questions, solicit feedback from users, provide technical support, and inform users about promotional offers.
We may share Personal Information with outside parties if we have a good-faith belief that access, use, preservation or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to meet any applicable legal process or enforceable governmental request; to enforce applicable Terms of
Service, including investigation of potential violations; address fraud, security or technical concerns; or to protect against harm to the rights, property, or safety of our users or the public as required or permitted by law.
ACTIVITY
We may record information relating to your use of the Site, such as the searches you undertake, the pages you view, your browser type, IP address, requested URL, referring URL, and timestamp information. We use this type of information to administer the Site and provide the
highest possible level of service to you. We also use this information in the aggregate to perform statistical analyses of user behavior and characteristics in order to measure interest in and use of the various areas of the Site.
COOKIES
We may send cookies to your computer in order to uniquely identify your browser and improve the quality of our service. The term “cookies” refers to small pieces of information that a website sends to your computer’s hard drive while you are viewing the Site. We may use both session cookies (which expire once you close your browser) and persistent cookies (which stay on your computer until you delete them). You have the ability to accept or decline cookies using your web browser settings. If you choose to disable cookies, some areas of the Site may not work properly or at all. The Site does not respond to Do Not Track signals sent by your browser.
THIRD PARTY LINKS
The Site may contain links to third party websites. Except as otherwise discussed in this Privacy Policy, this document only addresses the use and disclosure of information we collect from you on our Site. Other sites accessible through our site via links or otherwise have their own policies in regard to privacy. We are not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of third parties.
SECURITY
We maintain security measures to protect your personal information from unauthorized access, misuse, or disclosure. However, no exchange of data over the Internet can be guaranteed as 100% secure. While we make every effort to protect your personal information shared with us
through our Site, you acknowledge that the personal information you voluntarily share with us through this Site could be accessed or tampered with by a third party. You agree that we are not responsible for any intercepted information shared through our Site without our knowledge or permission. Additionally, you release us from any and all claims arising out of or related to the use of such intercepted information in any unauthorized manner.
CHILDREN
The Site and the Service are not directed to anyone under the age of 13. The Site does not knowingly collect or solicit information from anyone under the age of 13, or allow anyone under the age of 13 to sign up for the Service. In the event that we learn that we have gathered
personal information from anyone under the age of 13 without the consent of a parent or guardian, we will delete that information as soon as possible. If you believe we have collected such information, please contact us at compliance@hipaavault.com.
UPDATING YOUR INFORMATION
You may access and correct your personal information and privacy preferences by contacting us via email at compliance@hipaavault.com.
EU-US Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-US Privacy Shield Framework:
Etica Inc. d/b/a HIPAA Vault complies with the EU-US Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss- US Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the US Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information from European Union member countries, the United Kingdom and Switzerland transferred to the United States pursuant to Privacy Shield. HIPAA Vault has certified that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles with respect to such data. If there is any conflict between the policies in this privacy policy and data subject rights under the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification page, please visit https://www.privacyshield.gov/
With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the Privacy Shield Frameworks, HIPAA Vault is subject to the regulatory and enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission.
Pursuant to the Privacy Shield Frameworks, EU, United Kingdom, and Swiss individuals have the right to obtain our confirmation of whether we maintain personal information relating to you in the United States. Upon request, we will provide you with access to the personal information that we hold about you. You may also correct, amend, or delete the personal information we hold about you. An individual who seeks access, or who seeks to correct, amend, or delete inaccurate data transferred to the United States under Privacy Shield, should direct their query to compliance@hipaavault.com. If requested to remove data, we will respond within a reasonable time frame.
We will provide an individual opt-out choice, or opt-in for sensitive data, before we share your data with third parties other than our agents, or before we use it for a purpose other than which it was originally collected or subsequently authorized. To request to limit the use and disclosure of your personal information, please submit a written request to compliance@hipaavault.com.
In certain situations, we may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
HIPAA Vault’s accountability for personal data that it receives in the United States under the Privacy Shield and subsequently transfers to a third party is described in the Privacy Shield Principles. In particular, HIPAA Vault remains responsible and liable under the Privacy Shield
Principles if third-party agents that it engages to process personal data on its behalf do so in a manner inconsistent with the Principles, unless HIPAA Vault proves that it is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
In compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles, HIPAA Vault commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information transferred to the United States pursuant to Privacy Shield. European Union, United Kingdom and Swiss individuals with Privacy Shield inquiries or complaints should first contact HIPAA Vault at: compliance@hipaavault.com.
HIPAA Vault has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the Privacy Shield Principles to an independent dispute resolution mechanism, the BBB EU PRIVACY SHIELD. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint, or if your complaint is
not satisfactorily addressed, please visit www.bbb.org/EU-privacy-shield/for-eu-consumers for more information and to file a complaint. This service is provided free of charge to you.
If your Privacy Shield complaint cannot be resolved through the above channels, under certain conditions, you may invoke binding arbitration for some residual claims not resolved by other redress mechanisms. See Privacy Shield Annex 1 at https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=ANNEX-I-introduction
If your complaint involves human resources data transferred to the United States from the EU and/or Switzerland, and United Kingdom in the context of the employment relationship, and HIPAA Vault does not address it satisfactorily, HIPAA Vault commits to cooperate with the panel established by the EU data protection authorities (DPA Panel) and/or the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner, as applicable and to comply with the advice given by the DPA panel and/or Commissioner, as applicable with regard to such human resources data. To pursue an unresolved human resources complaint, you should contact the state or national data protection or labor authority in the appropriate jurisdiction. Complaints related to human resources data should not be addressed to the BBB EU PRIVACY SHIELD. Contact details for the EU data protection authorities can be found at http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/bodies/authorities/index_en.htm
CHANGES TO THIS POLICY
You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this Site and this Policy periodically and to be aware of any modifications. We will notify you of any changes to this privacy policy by posting those changes on this page.
CONTACT
If you have questions about our privacy policy, please email us at compliance@hipaavault.com
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
https://www.hipaavault.com
HIPAA Vault Privacy Matters
Attn: Compliance Manager
334 Via Vera Cruz Ste 203
San Marcos, CA 92078
U.S.A.
E-mail: compliance@hipaavault.com
Phone: (760) 798-3030
Updated: August 2019
Our certifications
Previous
Next