http://www.photojunction.com/online-privacy-policy
Cookies are required.
This site requires Cookies enabled to function correctly.
Please enable Cookies in your browser.
Join us for Queensberry's 12 Days of Giveaways. Click here to enter — good luck!
Go to Workspace
LOGIN REGISTER
Albums
Page Types
Cover Materials
Cover Styles
Sizes
Print Options — Books & Albums
Album Packaging
Getting Started
Album Extras
Books
Boxes
Prints & Wall Art
Workspace
Doing Business
Service Times
Samples & Sales Tools
Our Services
Everyday Benefits
Marketing Hub
Downloads
About
About
Sustainability
Made By Hand
Cultural Sensitivities
Confidentiality
Blog
HELP
Contact Us
Help Centre
Online Privacy Policy
Online Privacy Policy
By using this Queensberry Web site, you agree to the terms of Queensberry's Online Privacy Policy, as outlined below. If you do not agree to these terms, please do not use this site.
Collection of Personal Information
At times, for example when you order products, request information, request access to restricted pages, download files, or respond to promotions from this web site, Queensberry may ask you to voluntarily provide certain information about yourself by filling out and submitting an online form. This information may include your name, mailing address, email address and other personal identifying information.
Queensberry recognises and appreciates the importance of responsible use of this information. We collect it in order to record and support your participation in the programs you select. For example, if you request information from us the information you supply is used to verify your profile and transmit the information you asked for. If you respond to a promotion, information is collected to qualify your entry and contact you regarding the contest or prizes as appropriate. If you order a product, the information is used to verify your identity and address, provide support, obtain payment and deliver those items in accordance with our Terms of Trade.
Queensberry may also use the information you provide to send you newsletters, special offers or updates about Queensberry products and services. If you do not want the information you provide to be used for this purpose, and you indicate this preference when you provide it, Queensberry will respect your wishes. However, if you are an active customer, we will continue to send you essential customer service bulletins that directly affect you.
Because we operate internationally, the information you supply may be sent to our business units, agents and representatives in other countries, including, but without limitation to, Australia, Canada, New Zealand, the United Kingdom and the United States. However, we do not share information about you with any third parties except as provided for under our Terms of Trade, which authorise us to supply and disclose appropriate information relating to defaulting Customers in order to obtain payment.
Queensberry is fully committed to data security. To prevent unauthorised access and maintain accuracy, we have put in place procedures to safeguard and secure the information you provide. However, while we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of the information you transmit to us.
Please note that Queensberry is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of third-party web sites to which this or any other Queensberry web site may link or be linked from time to time.
Use of Cookies
When you visit this web site, you can surf the site anonymously and access important information about Queensberry products and services without revealing your identity. In order to improve the site, we use "cookies" to track your visit. A cookie is small amount of data that is transferred to your browser by a web server and can only be read by the server that gave it to you. It functions as your identification card, recording your passwords, purchases, and preferences. It cannot be executed as code or deliver viruses.
Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether or not to accept it. (For some web pages that require an authorisation, cookies are not optional. Users choosing not to accept cookies will probably not be able to access those pages.)
While Queensberry uses cookies to track your visit, and our web servers automatically log the IP/Internet address of your computer, this information does not identify you personally and you remain anonymous unless you have otherwise provided Queensberry with personal information.
Updating Your Personal Information
You have the right to access and correct your personal information and privacy preferences by writing to us at
Queensberry Attn: Customer Services PO Box 20-314 Glen Eden Auckland 1007 NEW ZEALAND
Please include your name, address, and/or email address when you contact us.
Stay Connected
Email: info@queensberry.com
Free Phone Numbers
Customer Support
Contact Us
Help Centre
Terms and Conditions
Blog
Queensberry
Register
Login
Who we are
Sustainability
Workspace
Copyright © Queensberry Ltd 2020.  All Right Reserved.   Terms and Conditions     Online Privacy Policy     Photography Credits
Site powered by Queensberry