https://www.windhill.com/terms-conditions/
Phone: 603-581-2675 | Email: info@windhill.com
Hit enter to search or ESC to close
Terms and ConditionsThe following terms of service (these “Terms of Service” or this “Agreement”) govern the provision by Windhill Design LLC to the customer executing this transaction (“Customer”), of the products and services described at www.windhill.com and provided and paid for by Customer the (“Products and Services”). These Terms of Service shall be effective as of the date that Customer executes its online transaction or commences service and thereby accepts these Terms of Services (the “Effective Date”). These Terms of Service hereby incorporate by reference any SLA, Windhill Design LLC’s Acceptable Usage Policy (as in effect from time to time as set forth on Windhill Design LLCs website, the “AUP”) and any Order Form each of which is made a part of these Terms of Service and collectively referred to herein as the Agreement.” Customer’s use of Windhill Design LLC’s website, Windhill Design LLC Network, and the Products and Services is also subject to Customer’s acceptance and compliance with these Terms of Service, the AUP, the SLA and the Order Form. Capitalized terms used herein without being defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to such capitalized term in the SLA or AUP, as applicable.PLEASE READ THIS AGREEMENT CAREFULLY. This is a binding agreement between Customer and Windhill Design LLC and includes automatic renewal terms. By submitting an Order Form online or by using Products and Services, Customer hereby agrees to the terms and conditions of the Agreement. THIS AGREEMENT AFFECTS YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS.The use of services from Windhill Design LLC, [hereafter referred to as “Provider”] constitutes agreement to these terms.1. Account Setup / Email on file1.1 We will setup your account after receipt of all required account information, payment receipt verification and the conclusion of all order & fraud screening processes. Providing false contact information of any kind may result in the termination of your account. Invoices will be e-mailed to the e-mail address on file. It is the Customer’s responsibility to ensure that we have your correct e-mail address on file.2. Prohibited Uses2.1. All services provided by Provider may only be used for lawful purposes. The laws of the State of New Hampshire, and the United States of America apply.The customer agrees to indemnify and hold harmless Provider from any claims resulting from the use of our services.Use of our services to infringe upon any copyright or trademark is prohibited. This includes but is not limited to unauthorized copying of music, books, photographs, or any other copyrighted work. The offer of sale of any counterfeit merchandise of a trademark holder will result in the immediate termination of your account. Any account found to be in violation of another’s copyright will be expeditiously removed, or access to the material disabled. Any account found to be in repeated violation of copyright laws will be suspended and/or terminated from our hosting.Provider services, including all related equipment, networks and network devices are provided only for authorized customer use. Provider systems may be monitored for all lawful purposes, including to ensure that use is authorized, for management of the system, to facilitate protection against unauthorized access, and to verify security procedures, survivability, and operational security. During monitoring, information may be examined, recorded, copied and used for authorized purposes. Use of Provider system(s) constitutes consent to monitoring for these purposes.We reserve the right to refuse service to anyone. Any material that, in our judgment, is obscene, threatening, illegal, or violates our terms of service in any manner may be removed from our servers (or otherwise disabled), with or without notice.2.2. Prohibited Uses of Windhill Design LLC’s Hosting Systems and Services:Transmission, distribution or storage of any material in violation of any applicable law or regulation is prohibited. This includes, without limitation, material material protected by copyright, trademark, trade secret or other intellectual property right used without proper authorization, and material that is obscene, defamatory, constitutes an illegal threat, or violates export control laws.Unacceptable practices include but are not limited to…Drug dealingPiracy/PiratingViolation of copyright lawIllegal gambling/Lottery sitesIllegal arms traffickingStorage of sensitive data (ie. credit card numbers, social security numbers)Stalking or violating state or federal law.Attempting without authorization to access a computer systemSchemes to defraud, sending a message or having content that is indecent according to American laws with intent to annoy, abuse, threaten, or harass another personThreatening bodily harm or damage to individuals or groupsViolating U.S. and International Export restrictionsInterfere with or disrupt the Services or servers or networks connected to the Services, or disobey any requirements, procedures, policies or regulations of networks connected to the ServiceProvider does not actively monitor dedicated server content for review. Provider believes in the free dissemination of information via our services. Dedicated server content will only be reviewed upon complaint by verified third parties. Content that does not violate local, state and federal law or the AUP is deemed in compliance and shall remain intact. Legal adult content is not allowed on Provider dedicated servers.Sending Unsolicited Bulk Email (“UBE”, “spam”). The sending of any form of Unsolicited Bulk Email through Provider Hosting’s servers is prohibited. Likewise, the sending of UBE from another service provider advertising a web site, email address or utilizing any resource hosted on Provider Hosting’s servers, is prohibited. Provider Hosting accounts or services may not be used to solicit customers from, or collect replies to, messages sent from another Internet Service Provider where those messages violate this Policy or that of the other provider. ANY form of spamming activity (e.g. mail spam, Usenet spam, pop-up spam, selling/buying spamware, and so on) conducted ANYWHERE on the Internet, i.e. whether through our facilities or not, will be:Grounds for instant, permanent termination of all services with no prior warning. Grounds for seizure of all on-premises equipment and dataGrounds for forfeit of all funds paidWill result in a demand for payment of a fine (to cover damage to our reputation)$500/incident/spam clean-up fee, all of which is payable within 24 hours or will be referred to a collection agencyRunning Unconfirmed Mailing Lists. Subscribing email addresses to any mailing list without the express and verifiable permission of the email address owner is prohibited. All mailing lists run by Provider Hosting customers must be Closed-loop (“Confirmed Opt-in”). The subscription confirmation message received from each address owner must be kept on file for the duration of the existence of the mailing list. Purchasing lists of email addresses from 3rd parties for mailing to from any Provider Hosting-hosted domain, or referencing any Provider Hosting account, is prohibited.Advertising, transmitting, or otherwise making available any software, program, product, or service that is designed to violate this AUP or the AUP of any other Internet Service Provider, which includes, but is not limited to, the facilitation of the means to send Unsolicited Bulk Email, initiation of pinging, flooding, mail-bombing, denial of service attacks.Operating an account on behalf of, or in connection with, or reselling any service to, persons or firms listed in the Spamhaus Register of Known Spam Operations (ROKSO) database at www.spamhaus.org/rokso.Unauthorized attempts by a user to gain access to any account or computer resource not belonging to that user (e.g., “cracking”). Provider reserves the right to report illegal activities to any and all regulatory, administrative, and/or governmental authorities for prosecution.Obtaining or attempting to obtain service by any means or device with intent to avoid payment.Unauthorized access, alteration, destruction, or any attempt thereof, of any information of any Provider Hosting customers or end-users by any means or device.Knowingly engage in any activities designed to harass, or that will cause a denial-of-service (e.g., synchronized number sequence attacks) to any other user whether on the Provider Hosting network or on another provider’s network.Using Provider Hosting’s Services to interfere with the use of the Provider Hosting network by other customers or authorized users.SERVER RESOURCES, THIS APPLIES TO SHARED HOSTING PLANS ONLY. Running programs in the background on a Provider shared server without prior written authorization, or running chat rooms, Internet Relay Chat (IRC) or IRC Bots, more than 500 emails a day and the like are not acceptable uses of Provider’s shared servers. Further, any usage of fifteen percent (15%) or greater of our system resources is an undue burden on our shared systems and is regarded as unacceptable. If your usage ever exceeds fifteen percent (15%) of shared system resources, your account may be terminated immediately and without prior notice. In addition, any domain that exceeds ten gigabytes of bandwidth in a short span can be terminated without prior notice. Usage of scripts or other utilities to direct pointed domain names to subdirectories is not permitted and is grounds for termination of the account. Provider’s shared services may be used for lawful purposes only.Unacceptable practices include but are not limited to…Drug dealingPiracy/PiratingViolation of copyright lawIllegal gambling/Lottery sitesIllegal arms traffickingStorage of sensitive data (ie. credit card numbers, social security numbers)Stalking or violating state or federal law.Attempting without authorization to access a computer systemSchemes to defraud, sending a message or having content that is indecent according to American laws with intent to annoy, abuse, threaten, or harass another personThreatening bodily harm or damage to individuals or groupsViolating U.S. and International Export restrictionsInterfere with or disrupt the Services or servers or networks connected to the Services, or disobey any requirements, procedures, policies or regulations of networks connected to the Service2.3. Customer Responsibility for Customer’s UsersEach Provider Hosting customer is responsible for the activities of its users and, by accepting service from Provider Hosting, is agreeing to ensure that its customers/representatives or end-users abide by this Policy. Complaints about customers/representatives or end-users of an Provider Hosting customer will be forwarded to the Provider Hosting customer’s postmaster for action. If violations of the Provider Hosting Acceptable Use Policy occur, Provider Hosting reserves the right to terminate services with or take action to stop the offending customer from violating Provider Hosting’s AUP as Provider Hosting deems appropriate, without notice.3. Payment InformationYou agree to supply appropriate payment for the services received from Provider, in advance of the time period during which such services are provided. You agree that until and unless you notify Provider of your desire to cancel any or all services received, those services will be billed on a recurring basis.Cancellations must be done in writing via the cancellation process provided. Once we receive your cancellation and have confirmed all necessary information with you via e-mail, we will inform you in writing (typically email) that your account has been canceled.As a client of Provider, it is your responsibility to ensure that your payment information is up to date, and that all invoices are paid on time. Invoices are e-mailed to your e-mail address 21 days before their due date. A reminder will be sent seven days before the due date if payment is not sent. Three overdue email reminders will be sent. The first at one day over due, the second at seven days overdue and the third and final reminder at 14 days overdue. A late fee of 10% ($5 minimum) will be applied to all invoices that are 15 days overdue.Any hosted accounts that remain unpaid 30 days after the due date will be suspended. If sending payment by mail, please allow 3-5 days for delivery. If you have a credit card on file, payment will be attempted two days before the due date. To recap:21 days prior to invoice due date – Invoice emailed5 days prior to due date – Invoice Unpaid Reminder email7 days prior to due date – if a valid credit card is on file, a charge will be attempted1 day after due date – 1st Overdue Reminder email7 days after due date – 2nd Overdue Reminder email14 days after due date – 3rd and Final Overdue Reminder15 days after due date – 10% late fee is added to the account30 days after due date – account is suspended – web site will not be accessible nor will any email accounts on hosted domains function until payment is received. A $25 restoration fee may apply. If payment is paid online via Client Area, the site will be restored within minutes of successful payment in full.Provider reserves the right to change the hosting payment amount and/or billing cycle at anytime.There is a minimum two hour charge for any service requests for non-hosted web sites that must be prepaid.There is a minimum $240 (covers up to two hours) charge to fix, restore and/or repair any web site that has been hacked, defaced or is other wise infected with malware if the site is not on a maintenance or service plan with Windhill.As of June 1, 2019, the only forms of payment for recurring services (ie. web hosting, web site support/services, etc.) that will be accepted are credit cards or PayPal. Checks will only be accepted for annual renewal, project-based work or on a case-by-case basis.4. Cancellations and RefundsProvider reserves the right to cancel the account at any time with or without notice. Violations of the Terms of Service will result in immediate cancellation. If Customer wishes to cancel their account, they must request cancellation by logging in to www.windhill.com/whmcs and submitting a request of the specific service at least 14 days before their next renewal date. All recurring fees are non refundable.5. ArbitrationBy using any Provider services, you agree to submit to binding arbitration. If any disputes or claims arise against Provider or its subsidiaries, such disputes will be handled by an arbitrator of Provider’s choice. An arbitrator from the American Arbitration Association will be selected. Arbitrators shall be attorneys or retired judges and shall be selected pursuant to the applicable rules. All decisions rendered by the arbitrator will be binding and final. The arbitrator’s award is final and binding on all parties. The Federal Arbitration Act, and not any state arbitration law, governs all arbitration under this Arbitration Clause. You are also responsible for any and all costs related to such arbitration.6. DisclaimerProvider shall not be responsible for any damages your business may suffer. Provider makes no warranties of any kind, expressed or implied for services we provide. Provider disclaims any warranty or merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. This includes loss of data resulting from delays, no deliveries, wrong delivery, and any and all service interruptions caused by Provider and its employees.7. Disclosure to law enforcementProvider may disclose any subscriber information to law enforcement agencies without further consent or notification to the subscriber upon lawful request from such agencies. We will cooperate fully with law enforcement agencies.8. Accounts that Are Past Due Your account will be considered Past Due if not paid in full based on the terms of your invoice. A late fee of 10% of the invoice value will be added to your Account every time it is past due for more than 15 days. Every effort will be made to e-mail you one additional invoice as a reminder. If you account remains Past Due for a period of 30 days or longer, it may be suspended without and further notice. This means your web site and e-mail services (if based on your domain) will be unavailable for use. A $25 reconnect fee will be applied to all suspended accounts in addition to any late fees. Your account will remain suspended until the balance is paid in full.9. Warranties9.1. Your Warranties to Provider9.1.1. You represent and warrant to Provider that: (i) you have the experience and knowledge necessary to use the Services; (ii) you will provide Provider with material that may be implemented by it to provide the Services without extra effort on Provider’s part; and (iii) you have sufficient knowledge about administering, designing, and operating the functions facilitated by the Service to take advantage of it.9.1.2. You expressly warrant that you own the entire right, title and interest to, or have an appropriate license to use, all material provided to Provider, or which may be accessed or transmitted using the Services. You also warrant that to the extent you do business with other parties using the Services, that they have the same ownership interests in the materials provided to you, or accessed via you, that are set out in this paragraph.9.2. Provider’s Warranties9.2.1. YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT USE OF A PROVIDER’S SERVICES IS AT YOUR OWN RISK. THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED AS-IS AND AS-AVAILABLE. OTHER THAN AS EXPRESSLY SET OUT IN THIS AGREEMENT, PROVIDER HAS NOT, AND DOES NOT, MAKE ANY WARRANTIES WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. THIS DISCLAIMER INCLUDES, BUT IS NOT LIMITED TO, THE WARRANTIES OR NON-INFRINGEMENT, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, WARRANTIES OR MERCHANTABILITY, AND/OR TITLE. NEITHER PROVIDER, ITS EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, RESELLERS, THIRD PARTY INFORMATION PROVIDERS, MERCHANTS LICENSERS OR THE LIKE, WARRANT THAT PROVIDER’S SERVICES WILL NOT BE INTERRUPTED OR BE ERROR-FREE; NOR DO THEY MAKE ANY WARRANTY AS TO THE RESULTS THAT MIGHT BE OBTAINED FROM THE USE OF THE SERVICES OR AS TO THE ACCURACY, OR RELIABILITY, OF ANY INFORMATION SERVICE OR MERCHANDISE CONTAINED IN OR PROVIDED THROUGH PROVIDER’S NETWORK, UNLESS OTHERWISE EXPRESSLY STATED IN THIS AGREEMENT. PROVIDER SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES REGARDING SERVICES PROVIDED BY THIRD PARTIES, REGARDLESS OF WHETHER THOSE SERVICES APPEAR TO BE PROVIDED BY PROVIDER. NO WARRANTIES MADE BY THESE THIRD PARTIES TO PROVIDER SHALL BE PASSED THROUGH TO YOU, NOR SHALL YOU CLAIM TO BE A THIRD PARTY BENEFICIARY OF SUCH WARRANTIES.9.2.2. THE WARRANTY DISCLAIMERS CONTAINED IN THIS AGREEMENT EXTEND TO ANY ORAL OR WRITTEN INFORMATION YOU MAY HAVE RECEIVED FROM PROVIDER, ITS EMPLOYEES, THIRD-PARTY VENDORS, AGENTS OR AFFILIATES. YOU MAY NOT RELY ON SUCH INFORMATION.9.2.3. SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW PROVIDER TO EXCLUDE CERTAIN WARRANTIES. IF THIS APPLIES TO YOU, YOUR WARRANTY IS LIMITED TO NINETY (90) DAYS FROM THE EFFECTIVE DATE.9.3. The parties expressly disclaim the applicability of the United Nations Convention on the International Sale of Goods.10. Limitation of Liability10.1. YOU ALSO ACKNOWLEDGE AND ACCEPT THAT ANY DAMAGES WILL BE LIMITED TO NO MORE THAN THE FEES PAID BY YOU FOR ONE (1) MONTH OF SERVICE.10.2. PROVIDER SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR (i) ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR FOR ANY LOSS OF PROFITS OR LOSS OF REVENUE RESULTING FROM THE USE OF THE PRODUCTS AND SERVICES BY THE CUSTOMER OR ANY THIRD PARTIES OR ANY FAILURE OF THE PRODUCTS AND SERVICES OR (ii) ANY LOSS OF DATA OR CORRUPTION OF DATA, INCLUDING LOSS OF DATA RESULTING FROM DELAYS, NONDELIVERIES, MISDELIVERIES, SERVICE INTERRUPTIONS, FAILURE OF PROVIDER NETWORK, RECLAMATION OF SERVERS BY PROVIDER, FAILURE OF SERVERS, THE RELOADING OF AN OPERATING SYSTEM OR OTHER SOFTWARE ON A SERVER OR THE NEGLIGENCE OF PROVIDER. CUSTOMER IS SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR SAFEGUARDING, BACKING UP AND ARCHIVING ALL DATA OWNED, CONTROLLED OR TRANSMITTED BY CUSTOMER THAT RESIDES ON PROVIDER NETWORK OR ANY SERVER OWNED OR OPERATED BY PROVIDER. IN NO EVENT SHALL PROVIDER’S AGGREGATE LIABILITY FOR ANY CLAIM UNDER THIS AGREEMENT EXCEED THE AGGREGATE AMOUNT PAID BY CUSTOMER TO PROVIDER IN THE BILLING CYCLE IMMEDIATELY PRECEDING SUCH CLAIM. PROVIDER PROVIDES ALL PRODUCTS AND SERVICES “AS IS,” WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED AND DISCLAIMS ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. CUSTOMER SHALL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR THE SELECTION, USE AND SUITABILITY OF THE PRODUCTS AND SERVICES AND PROVIDER SHALL HAVE NO LIABILITY THEREFORE. NO CLAIM MAY BE ASSERTED BY CUSTOMER AGAINST PROVIDER MORE THAN TWO (2) YEARS FOLLOWING THE DATE OF THE EVENT THAT UNDERLIES ANY SUCH CLAIM. CUSTOMER ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THE RECEIPT OF A SERVICE CREDIT AS PROVIDED FOR IN THE SLA CONSTITUTES CUSTOMER’S SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY, AND PROVIDER’S SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE LIABILITY, FOR ANY FAILURE OF PROVIDER NETWORK, PROVIDER HARDWARE OR PROVIDER INFRASTRUCTURE OR THE FAILURE BY PROVIDER TO PROVIDE CUSTOMER WITH THE PRODUCTS AND SERVICES OR MANAGED HOSTING SERVICES PURCHASED BY CUSTOMER IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS AGREEMENT WHICH RESULTS FROM A QUALIFIED NETWORK DOWNTIME EVENT OR ANY OTHER QUALIFIED DOWNTIME EVENT.11. Indemnification11.1. You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Provider, and its parent, subsidiary and affiliated companies, third party service providers and each of their respective officers, directors, employees, shareholders and agents (each an “indemnified party” and collectively, “indemnified parties”) from and against any and all claims, damages, losses. liabilities, suits, actions, demands, proceedings (whether legal or administrative), and expenses (including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys’ fees) threatened, asserted, or filed by a third party against any of the indemnified parties arising out of, or relating to: (i) your use of the Services; (ii) any violation by you of any of Provider’s policies; (iii) any breach of any of your representations, warranties or covenants contained in this Agreement; or (iv) any acts or omissions by you. The terms of this section shall survive any termination of this Agreement. For the purpose of this paragraph only, the terms used to designate you include you, your customers, visitors to your website, and users of your products or services the use of which is facilities by Provider.12. Governing Law and Disputes12.1. This agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of New Hampshire, exclusive of its choice of law principles, and the laws of the United States of America, as applicable. Exclusive venue for all disputes arising out of or relating to this Agreement shall be the state and federal courts in Merrimack County, New Hampshire, and each party agrees not to dispute such personal jurisdiction and waives all objections thereto.13. Partial Invalidity13.1. If any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid by a court of competent jurisdiction, then the remaining provisions shall nevertheless remain in full force and effect. Provider and Customer agree to renegotiate any term held invalid and to be bound by mutually agreed substitute provision.14. Changes to the Terms of Service14.1. From time to time, Provider may change this Agreement. Provider will provide you with notice of material changes via the e-mail address associated with the Customer’s account, and by posting online at www.windhill.com/terms-conditions. It is your responsibility to check for any such notices. Your continued subscription to and payment for Provider’s services after the effective date of the change constitutes your acceptance of such changes. Provider is not making any representation regarding the availability of any Product or Service, which may be changed of discontinued.15. Assignment15.1. This Agreement may be assigned by Provider. It may not be assigned by you. This Agreement shall bind and inure to the benefit of the corporate successors and permitted assigns of the parties.16. Force Majeure16.1. Except for the obligation to pay monies due and owing, neither party shall be liable for any delay or failure in performance due to events outside the defaulting party’s reasonable control, including, without limitation, acts of God, earthquake, labor disputes, shortages of supplies, riots, war, fire, epidemics, failure of telecommunication carriers, or delays of common carriers or other circumstances beyond its reasonable control. The obligations and rights of the excused party shall be extended on a day-to-day basis for the time period equal to the period of the excusable delay. The party affected by such an occurrence shall notify the other party as soon as possible but in no event less than ten (10) days from the beginning of the event.17. No Waiver17.1. No waiver of rights under this Agreement or any Provider policy, or agreement between Customer and Provider shall constitute a subsequent waiver of this or any other right under this Agreement.18. No Agency18.1. This Agreement does not create any agency, partnership, joint venture, or franchise relationship. Neither party has the right or authority to, and shall not, assume or create any obligation of any nature whatsoever on behalf of the other party or bind the other party in any respect whatsoever.19. Survival19.1. The following paragraphs shall survive the termination of this Agreement: 10 through 13, and 19.20. HIPAA Disclaimer20.1. We are not “HIPAA compliant.” Users are solely responsible for any applicable compliance with federal or state laws governing the privacy and security of personal data, including medical or other sensitive data. Users acknowledge that the Services may not be appropriate for the storage or control of access to sensitive data, such as information about children or medical or health information. Provider does not control or monitor the information or data you store on, or transmit through, our Services. We specifically disclaim any representation or warranty that the Services, as offered, comply with the federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (“HIPAA”). Customers requiring secure storage of “protected health information” under HIPAA are expressly prohibited from using this Service for such purposes. Storing and permitting access to “protected health information,” as defined under HIPAA is a material violation of this User Agreement, and grounds for immediate account termination. We do not sign “Business Associate Agreements” and you agree that Provider is not a Business Associate or subcontractor or agent of yours pursuant to HIPAA. If you have questions about the security of your data, you should contact us.21. Email Accounts/Mailing Lists21.1. We provide IMAP/POP email accounts for customers with hosted web sites for those that wish to use them as a courtesy service. These email accounts may be on a shared or dedicated server and may experience deliver ability issues due to the nature of email services. Our ability to support hosted email accounts is to ensure that email can be sent to and from the account as tested by using WebMail. Given the wide range of email clients like smart phones and Outlook, we are not able to assist with configuring email clients beyond providing account settings. Customers are responsible for backing up email messages and files and provider is not liable for any loss of email messages, business or other issues relating to emails that cannot be delivered or sent. If email is critical to your business, we can recommend alternative email services like Google’s GSuite that can provide a higher level of functionality.Any time you’re sending a message no matter how large your e-mail list is you must throttle it. We recommend you throttle it to at the very least sending 1 email every 30 seconds. (Sending 1 every 8 seconds would send 120 emails within 1 hour, keeping you below the 200 outgoing email limit.) If the mailing list software you’re using does not allow you to throttle you must switch to an application or script that will. We recommend PHPList, which can be found in your CPanel, under Quickinstall.IMPORTANT: If you do not throttle and you try sending 200 emails, the server will try sending all 200 in 1 second which is not possible on our shared servers. This will cause a very high load on the server and the entire server will be sluggish, potentially affecting your sites and service, until this sending process is completed. It is our job to keep the server up and running without being sluggish or experiencing issues. Anyone who causes the server’s load to go high will be suspended and the process will be terminated. If you choose not to throttle, you will most likely be suspended for crashing the server.Any mailing list over 500 email addresses is only allowed to be sent to during off-peak times to prevent high server loads. Off peak times qualify as all day Saturday and Sunday, and 1AM – 8AM Eastern Standard Time, Monday through Friday.The list must be a Double Opt-In list. This means a user has subscribed for a newsletter or other email marketing messages by explicitly requesting it and confirming the email address to be their own. Confirmation is usually done by responding to a notification/confirmation email sent to the email address the end user specified. The double opt-in method eliminates the chance of abuse where somebody submits someone else’s email address without their knowledge and against their will. You will not be permitted to mail any mailing list that you were given or purchased. In doing so, this will also be considered spamming and may result in termination of the offending account.Email Scripts must be able to handle and document all information from a double opt-in list. This includes recording the sign-up IP address and date/time, double opt-in verification IP address and date/time, processing opt-outs (via web or email), and list removal on bounce backs. All opt-outs or bounce back removals must be handled in a timely manner, and outbound mail must be throttled on shared packages to a maximum of two hundred (200) emails per hour. If your account is found to be using a script that does not meet these requirements, Provider reserves the right to suspend, terminate, or deactivate your script or account.Any unsolicited e-mail being sent will result in suspension or termination of the offending account. We take a zero tolerance stance against sending of unsolicited e-mail and other forms of spam.Any mailing list MUST comply with all guidelines set forth by the United States government. These can be found at:http://www.business.ftc.gov/documents/bus61-can-spam-act-compliance-guide-business.No direct SMTP mailers are allowed. An example of this would be a Darkmailer or The Bat!. Any mail should be sent through the local mail server/MTA for further delivery by the server and not done directly by scripts.22. Bandwidth22.1. Customer agrees that bandwidth usage shall not exceed the number of Gigabytes per month for the Products and Services ordered by Customer on the Order Form (the “Agreed Usage”) without overage fees and/or penalties occurring. Provider will monitor Customer’s bandwidth and reserves the right to take corrective action if Customer’s bandwidth exceeds the Agreed Usage. Such corrective action may include the assessment of additional charges, disconnection or discontinuance of any and all Products and Services, or termination of these Terms of Service, which actions may be taken by Provider in its sole and absolute discretion. If Provider takes any corrective action under these Terms of Service, Customer shall not be entitled to a refund of any fees paid in advance prior to such action. Bandwidth usage is measured on a monthly basis with the server start date serving as the beginning of the monthly bandwidth measuring cycle. Only outgoing traffic is counted and applied towards the Agreed Usage. In the event that Customer exceeds the Agreed Usage, Provider may, at its sole discretion, collect overage fees, in the amount of $1.00 per GB/month from Customer, or to the extent that Customer has a credit card on file with Provider, apply such charge against Customer’s credit card. Data transfer in excess of the Agreed Usage shall be automatically billed to Customer. Unused Agreed Usage or bandwidth allocations cannot be carried over to future months or applied to other servers.23. Downtime23.1 Provider guarantees the up time of its network 99.99% of the time excluding scheduled maintenance.In the event any customer experiences anything less than 99.99% up time of the Provider Network a credit will be added to the account upon request. Network downtime is defined as the inability to transmit or receive data due to the failure of Provider owned network equipment. Provider will provide a 5% credit to the affected server or shared account for each hour of downtime beyond 0.1% per month. No customer may receive credits totaling more than one month of service per affected server or shared account. Downtime is measured from the time a trouble ticket is opened by the affected customer to the time Provider determines the issue to be resolved, excluding scheduled maintenance.24. Support24.1. All support requests should be sent to support@windhill.com for the fastest response. Requests made through other means may not be received or routed to the correct department as quickly and therefore may be overlooked or lost. Support hours are Monday – Friday, 8:30 AM to 5:00 PM EST. Official response time will be determined by when such requests are sent to support@windhill.comonly. Requests made by phone or sent to a personal email address may result in a slower response time.24.2. Support requests to fix, look at, research and/or address any issues relating to Services provided by Provider including but not limited to web content changes, bug fixes, incompatibilities with web browsers, plugin or CMS updates, backups, email support, site restoration and site repairs are subject to billable time at $120/hour in 15 minute increments. Customers may purchase a site maintenance plan and/or request access to their control panel to make changes themselves.24.3. Any work requested that we estimate will take less than two hours to complete will be done per the Customer’s request and without providing an estimate in advance. For requests that we think will take over two hours, we will provide an estimate in advance of starting the work. The estimate is just that, an estimate. We will always bill actual time and can alert a customer if we are about to exceed the estimated hours before doing so. For work that is estimated at over two hours, customers must provide a deposit of two hours prepaid time before we can start.  For customers with web sites not hosted with Windhill, we require a minimum of two hours prepaid before ANY work can commence.24.4.  Customer agrees to pay for all invoices and charges relating to requests for site work made. An hour worked is an hour billed. Only the Provider may decide to reduce or waive certain charges at it’s sole discretion. Customer acknowledges that Provider will make it’s best effort to perform site updates and repairs in a timely and efficient manner but in some cases there will be unforeseen results such as bugs, code conflicts and display issues that will results in addition billable time to correct. Customer may at anytime request a cap on billable hours or halt a project prior to completion. There is a minimum two hour charge, paid in advance, for any hacked or defaced web site not under a maintenance plan.25. PCI ComplianceAny customers with online stores or collecting online payments are responsible for making sure their web sites and payment systems are PCI compliant. Under no circumstances may sensitive data like credit card numbers be stored on Providers servers. Any Customer found in violation of this will be immediately notified and must take actions to make their site compliant, remove any sensitive data or migrate their web site off of Provider’s servers within 48 hours of notification. Failure to comply will result in the account being suspended. No refunds will be given for cancellation or migration of web sites that are in violation of PCI compliance.How To Contact UsShould you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please call us at 603-581-2675 or send us an email to websites@windhill.comProviding digital marketing services for small businesses with the goal of delivering results with exceptional service.Important LinksMy AccountPrivacy PolicyTerms & ConditionsAccessibility StatementFeatured ServicesLocal SEOSearch Engine OptimizationWebsite DevelopmentManaged Web HostingContact Us Mailing Address
7227 Pleasant Street Loudon, NH 03307-1615 Phone: 603-581-2675 Email: info@windhill.com ©2020 Windhill Design. All Rights Reserved.
Phone: 603-581-2675 | Email: info@windhill.comAboutBlogContact UsFAQsWordPress Web DesignWordPress DevelopmentE-CommerceWebsite HostingSEOSearch Engine OptimizationLocal SEOSocial Media MarketingPay Per Click ManagementOur WorkCase StudiesPortfolioWebsite SEO AnalysisAbout SalientThe Castle Unit 345 2500 Castle Dr Manhattan, NYT: +216 (0)40 3629 4753 E: hello@themenectar.com