http://www.websiteoptimization.com/about/privacy.html
Privacy Policy - Web Site Optimization, LLC
WebSiteOptimization.com
Higher traffic and speed guaranteed.™
Home
Services
Publications
About
Sitemap
877.SITE.OPTContact Us
Call (877) SITE-OPT (748-3678)
Free Newsletter
home >
about >
privacy.html
Privacy Policy
Web Site Optimization, LLC
We take the privacy of your personal information seriously.
We do not share your information with people outside of Web Site
Optimization, LLC, without your express written consent. In the
event that our business is acquired, our client list and newsletter
list would also be a part of that transaction. Other than an acquisition
or promotional purposes (testimonials) we do not share your personal
information with any third party. Specifically:
What personal information is collected?
We collect contact information from users, namely Name, Email address, Phone number, and
the goals they want to achieve for their website.
How is this information used by WSO?
WSO uses this contact information to contact interested visitors about
the services they are interested in. We also collect and send out an e-mail
newsletter to subscribers to our Optimization Week
newsletter.
How does WSO transfer data to third-party companies?
We do not share your personal information with third parties without
your express written consent. Only in the event of an acquisition of our
company will we share your personal information (client list, newsletter email list and
interested users).
How do I modify or delete my personal information or opt-out?
You can contact WSO through our Contact Form to request that
we delete your personal information from our records. You can also unsubscribe to our
newsletter by clicking on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of your most
recent newsletter, or sending an unsubscribe request to the above contact form (please include
the email address that you want to unsubscribe).
Contact
Andy King - President
Web Site Optimization, LLC
Phone: 734.476.6611
Contact Form
SEO & redesign increased new patients by 100X!
PhillyDentistry.com
Web Performance Services
Increased speeds by 30-90% with our analysis and optimization services.
AOL.com
Aruba.com
Caravan Tours
Bank of America
Time Warner
Wells Fargo
WhitePages.com
Conversion Rate Optimization
Increase conversions with adaptive multivariate testing to squeeze more leads out of your exiating traffic. Quickly boost your ROI.
Web Development
Improve your site's look, usability and accessibility for a more credible and successful website.
Professional redesigns
Accessibility reviews
Usability reviews
CMS development
Multimedia optimization
Custom programming
Copyright © 2002-2018 Website Optimization, LLC. All Rights Reserved - Free website speed test - Privacy Policy
Last modified: December 14, 2011.
Follow us on: Twitter,
Google+,
Facebook,
Linked In