http://www.icharter.org/about/legal.html
HomeBusiness Certification Small Business
Enterprise Certification
Service Excellence
Corporate Certification
Business Integrity
EnviroCert
Other Certifications
Benefits of Certification Standards Data Storage
Ethical Governance
Ethical Advertising
Basic Vendor Requirements
Web Accessibility
Operational Excellence Awards & Rankings Corporate Citizenship
Business Service Award
Rankings & Lists
CEO of the Year
Business Product of the Year
Business with Integrity
Committed to the Environment
Environmental Product of the Year About us Introduction
News
Insight
Legal Information
Contact ICharter
IntroductionNewsInsightLegal Information Privacy Policy
Confidentiality Policy
Audit Trail Contact ICharter
Home / About us / Legal Information
Legal Information
This website and service contains proprietary and confidential information about International Charter (ICharter), its associates and members that is protected by applicable intellectual property and other laws). Our service is protected by copyrights, trademarks, service marks, patents or other proprietary rights and laws.
Except as expressly authorized by us, you agree not to modify, rent, lease, loan, sell, distribute or create derivative works based on our service.
Our Privacy Policy details our policy towards personal and company data collection and analysis. See our Privacy Policy.
We or third-party providers of content may provide links to other Websites or resources. We do not control these sites and resources, do not endorse them, and are not responsible or liable for their availability, content, delivery of services or any damage caused.
Disclaimer of warranties
While we use reasonable efforts to include accurate and up-to-date information on the service, you expressly understand and agree that:
A) Your use of the site is at your sole risk. The site is provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. International Charter expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement.
B) International Charter makes no warranty that
i. The site will be uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free,
ii. The quality of services purchased or otherwise obtained by you through the site will meet your expectations, and
C) No advice or information, whether oral or written, obtained by you from International Charter or through or from the site shall create any warranty not expressly stated in the terms.
D) The details and information submitted by you to us are true and correct, and that any future additions or alterations to your details and information will be true and correct, and that you will submit them in a timely manner.
Limitation on liability
You expressly understand and agree that International Charter, its employees, distributors, directors, and agents shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential or exemplary damages, including but not limited to, damages for loss of profits, goodwill, use, data or other intangible losses resulting from:
A) The use or the inability to use the service;
B) The cost of procurement of substitute goods and services resulting from any goods, data, information or services purchased or obtained or messages received or transactions entered into through or from the service;
C) Unauthorized access to or alteration of your transmissions or data;
D) Statements or conduct of any third party on the service; or
E) You agree that in no event shall our maximum liability, together with the maximum liability of our subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, employees, agents, reseller and reseller representatives, co-branders or other partners, under this agreement for any matter exceed an aggregate of one hundred United States Dollars (USD $100).
Join the International Charter email list to receive news alerts on key issues
© International Charter 1997-2011
Contact Us | Privacy | About Us | RSS Feed |