http://www.eslpc.com/legal.php
MENU
MENU
MENU
Toggle navigation
561-733-3537
(M-F 9-5 EST)
Home
Services
Computer Repair
Screen Replacement
Virus/Spyware Removal
Tune-Ups
SSD Upgrade
Maintenance
Upgrades
Keyboard Replacement
Networking
Other Services
Setup PC's
File Transfer
Installation
Corruption
Troubleshooting
Instructions
Data Recovery
Custom Built Desktop's
Support
Downloads
Email Support
e-Newsletters
Support FAQ's
Tip's, Tricks & Advice
Company
About Us
Testimonials
FAQ's
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Home » Legal
561-733-3537
Mon-Fri 9.00am - 5.00pm
(Boynton Beach, FL)
About UsContact UsFAQ's
Terms and Conditions
Policies
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Terms & Conditions
In using this website you are deemed to have read and agreed to the following terms and conditions:
The following terminology applies to these Terms and Conditions, Privacy Statement and Disclaimer Notice and any or all Agreements: "Client",
"You" and "Your" refers to you, the person accessing this website and accepting ESL's terms and conditions. "The Company", "Ourselves", "We" and
"Us", refers to Electronic Systems Labs or ESL. "Party", "Parties", or "Us", refers to both the Client and ourselves, or either the Client or
ourselves. All terms refer to the offer, acceptance and consideration of payment necessary to undertake the process of our assistance to the
Client in the most appropriate manner, whether by formal meetings of a fixed duration, or any other means, for the express purpose of meeting
the Client's needs in respect of provision of the Company's stated services/products, in accordance with and subject to, Florida, US Law. Any
use of the above terminology or other words in the singular, plural, capitalisation and/or he/she or they, are taken as interchangeable and
therefore as referring to same.
Privacy Statement
We are committed to protecting your privacy. Authorized employees within the company on a need to know basis only use any information
collected from individual customers. We constantly review our systems and data to ensure the best possible service to our customers. We will
investigate any such actions with a view to prosecuting and/or taking civil proceedings to recover damages against those responsible.
Confidentiality
Client and their respective Client Records
may be passed to third parties. However, Client records are regarded as confidential and therefore will not be divulged to any third party,
other than [our manufacturer/supplier(s) and] if legally required to do so to the appropriate authorities. Clients have the right to request
sight of, and copies of any and all Client Records we keep, on the proviso that we are given reasonable notice of such a request. Clients are
requested to retain copies of any literature issued in relation to the provision of our services. Where appropriate, we shall issue Client's
with appropriate written information, handouts or copies of records as part of an agreed contract, for the benefit of both parties.
Disclaimer and Liability
ESL shall not be responsible for and disclaims all liability for any loss, liability, damage (whether direct, indirect or
consequential), personal injury or expense of any nature whatsoever which may be suffered by you or any third party (including your company), as
a result of or which may be attributable, directly or indirectly, to your access and use of the website, any information contained on the
website, your or your company’s personal information or material and information transmitted over our system. In particular, neither ESL
nor any third party or data or content provider shall be liable in any way to you or to any other person, firm or corporation whatsoever
for any loss, liability, damage (whether direct or consequential), personal injury or expense of any nature whatsoever arising from any delays,
inaccuracies, errors in, or omission of any share price information or the transmission thereof, or for any actions taken in reliance thereon or
occasioned thereby or by reason of non-performance or interruption, or termination thereof.
Conflict of terms
If there is a conflict or contradiction between the provisions of these website terms and conditions and any other relevant terms and
conditions, policies or notices, the other relevant terms and conditions, policies or notices which relate specifically to a particular section
or module of the website shall prevail in respect of your use of the relevant section or module of the website.
Warranties
The website owner makes no warranties, representations, statements or guarantees (whether express, implied in law or residual) regarding the
website.
Links to this website
You may not create a link to any page of this website without our prior written consent. If you do create a link to a page of this website
you do so at your own risk and the exclusions and limitations set out above will apply to your use of this website by linking to it.
Links from this website
We do not monitor or review the content of other party's websites which are linked to from this website. Opinions expressed or material
appearing on such websites are not necessarily shared or endorsed by us and should not be regarded as the publisher of such opinions or
material. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices, or content, of these sites. We encourage our users to be aware
when they leave our site & to read the privacy statements of these sites. You should evaluate the security and trustworthiness of any other
site connected to this site or accessed through this site yourself, before disclosing any personal information to them. This Company will not
accept any responsibility for any loss or damage in whatever manner, howsoever caused, resulting from your disclosure to third parties of
personal information.
Copyright/Trademark Information
This entire website, copy, images, logos, indicia, text, content, and unique method of showcasing products is copyright 2000-2014  ESLpc.com,
All trademarks appearing herein are acknowledged. Permission to use documents delivered from this World Wide Web site and/or server and related
graphics is restricted. The name of ESLpc.com, or any of the above trademarks or logos may not be used in advertising or publicity pertaining to
distribution of this information without specific, written prior permission. The information contained in this website is subject to change
without notice. We are not responsible for typographical, technical, or descriptive errors of products herein.
Limitation of Liability
IN ALL CIRCUMSTANCES ESLPC.COM'S MAXIMUM LIABILITY IS LIMITED TO THE PURCHASE PRICE OF THE PRODUCTS SOLD. ESLPC.COM SHALL NOT, UNDER ANY
CIRCUMSTANCES, BE LIABLE UPON A CLAIM OR ACTION IN CONTRACT, TORT, INDEMNITY OR CONTRIBUTION, OR OTHER CLAIMS RELATING TO THE PRODUCTS IT SELLS
WHICH EXCEEDS THIS LIABILITY LIMIT. ESLPC.COM SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR THIRD PARTY CLAIMS FOR DAMAGES AGAINST THE CUSTOMER, OR FOR MALFUNCTION,
DELAYS, INTERRUPTION OF SERVICE, LOSS OF BUSINESS, LOSS OR DAMAGE TO EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, WHETHER OR NOT ESLPC.COM HAS BEEN MADE AWARE OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH CLAIMS OR DAMAGES.
Security & Privacy
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Services & Support
Support FAQ's
Downloads
Email Support
Newsletters
Service Areas
Boynton Beach
Delray Beach
Lantana
Lake Worth
Boca Raton
West Palm Beach
Company Info
Contact Us
About Us
Testimonials
Contact Us:
© 2000-2020 Electronic Systems Labs. All rights reserved.