http://www.datarecoverymasters.com/privacy-policy/
Why Data Recovery Masters
Company – Who We Are
Data & Disk Transfer Services
5.25" Floppy Disk Transfer
PC, Dos, Windows 5.25" Floppy Disks
Apple, other format 5.25" Floppy Disks
3.5" Floppy Disk Transfer
PC, Dos, Windows 3.5" Floppy Disks
Mac HD 3.5" Floppy Disks
Mac DD or DS 3.5" Floppy Disks
8" Floppy Disk Transfer
Zip Disk Transfer
PC, Dos, Windows Zip Disks
Mac Zip Disks
Jaz Drive Transfer
PC, Dos, Windows Jaz Cartridges
Mac Jaz Cartridges
Syquest Disk Transfer
5.25" Syquest Cartridges
PC, Dos, Windows 5.25" Syquest Cartridges
Mac 5.25" Syquest Cartridges
3.5" Syquest Cartridges
3.5" Syquest Ez Flyer
PC, Dos, Windows, Syquest Ez Flyer Disks
Mac Syquest Ez Flyer Disks
3.5" Syqest Ez Drive
PC, Dos, Windows, Syquest Ez Drive Disks
Mac Syquest Ez Drive Disks
Syquest SparQ Disks
PC, Dos, Windows Syquest SparQ Disks
Mac Syquest SparQ Disks
Super Disk Transfer
PC, Dos, Windows Imation Super Disks
Mac Imation Super Disks
Magneto Optical MO Disk Transfer
3.5" Magneto Optical MO Cartridges
5.25" Magneto Optical MO Cartridges
Data Recovery Services
Hard Drive Data Recovery
Floppy Disk Data Recovery
Zip Disk Data Recovery
Syquest Cartridge Data Recovery
Identify your Media and Disk
File Format Conversion
Document File Conversion
Floppy Disk Duplication
Buy Floppy Disks
Search for:
MENU
Disk Transfer
Buy Floppy Disks
Who We Are
Contact
Search for:
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy discloses the privacy practices for (datarecoverymasters.com). This privacy policy applies solely to information collected by this web site. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the web site, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
• See what data we have about you, if any.
• Change/correct any data we have about you.
• Have us delete any data we have about you.
• Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Updates
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time and all updates will be posted on this page.
Data Rescued from Old Disks and Media
Learn More
Data Transfer, Copy, Conversions and Recovery On Many Types of Media and Format
File Transfer and Data Recovery Since 1992
Specializing in transferring data and files from old format disks and obsolete computer storage media, have our experienced team handle your sensitive and important data. It’s time to move your files off of old disks to current media. The team at Data Recovery Masters is here to help.
Transfer Files From Old Disks
Transfer files and data from old floppy disks, zip drives, SyQuest cartridges, Jaz drives and more.
Data Recovery for Damaged and Crashed Drives
Recover files and data from damaged and crashed hard drives, corrupted flash memory media and more.
Purchase New Floppy Disks
New 5.25” and 3.5” floppy disks are available for running on old style legacy machines.
CONTACT US
562-421-7105
© 2017 Data Recovery Masters™. All Rights Reserved