https://www.fusion-reactor.com/product-support-policies/
Product Support Policies
Premium Support
Fusion Premium Support is included with FusionReactor Ultimate and FusionReactor Enterprise Editions. Premium support offers some additional features beyond our regular support, including remote assistance and an annual one-on-one health check for your FusionReactor installation.
Access to Fusion Premium Support
Access to Premium Support is automatically available, providing you have a valid Subscription License or if you have a Perpetual License that has a valid maintenance contract for either FusionReactor Ultimate or FusionReactor Enterprise Edition.
Access the support portal to enter a support ticket, see our announcements, FAQs, forum as well as view the state of your support tickets.
Supported Products and Versions
Fusion Premium support is available for the products and versions listed below:
FusionReactor Ultimate 8.x
FusionReactor Enterprise 8.x
FusionReactor Standard 8.x
FusionReactor Developer Edition 8.x
FusionReactor Ultimate 7.x
FusionReactor Enterprise 7.x
FusionReactor Standard 7.x
FusionReactor Developer Edition 7.x
FusionReactor Ultimate 6.x
FusionReactor Enterprise 6.x
FusionReactor Standard 6.x
FusionReactor Developer Edition 6.x
FusionReactor Cloud Ultimate Edition
FusionReactor Cloud Enterprise Edition
Definitions of Support
Incident:
Intergral defines a support incident as an issue that focuses on one aspect of the product – e.g. use of a specific documented feature of the product or assistance with a specific problem or error message. A single support incident may involve multiple phone calls, emails, and off-line research. Our technical support staff is responsible for determining what characterizes a support incident.
Product Defect:
Intergral defines a product defect as a technical aspect or functionality of a product that does not execute and deliver results as documented in the supplied product documentation. Unexpected behavior that can be isolated to a user’s specific configuration or environment does not constitute a product defect. Our technical support staff may provide troubleshooting suggestions for unexpected behavior in these cases; however, we are not responsible for the resolution of any such behavior. An issue is recognized as a product defect only after it has been reproduced in steps provided by the customer and has been confirmed by one of our technical support staff.
Documentation Error:
Intergral defines a documentation error as inaccurate information or instruction provided in the documentation which either accompanies the product or is provided on our online support resources.
Installation:
Intergral defines installation as the process in which the product installation program is extracted from the Fusion website as a downloaded executable onto a single computer’s hard drive and the setup program is run to completion in accordance with our authorized installation instructions. A completed installation is determined by the successful first run of the Fusion application. See the Support page for the latest FusionReactor Installation Guide
Resolution of Issue
Once an issue is accepted as being within the extent of the Fusion Premium Support (as described inDefinitions of Support), resolution of a support issue is defined as accomplishing any one of the following:
Providing a reasonable solution to the issue.
Providing a reasonable work-around to the issue.
Determination by Intergral that the issue is an enhancement request and logging the issue for future consideration.
Escalation by the technical support of the incident/product defect to our product engineering team for review.
Our technical support staff will make reasonable efforts to resolving the issue but Intergral cannot guarantee that every issue will be resolved.
While the assistance provided by technical support will often lead to a solution, ColdFusion Consulting is sometimes required to bring issues to complete resolution.
Some examples of issues which may require consulting services include:
Consulting to review factors associated with the ColdFusion Server directly or external to the server, such as 3rd Party Software, OS Level Issues, Database Drivers, etc.
Analysis of ColdFusion Application Code and provision of recommendations for best coding practices.
Load testing guidance or review of load testing results.
Providing recommendations for supported J2EE Server specific settings.
Initiate conference calls to 3rd Party Vendor Software on behalf of the customer.
Troubleshoot 3rd Party Software Packages/Framework.
Target Response Time – 10 Business Hours
Following receipt of a technical support issue (see Definitions of Support) as part of the Premium Support program, the technical support engineer will provide a response within the timeframe of 10 business hours.
If you are entitled to Premium Support, critical issues guarantee a response in 4 business hours.
See Support Availability time window below.
Support Availability
Our office support hours are between 8:00 am Central European Time – 6:00 pm Central European Time (6 hours ahead of Eastern Time)
The following statutory German holidays are excluded from support service – that is, no service will be provided on these days.
New Years Day (1st January)
Epiphany (6th January)
Good Friday
Easter Monday
Labor Day (1st May)
Ascension Day
Whitmonday
Corpus Christi
Day of German Unity (3rd October)
Christmas Day (25th December)
Boxing Day (26th December)
Version Support
Version Support
Version Support
Licensing Installation Feature Information Configuration Bug Report
6.x
$24month$36
Licensing
Installation
Feature Information
Configuration
Bug Report
Sign Up
7.x
$24month$36
Licensing
Installation
Feature Information
Configuration
Bug Report
Sign Up
8.x
$24month$36
Licensing
Installation
Feature Information
Configuration
Bug Report
Sign Up
Menu
This website or its third-party tools use cookies, which are necessary to its functioning and required to achieve the purposes illustrated in the cookie policy. If you want to know more or withdraw your consent to all or some of the cookies, please refer to the cookie policy.
By closing this banner, scrolling this page, clicking a link or continuing to browse otherwise, you agree to the use of cookies.
Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.