http://www.matraxis.co.uk/privacy
home
solutions
business intelligence
cyber security
services
business intelligence
cyber security
GDPR
cyber essentials
products
zoho analytics
webtrends
logpoint
bitdefender
contact
about
020 8133 8323
Privacy
Matraxis Ltd – Privacy PolicyUpdated – April 2018Matraxis Ltd. Registered in England No. 04457771This privacy policy sets out how Matraxis Ltd uses and protects any information that you provide when you use this website. Matraxis Ltd is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.Matraxis Ltd may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.Data we collectWe may collect the following information•	name and job title•	contact information including email address•	demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests •	other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers•	IP AddressWhat we do with the information we gather.We require information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:•	to contact you by using the email address, phone, fax or mail which you have provided•	internal record keeping•	to improve our products and services•	from time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. •	we may use the information to customise the website according to your interests•	to periodically send promotional emails about company updates, new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find relevant and interesting •	from time to time, we may send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find relevant and interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.Who we may share the Information with.We share Personal Information with third parties in the following circumstances:•	With our suppliers and service providers working, e.g. technology and service providers, payment processors and delivery companies.•	With our professional and legal advisors.•	With third parties engaged in fraud prevention and detection.•	With law enforcement or other governmental authorities or regulatory bodies, e.g. to report a fraud or in response to a lawful request.•	Otherwise where we have your consent or are otherwise legally obliged to do so.SecurityWe are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.How we use cookiesMatraxis Ltd uses cookies in order to anonymously report how website visitors interact with the Matraxis Ltd website. For further information and a list of cookies which are currently used by Matraxis Ltd, please see our Cookie Policy page.Links to other websitesOur website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should read the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.Controlling your personal informationYou may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:•	whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes•	if you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at admin@matraxis.co.ukWe will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. You may request details of personal information which we hold about you. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to:Matraxis Ltd, 34 High Street, Epsom, Surrey KT17 1RW.If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Find out more. We have been delivering business intelligence and analytics solutions since 2002 and in that time we have implemented and supported applications to hundreds of commercial and public sector organisations.
Get in touch
Just drop us an email with any questions or to find out more details.
Copyright
©2020 Matraxis Limited  All Rights Reserved. info@matraxis.co.uk  +44 20 8133 8323
Privacy
Share by: