https://www.nextdimensioninc.com/terms-conditions/
Digital Leadership
IT Strategic Planning
Managed IT Services
IT Solutions
Terms & Conditions
The following are terms of a legal agreement between you and the Next Dimension. By accessing, browsing and/or using this website, you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agree, to be bound by these terms and to comply with all applicable laws and regulations, including export and re-export control laws and regulations. If you do not agree to these terms, do not use this website.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
This website may contain other proprietary notices and copyright information, the terms of which must be observed and followed. Information on this website may contain technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. Information may be changed or updated without notice. Next Dimension may make improvements and/or changes in the products and/or the programs described in this information and/or available on this website at any time without notice. Next Dimension assumes no responsibility regarding the accuracy of the information, and use of such information is at the recipient’s own risk. By furnishing information, Next Dimension does not grant any licenses to any copyrights, patents or any other intellectual property rights.
LIABILITY
In no event will Next Dimension be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, special or other consequential damages for any use of this website, including, without limitation, any lost profits, business interruption, loss of programs, data or otherwise, even if Next Dimension is expressly advised of the possibility of such damages.
OTHER IMPORTANT INFORMATION
All information is provided by Next Dimension on an “as is” basis only. Next Dimension provides no representations and warranties, express or implied, including the implied warranties of fitness for a particular purpose, merchantability and non-infringement.
Any information or material sent to Next Dimension is deemed NOT to be confidential. By submitting information or material, you grant Next Dimension an unrestricted, irrevocable license to use, reproduce, display, perform, modify, transmit and distribute those materials or information, and you also agree that Next Dimension is free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques that you send us for any purpose.
Next Dimension reserves the right to modify this terms of use policy at any time.
Is it time to check your IT Alignment?
Business and IT Strategic Alignment Scorecard
How well aligned is your IT Strategy?
Get Your Score
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.