http://www.isulu.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
HomePrivacy Policy
Privacy and Terms and conditions of this website
Short version.  I will not sell, trade or use your data in any way, except to try to offer a better service to you, my customer or potential customer. We use cookies, and other tracking software to help us understand who is visiting our website, and who might therefore benefit from our services.
What is this Privacy Policy for?
This privacy policy governs the privacy of this website [www.isulu.co.uk] and it's users who choose to use it.
The page sets out the various areas where user privacy is concerned and gives an outline and the obligations & requirements of the users, the website and website owners. Furthermore the way this website processes, stores and protects user data and information is also be detailed within this policy.
The Website
This website complies to all UK national laws and requirements for user privacy.
Use of Cookies
This website uses cookies to better the users experience while visiting the website.
Cookies are small files saved to the users computers hard drive that track, save and store information about the users interactions and usage of the website. This allows the website, through it's server to provide the users with a tailored experience within this website.
Users are advised that if they wish to deny the use and saving of cookies from this website on to their computers hard drive they should take necessary steps within their web browsers security settings to block all cookies from this website and it's external serving vendors.
This website uses tracking software to monitor it's visitors to better understand how they use it. This software is provided by Google Analytics which uses cookies to track visitor usage. The software will save a cookie to your computers hard drive in order to track and monitor your engagement and usage of the website but will not store, save or collect personal information. You can read Google's privacy policy here for further information [http://www.google.com/privacy.html ].
Contact & Communication
customers contacting this website and/or it's owners do so at their own discretion and provide any such personal details requested at their own risk. Your personal information is kept private and stored securely until a time it is no longer required or has no use, as detailed in the Data Protection Act 1998. Every effort has been made to ensure a safe and secure form to email submission process but advise users using such form to email processes that they do so at their own risk.
Your details are not passed on to any third parties.