http://www.sqlpass.org/termsofuse.aspx
Home PASS Pro PASS Blog Sign InSign up for free
Terms Of Use
Terms Of Use
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING LEGAL INFORMATION BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE.
The terms and conditions set forth herein apply to all content of this website. By accessing or using the website, you agree to be bound by these Terms of Use.
Participation and Conduct
Full use of the PASS website and access to online offerings requires that you create an account by providing PASS with information such as your name, job function, job title, city, country, valid email address, and technologies and/or databases that you use to help PASS better provide educational content and learning opportunities that will be valuable to you as a member. You are expected to create a strong password to support the security of your account Your password should be no less than eight characters.
To keep this website attractive and useful for all users:
Respect other visitors to this site. Feel free to express yourself, but do not do anything to injure or harm 	others. Users are expected to exercise both common sense and courtesy in the messages they transmit from 	this site. Defamatory, obscene and other offensive communications are not acceptable forms of 	communication over this site and could lead to legal liability for those engaging in such improper 	communication.
Do not use this site for anything that might be illegal. This site may not be used to encourage anything to do with illegal drugs, gambling, pornography, prostitution, robbery, spreading computer viruses, cracking into private computer forums, software infringement, trafficking in credit card codes, or other crimes.
Do not use this site to defame or disparage a member of PASS or any other person.
Do not use this site to communicate with competitors about prices, terms of service or otherwise communicate in any way that may violate the any applicable anti-trust laws.
Do not upload or distribute files subject to trademark, copyright or other proprietary rights except with the express consent of the owner of the rights.
Do not use this site to violate any rules of membership in PASS. Rules of membership are outlined within the PASS Bylaws.
Respect the security of this site. Do not try to gain access to private areas. PASS reserves the right to deny access to anyone who violates these Terms of Use, or who, in our judgement, interferes with the ability of other users to enjoy the website. PASS also reserves the right (without any obligation to do so) to delete, move, block, or edit any content that we consider unacceptable or inappropriate, whether for legal or other reasons.
Copyright and Trademarks
All material posted on this site is subject to copyrights owned by PASS. PASS hereby provides limited permission for the user of this site to reproduce, retransmit, or reprint for such users own personal use (and for such personal use only) part or all of any document on this site as long as the copyright notice and permission notice contained in such document or portion thereof is included in such reproduction, retransmission or reprinting. All other reproductions, retransmission, or reprinting of all or any part of any document found on the site is expressly prohibited, unless PASS has expressly granted its prior written consent to so reproduce, retransmit or reprint the material. All other rights are reserved.
The names, trademarks, service marks and logos of PASS appearing on this site may not be used in any advertising or publicity, or otherwise to indicate PASS sponsorship of, or affiliation with, any product or service, without PASS’s written permission.
Liability
PASS is providing information and services on this site as a benefit and service in furtherance of its not-for-profit purposes. PASS makes no representations about the suitability of this information and these services for any purpose.
PASS does not exert editorial control over the materials that are posted by third parties onto this site or materials that are emailed by third parties to any other persons. PASS is not responsible for any material posted by any third party. PASS specifically disclaims any and all liability for any claims or damages which may result from any postings by third parties.
PASS is not liable for any loss or damages caused by your failure to maintain the confidentiality of your account credentials. Please contact helpdesk if you discover or suspect any security breach related to your PASS account.
Indemnity
As a condition of participation in the site, you agree that PASS will not be responsible to you for any indirect, consequential, special or punitive damages or losses you may incur in connection with visiting this site or any other data or other materials transmitted through or residing on this site, even if PASS has been advised of the possibility of such damage or loss. In addition, you agree to defend and indemnify liabilities, losses, costs and expenses (including reasonable attorney’s fees) relating to any acts or omissions by you for materials or information transmitted by you leading wholly or partially to claims against PASS.
Please review PASS’ Privacy Policy, which governs the protection and use of any personal information PASS may obtain. The full Privacy Policy is available here.
Governance
Board of Directors
Board Meeting Minutes
Financials
Policies
Privacy Policy
Terms Of Use
Data Protection
Elections
Nominations Committee
Back to Top
cage-aids
cage-aids
cage-aids
cage-aids