http://www.hyperion.com/legal/privacy/marketing-cloud-data-cloud-privacy-policy.html#adchoices
Oracle and Hyperion
home
nav
Oracle
Close
Search
Search
Products
Resources
Support
Events
View AccountsSign In
Back
Oracle Account
Sign-In
Create an Account
Help
Sign Out
Cloud Account
Sign in to Cloud
Sign Up for Cloud Free Tier
No results found
Your search did not match any results.
We suggest you try the following to help find what you’re looking for:
Check the spelling of your keyword search.
Use synonyms for the keyword you typed, for example, try “application” instead of “software.”
Try one of the popular searches shown below.
Start a new search.
Trending Questions
Close
About Oracle
Strategic Acquisitions
Oracle and Hyperion
Oracle Buys Hyperion
In 2007, Oracle acquired Hyperion, a leading provider of performance management software. The transaction extends Oracle's business intelligence capabilities to offer the most comprehensive system for enterprise performance management.
Over the past few years, Oracle has significantly reoriented our business intelligence product strategy, shifting our focus from offering a solution that works for Oracle-only environments towards offering a best-of-breed business intelligence and performance management product family that will work with heterogeneous information sources in an enterprise, both Oracle and non-Oracle.
The acquisition of Hyperion extends our business intelligence product strategy. Customers are increasingly using performance management and business intelligence together. Hyperion adds complementary products to Oracle's business intelligence offerings including a leading
enterprise planning solution, world-class financial close and reporting
products, and a powerful multi-source OLAP server. Coupled with Oracle's BI tools and pre-packaged analytic applications, the combination redefines business intelligence and performance management by providing the first integrated, end-to-end Enterprise Performance Management System that spans planning, financial close, operational analytic applications, BI tools, reporting, and data integration, all on a unified BI platform.
After the acquisition, we introduced a new product family called Oracle Business Intelligence Enterprise Edition Plus. This integrated suite includes all of the Oracle and Hyperion reporting and analysis tools.
Since 2007, we have released
new versions of the Oracle Enterprise Performance Management System, which include continued
innovations and capabilities to improve business insights and decision-making.
In 2010, we released Oracle Business Intelligence 11g, which provides the most complete and integrated suite of BI tools in the market.
Read the press release
Support for Hyperion products
Information for Customers and Partners
Learn more about what the combination of Oracle and Hyperion means for our customers (PDF)
Learn more about what the combination of Oracle and Hyperion means for our partners (PDF)
Direct questions and inquiries to hyperionpartners_ww@oracle.com
Product Information
Oracle Business Intelligence Suite—Enterprise Edition Plus
Oracle Essbase
Oracle Hyperion Data Relationship Management
Oracle User Group
Join Oracle's most active, informed and satisfied customers participating in 450 users groups worldwide. Don't miss the opportunity to network, share experiences and best practices, get the latest news from Oracle and the user community, and provide input on products and services. Join a users group today!
For information about how you can become a member visit https://community.oracle.com/community/usergroups.
Check in often to User Group Center online for up-to-date users group information.
Direct inquiries to oracleusergroup_ww@oracle.com.
Support, Services, and Sales
Hyperion customers and partners: Please use your existing contacts for professional services and sales.
Crystal Ball
Crystal Ball customers and partners: Please use your existing contacts for professional support, services, and sales.
To learn more about Crystal Ball, visit http://www.oracle.com/crystalball/
Learn More
See all acquisitions
Resources for
Developers
Startups
Students and Educators
Partners
Oracle PartnerNetwork
Find a Partner
Log in to OPN
Solutions
Artificial Intelligence
Internet of Things
Blockchain
What’s New
Oracle’s response to COVID-19
Java SE Downloads
Try Oracle Cloud Free Tier
Contact Us
US Sales: +1.800.633.0738
How can we help?
Subscribe to emails
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
YouTube
Oracle
Integrated Cloud Applications & Platform Services
© 2020 Oracle
Site Map
Privacy/Do Not Sell My Info
Country/Region
Ad Choices
Careers