http://www.eolsoft.com/privacy.html
Eolsoft.com - Privacy Policy
Software
Winmail Opener
Flash Movie Player
Registry Jumper
Download
Contact
Simple is better...
en
es
de
fr
nl
it
pl
pt
ar
jp
ko
cn
tw
Privacy Policy
Our clients and contacts are important to us and we respect your privacy.
This Privacy Policy outlines how Eolsoft uses information gathered from you and through our website.
1. Information Collection
Eolsoft may collect information from our users at several different points on the site. Eolsoft is the sole owner of the information collected on Eolsoft website (https://www.eolsoft.com).
If you use our website for informational purposes only, i. e. if you do not register, leave ratings or otherwise provide us with information, we only collect the personal Data that your browser transmits to our server. If you wish to view our websites, we collect the following Data, which are technically necessary in order for us to display our websites to you and to guarantee stability and security:
IP-address,
Date and time of the request,
Content of the request (specific site/page),
Access status/HTTP-status code,
Respective data amount transferred,
Website that the request is coming from,
Browser,
Server Log Files,
Operating system and its interface,
Language and version of the browser software.
2. Cookies
In addition to the data mentioned previously, Eolsoft may use cookies. A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's computer tied to information about the user. We may use both session ID cookies and persistent cookies. For the session ID cookie, once users close the browser, the cookie simply terminates. A persistent cookie is a small text file stored on the user's hard drive for an extended period of time. Persistent cookies can be removed by following Internet browser help file directions.
3. Third Party Cookies
Some of our business partners (Google, for example) may use cookies on our site. Eolsoft has no access to or control over these cookies, once we have given permission for them to set cookies for advertising. This privacy statement covers the use of cookies by Eolsoft only and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Google's use of advertising cookies enables it and its partners to serve ads to you based on your current and prior visits to Eolsoft website and/or other sites on the Internet. You may opt out of personalized advertising by visiting Ads Settings: https://www.google.com/settings/ads.
You can view the full Google Adsense Privacy Policy at https://www.google.com/policies/technologies/ads/
4. Third-party Analytics
We may use third-party analytics services, such as Google Analytics, to evaluate your use of the site, compile reports on activity,
collect demographic data, analyze performance metrics, and collect and evaluate other information related to the site.
Google Analytics is a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. Google Analytics places cookies on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site.
You can opt-out from Google Analytics service from using your information by installing the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser tool: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
You can read the full Google Analytics privacy policy at https://www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html
5. Log Files
Like most standard Web site servers we use log files. These include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks.
We use this information to analyze trends, administer the site, track user movement in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use.
IP addresses, etc. are not linked to personally identifiable information. We may use a tracking utility that uses log files to analyze user movement.
6. Legal Disclaimer
Though we make every effort to preserve user privacy, Eolsoft may need to disclose personal information when required by law wherein we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process.
7. Links
Eolsoft contains links to other sites. Please be aware that Eolsoft is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every Web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by Eolsoft.
8. Notification of Changes
Whenever Eolsoft changes its privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, and other places we deem appropriate.
9. Contact Information
If you have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, please contact Eolsoft using our Contact Form.
Copyright © 2005-2020 Eolsoft. All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions | Site map