http://www.ikmnet.com/privacy-policy
Client Login
Request a Quote
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy covers TeckChek, Inc.© (d/b/a, and hereinafter referred to as, IKM TeckChek) websites. To demonstrate our full commitment to the privacy of our users, we disclose the following information.
What personally identifiable information IKM TeckChek collects.
What personally identifiable information third parties collect through the website.
What organization collects the information.
How IKM TeckChek uses the information.
With whom IKM TeckChek may share user information.
What choices are available to users regarding collection, use, and distribution of the information.
What types of security procedures are in place to protect the loss, misuse, or alteration of information under IKM TeckChek control.
How users can correct any inaccuracies in the information or have information deleted.
Information Collection and Use
IKM TeckChek is the sole owner of the information collected on our website. IKM TeckChek collects information at several different points on our website(s).
Website visitor information is collected for the purpose of follow up by sales or support staff, only when the visitor initiates an inquiry through our Contact Us function. In such a case, the visitor must provide unique identifiers (name, email address, etc.).
Client, Client user, and Test Taker information is collected to enable IKM TeckChek to bill for the purchased services and to administer assessments. Clients and Client users must provide unique identifiers (name, login information or other id, and email address).
Test Taker information is entered by the Client user to schedule the Test Taker for an assessment and to retrieve the test results. Client users must provide the Test Taker name and email address for tests scheduled through an email notification. For Test Takers, the IP address through which they access the assessment is also collected.
We do not use personal information to make automated decisions. We retain personal information for as long as a Client is actively engaging our services or for shorter periods of time, as specified by the Client.
Cookies
A cookie is a small piece of data that is sent from a website while the user is browsing, stored on the user’s computer, and is tied to information about the user. Our website uses cookies during assessment sessions. For the session ID cookie: when the user closes the browser, the cookie terminates.
A persistent cookie is a small text file stored on the user’s hard drive for an extended period of time. Persistent cookies are used to keep track of language and credentials. Persistent cookies can be removed by following Internet browser help file directions.
Use the links below for information about your browser and the use of cookies.
Firefox Privacy Notice
Google Chrome Privacy Notice
Internet Explorer privacy statement
Microsoft Edge, browsing data, and privacy
Opera Privacy Statement
Safari Apple Customer Privacy Policy
Profiles
IKM TeckChek does not create user profiles.
Communications from the Site
IKM TeckChek uses personal contact information to provide improved customer service and to communicate with Clients, Client users, and Test Takers. We may send certain mandatory service communications such as welcome letters, billing reminders, information about technical service issues and security announcements, among several types of communications.
Additionally, with Client permission, we also may occasionally send product surveys or promotional mailings to inform Clients of other products or services available from IKM TeckChek and its affiliates. Clients can opt-out of receiving newsletters or promotional e-mail at any time by following the steps included in the respective newsletter or promotional e-mail.
Sharing Information: Legal Disclaimer
Though we make every effort to preserve user privacy, we may need to disclose personal information when required by law wherein we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary either 1) in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements, or 2) to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process served on our website.
Personally Identifiable Information (PII)
Personally-identifiable information is not shared with any third parties.
Aggregate Information (not personally-identifiable)
Aggregate information is used in the preparation of comparison reports.
Data Security
IKM TeckChek has physical security in our facilities to protect against the loss, misuse, or alteration of information. Our company uses secure encryption technology (secure socket connection) for all data transmitted on our site.
Correcting/Updating/Deleting/Deactivating Personal Information
If a Client or Client user needs to correct or update personal information, or no longer requires our services and wants their personal information changed or deleted, then they can contact us using any method shown in the Contact Information section of this policy. If a Test Taker wants their personal information updated or deleted, we will update or delete the information as well as notify the Client who scheduled the Test Taker for the assessment. Information is deleted by overwriting any personally identifiable information.
Information for Individuals
IKM TeckChek defines “data” as: Client Test Administrator credentials as provided by our Clients to access the IKM system, Test Taker credentials to complete scheduled assessments, and the result reports of scored assessments. Our Clients own their Test Taker test data.
Explicit Consent
IKM TeckChek has always had privacy disclosures and consent messages for Test Takers which outline how their personal data will be used. We also require the Test Taker to provide explicit consent, agreeing to take a test.
Right to Access
IKM TeckChek product offerings allow the Client to log in at any time to view the data being stored within their account.
Right to be Forgotten
Client data in IKM TeckChek product offerings will be anonymized or deleted upon receipt of a Client or Test Taker request to do so (except when we are required by law to retain data for compliance purposes).
Data Portability
IKM TeckChek allows Clients to export their Test Taker profiles, if desired, for portability to another provider / service.
Data Protection
IKM TeckChek has always, and will continue to, followed industry best practices for the safeguarding and protection of personal data and system data. These include technical security controls, physical and environmental controls, policy, and organizational controls, as well as ongoing auditing, vulnerability management, and ongoing risk assessments to help identify new threats.
Data Subject Rights
In addition to the items in the previous section, IKM TeckChek provides easy-to-access information via our website’s privacy policy about an individual’s right to access any personal information that IKM TeckChek processes and to request information about themselves. We provide full disclosure to the items in the list below.
What personal data we hold about an individual.
What we do with the data.
The categories of personal data.
The recipients to whom the personal data has been/will be disclosed.
How long we intend to store an individual’s personal data.
If we did not collect the data directly from the individual, then information about the source is shared.
The right to have incomplete or inaccurate data about them corrected or completed, and the request process for this.
The right to request erasure of personal data (where applicable) or to restrict processing in accordance with data protection laws, as well as to object to any direct marketing from us and to be informed about any automated decision-making that we use.
The right to lodge a complaint or seek judicial remedy and who to contact in such instances.
GDPR Compliance
The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) (EU) is a regulation in EU law on data protection and privacy for all individuals within the European Union. It also addresses the export of personal data outside the EU. The GDPR aims primarily to give control to citizens and residents over their personal data and to simplify the regulatory environment for international business by unifying the regulation within the EU. GDPR became enforceable on May 25, 2018.
IKM TeckChek is committed to global compliance, data protection, and privacy rights. As a result, we have taken several steps to be compliant with the GDPR as a company that operates as both a data controller and data processor. We have obtained certification under the joint EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework governing personal data transfer between the EU and U.S and adhere to the Privacy Shield Principles. A link to our GDPR Compliance document is located on the Home page of the IKM TeckChek website.
EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Compliance
IKM TeckChek complies with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Union to the United States. IKM TeckChek has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification, please visit their website.
In compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles, IKM TeckChek commits to resolve complaints about our collection or use of your personal information. EU individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our Privacy Shield policy should first contact IKM TeckChek at:
EU Main Office Details: Doreen Nicholas (dnicholas@ikmnet.com)
Southbridge House, Southbridge Place, Croydon, Surrey, CR0 4HA, UK
+44 (0)20 8401 1188
+44 (0)20 8240 4488
IKM TeckChek has further committed to refer unresolved Privacy Shield complaints to the International Centre for Dispute Resolution (ICDR), the international division of the American Arbitration Association (AAA), an alternative dispute resolution provider located in the United States. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your complaint to your satisfaction, you may contact the ICDR by phone at +1 (212) 484-4181, or by visiting their website for more information or to file a complaint.
Accountability for Onward Transfer
Where IKM TeckChek is responsible for the processing of personal data it receives under the Privacy Shield Framework, and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf, IKM TeckChek complies with the Privacy Shield Principles for all onward transfers of personal data from the EU.
With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the Privacy Shield Framework, IKM TeckChek is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. In certain situations, IKM TeckChek may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third-party dispute resolution provider, the American Arbitration Association, via their website.
Under certain conditions, more fully described on the Privacy Shield website, you may be entitled to invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted.
Changes to the Privacy Statement
The information submitted to us is controlled by the privacy policy in effect at the time of submission. If we significantly change our policy, we will post a notice in a conspicuous place on our website notifying visitors and customers of policy changes.
Resolving Privacy Policy Disputes
If you think we have not followed our privacy policy in some way, please contact our Data Protection Officer, Ilene Rothman, at +1 (732) 257-3993 ext. 103.
Contact Information
Use the following information to contact us if you have any questions or concerns about our privacy policy.
TeckChek, Inc.
77 Milltown Rd., Ste. C4
East Brunswick, New Jersey 08816
USA
Email: techsupport@ikmnet.com
Phone: +1 (732) 257-3993