http://www.datacapture.co.uk/privacy
Our Privacy Policy
Home
Privacy
Privacy PolicyData Capture Solutions Ltd (DCS) recognise that individuals with whom we conduct business value their privacy. However, in order to conduct global business in this increasingly electronic economy, the collection of personal information is often necessary and desirable.It is DCS's goal to balance the benefits of e-commerce with the right of individuals to prevent the misuse of their personal information. DCS are fully registered with the Data Protection Agency and therefore process any personal details in accordance with their current UK legislation.The Collection of Personal InformationIn some circumstances, DCS may request personal information from you, such as your name, e-mail address, company name or telephone number. Your response to these enquiries is strictly voluntary.At seminars and other events in which we host, present, participate or exhibit, we sometimes collect 'work persona' data on paper (eg name, job title, company, work email address). These details are imported electronically for contact purposes, and the paper copies securely destroyed within 2 working days.You might have these other questions in mind:Will I be contacted for marketing purposes?In general, you can visit our site without divulging any personal information. The information provided to us will be used for purposes such as alerting you to products and services that can assist you in your business and assisting in order processing. The information you provide will be used to communicate with you regarding new product launches, inviting you to our quarterly events and sharing any other promotions and offers.If you don’t want it, you can stop it. Any marketing communication you receive will always include a clear, simple option to refuse, or ‘opt-out’ of such future communications.Will DCS share my information with anyone else?In cases where we believe your business interests will be best served, DCS may share your information (with the exception of account, credit card and ordering information) with our business partners, who can alert you about new products and services to improve your competitive edge.If you prefer not to receive selective marketing information from any of our business partners, please contact them directly to request removal from their contact list.Can I find out what personal information DCS holds on me?Yes of course, under the new GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation) you can request a copy of personal information that DCS holds for you. There will be an administration fees of £10 associated with the request and we will require two pieces of identification to prove your identity. You can email your requests or if any of the personal information that we hold about you is incorrect, you can contact us at info@dcs.co.uk and we will update your details as soon as practically possible.Collecting Domain InformationDCS also collects domain information (e.g. IP address and referring URL's) as part of its analysis of the use of this site. This data enables us to become more familiar with which customers visit our site, how often they visit and what parts of the site they visit most often. We use this information to improve our web-based offerings. This information is collected automatically and requires no action on your part.Use of CookiesSome pages on this site use "cookies," which are small files that the site places on your hard drive for identification purposes. These files are used for site registration and customisation the next time you visit us.A cookie is a piece of data that a website can send to your browser, which may then be stored on your computer as an anonymous tag that identifies your computer but not you.You should note that cookies cannot read data off of your hard drive.Your web browser may allow you to be notified when you are receiving a cookie, giving you the choice to accept it or not. By not accepting cookies, some pages may not fully function and you may find it harder to access certain information on this site.DCS reserves the right to change, modify or update this statement at any time without notice in order to comply with new practices, regulations or the general law.
Back to top