http://www.resolume.com/company/privacy
Resolume Privacy Policy
Resolume B.V. values the privacy of its customers and observes due care in processing and protecting personal data.
We conform to the requirements of the applicable data protection legislation.This means we:
clearly specify our purposes before we process personal data, by using this Privacy Statement;
limit our collection of personal data to only the personal data needed for legitimate purposes;
first ask for explicit permission to process your personal data in cases where your permission is required;
take appropriate security measures to protect your personal data and we demand the same from parties who process personal data on our behalf;
respect your right to inspect, correct or delete your personal data held by us.
Resolume B.V. is the party responsible for all data processing. In this privacy statement, we will explain which personal data we collect and for which purposes.
This privacy statement was last amended on 18-02-2018.
Use of Personal Data
By using our service, you are providing certain data to us. This could be personal data. We only retain and use the personal data provided directly by you or for which it is clear that it has been supplied to us to be processed.
We use the following data for the purposes as mentioned in this Privacy Statement:
Name and address
Telephone number
Billing address
Email address
Payment details
IP address
Your hardware
Handling Your Order
We will use your personal data when handling your order. In order to process your payment, we can provide your data to third parties. Resolume does not store your credit card information.
Promotion
We can inform you about new products or services by e-mail.
Contact Form and Newsletter
We have a newsletter to inform those interested of our products and/or services. Each newsletter contains a link with which to unsubscribe from our newsletter. Your email address will be added to the list of subscribers automatically.
If you fill out a contact form or send us an email, the data you provide will be retained for as long as is necessary depending on the nature of the form or the content of your email, to fully answer and correctly handle your message or email.
Publication
We will not publish your customer data.
Software Registration
When you register Resolume with your serial number anonymous information about your computer hardware is stored. Resolume will periodically check the validity of your registration.
Providing Data to Third Parties
Your data are expressly not provided to any third parties. With the exception of the parties mentioned in this privacy policy.
Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics to track visitors on our website and to get reports about how visitors use the website. We accepted the data processing agreement from Google. We don’t allow Google to use information obtained by Analytics for other Google services, and we anonymize the IP-adresses.
Footage Artists
The artists who create the footage sold on the Resolume website are payed based on royalties. The royalties reports contain customer name and address.
Security
We take security measures to reduce misuse of and unauthorised access to personal data. We take the following measures in particular:
Access to personal data requires the use of a user name and password
We make use of secure connections (Secure Sockets Layer of SSL) to encrypt all information between you and our website when entering your personal data
We keep logs of all requests for personal data
Linked Websites
This statement is not applicable to third-party websites connected to this website through links.
Changes to this Privacy Statement
We reserve the right to modify this statement. We recommend that you consult this statement on a regular basis, so that you remain informed of any changes.
Inspection and Modification of your Data
You can always contact us if you have any questions regarding our privacy policy or wish to review, modify or delete your personal data.
Contact information
Resolume B.V.
Zwaardstraat 16
2584 TX Den Haag
mail@resolume.com