http://www.xsb.com/privacy
Skip to main content
Privacy & Security
XSB takes the security of our customers’ personal information seriously. When you communicate with us, use the xsb.com website, or other XSB domains, products or services (collectively “Services”), we may collect information about you to help us serve you.
In this Privacy Policy, we describe the sources and types of information we may collect, how we use it, when it may be shared with others, and how we safeguard against disclosure of any personal information that could lead to the unauthorized use of your account or to identity theft. By continuing to access and use this website, you acknowledge your understanding and acceptance of our Privacy Policy.
Personal Information:
XSB is committed to appropriately managing any personal information you share with us when using our Services. Personal information means information that can be used to identify an individual, such as a first and last name, a home or work or other physical address, telephone number, email address, or other identifiable information (collectively, “Personal Information”). You will be prompted whenever we need to collect Personal Information or other data that allows us to contact you. You always have the option NOT to provide this information over the Internet.
We will use the Personal Information you provide to perform the function for which you provide it. For example, if you are applying for access to an XSB Service, we use that Personal Information to assess your eligibility. If you are requesting information from us, we use that Personal Information to respond to your inquiry and provide you with the requested support.
Passive Data Collection:
Various tools and techniques are used to gather and analyze visits to this website and user sessions in order to improve your experience. One of the ways we gather information about customer visits is through cookies. Some of XSB’s websites and Services may utilize cookies, tags, or other tracking technologies. A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a user’s computer, and that the user’s browser provides to the website each time the user submits a query to the website. A tag is code embedded in a web page, or email, that allows XSB or a third-party to see that you have looked at that page and what specific features within the page you may have used.
We use cookies and tags to enable our servers to recognize your web browser and tell us how and when you use our website and Services. Our cookies do not, by themselves, contain information that could personally identify you, and we don’t combine the general information collected through cookies with other information to tell us who you are. However, we do use cookies to identify that you have logged in and that your web browser has accessed an XSB website or Service. We may also store unique identifiers that we associate with your Account.
XSB also uses analytics tools and other third-party technologies, such as Google Analytics, to collect website usage and user metrics on our online websites and Services.
Note: If you would prefer not to accept cookies or otherwise wish to disable our use of tracking technologies, most browsers and mobile devices allow you to change your settings so as to notify you when you receive cookies or other tracking technologies are being used, and to choose whether or not to accept/allow them. Most browsers also allow you to disable or delete existing cookies or to automatically reject future cookies. Disabling cookies may limit your ability to use the website and other XSB Services.
Children Under Thirteen:
This website and XSB’s Services are not intended for use by anyone under the age of 18. XSB does not knowingly collect, either online or offline, Personal Information from persons under the age of thirteen. If You are under 18, You may use the Sites only with permission of a parent or guardian.
Location Information:
In some cases, we collect and store information about where you are located, such as by converting your IP Address into a rough geolocation. We may use location information to improve and personalize our Services for you.
Protecting Your Personal Information:
Consistent with industry standards, and security best practices, XSB, Inc. has established strict security measures to safeguard your personal information from unauthorized access, disclosure, loss, misuse, or alteration. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be secure. As a result, while we strive to protect the Personal Information of our users and visitors, we cannot guarantee the security of any information transmitted to or from our website and users do so solely at their own risk.
Information Shared with Third-Parties:
We authorize our employees, agents, service providers and contractors to receive Personal Information only when it is required for them to perform work for us. We never share information we receive from you unless: (a) we have your permission to share that information; (b) we have given you prior notice that the information will be shared, and with whom; or (c) that information is aggregate information or other information that does not personally identify you.
We may share Personal Information with third-parties, such as service providers, when it is necessary for the conduct of our business. In such cases, we will have agreements with the third-party service providers under which the providers agree to maintain the confidentiality of your information and to use it only to help us serve you.
We may share or disclose aggregate Information, or other non-personally identifying information with people and entities that we do business with.
Communications:
As part of our Services, you may receive email and other communications from us. Administrative communications relating to your Account are considered part of the Services and your Account; you may not be able to opt-out from receiving these communications.
You may also receive other kinds of emails from us, including News or Product/Service updates. You will always have the choice to opt-out of these communications using the “Opt-Out” link in the emails themselves.
If you provide us with an email address or phone number or choose to communicate with us by email or phone, then emails or phone calls you receive from us will be considered to be sent or made with your consent.
Note: that we will never email you to ask for your password or other Account Information; if you receive such an email, please forward it to us so we can investigate it.
Third-party Websites:
This website may contain links to third-party websites not under our control. XSB is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these websites. Before providing personally identifying information to any third-party website, you should review its specific privacy policy and practices.
Amendments to this Privacy Policy:
We reserve the right to update and change this privacy policy from time to time as necessary; whenever a material change to the privacy policy is made, we will revise the posted policy immediately and will revise the "last updated" date located at the bottom of this page.
Feedback:
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or the security practices of this website, please feel free to contact: info@xsb.com
Updated 23 May 2019