http://www.bcgsoft.com/privacy.htm
BCGSoft > Links > Privacy Statement
BCGSoft Privacy Statement
Personal Information.
In some circumstances, BCGSoft may request personal
information from you, like your name, email address. Your
response to these inquiries is voluntary. BCGSoft uses this
information for business purposes, such as informing you
about product releases or other events that can assist you
in your business or order processing. When a user purchases
an item from our site, some or all of the following personal
information is collected and stored in a secure encrypted
database:
Customer's name
Customer's email addresses
Company
Address
Phone
Fax
Purchase date
Licenses number
Amount paid
Payment method (wire transfer to our bank account or
using one of our resellers)
Order ID
The personal data above is used for the following
purposes only:
To process orders
Communicate with you about order status
Inform you about product releases and subscription
status
Internal research such as sales statistics
If you choose payment method differ from wire transfer, we
don't pass any personal information except a total amount to
our resellers.
If you wish to receive your personal information stored
in our databases, please send request to our Sales
Department (sales@bcgsoft.com)
and we'll provide you with the required XML
file within one business day.
If you wish to remove all your personal information from
all our databases, please send request to our Sales
Department (sales@bcgsoft.com)
and we'll delete your personal data within one business day
and notify you about this. For the security reason, you've to send the requests above
from your original (used in the purchasing process) email
address.
Security of personal information.
BCGSoft uses a shared hosting solution for customer
relationship management. All personal data is stored in
encrypted format in data center located in the USA. This
data center is having SSAE 16, SOC II Type II certification
which is audited every year. All personal data entered by
user and/or viewed on the site are protected by 256-bit SSL
encryption. Only authorized employees may access the
customer’s personal information. In the event of a data
breach, BCGSoft will inform all customers about this
incident.
Forum.
If you’re using our Forum, please be aware that any information
you submit there is public and can be read and collected by any other forum visitors
(both registered users and forum guests). If you wish to delete your personal information
such as name or signature from our Forum, please send request to our Sales Department
(sales@bcgsoft.com)
and we'll delete your personal data within one business day and notify you about this.
Domain information and statistics.
BCGSoft automatically collects information about
visitors and site activities. The information is stored on
an aggregate basis and used to improve its Web-based and
business offerings.
Disclosure to third parties.
Any information collected from you will not be sold,
rented or disclosed in any way to any third parties. In some
circumstances, we may ask your permission to use your
personal information for business purposes.
Contacting You.
Sometimes we send you email messages in order to inform
you about new products, available updates to existing
products or other information you may find valuable for your
business. You can decide not to receive emails from us and
unsubscribe from our mailing list. However, unsubscribing
process is not immediate. We may also contact you for
administrative purposes despite the fact that you
unsubscribed from the mailing list.
Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies.
Some of our web pages utilize cookies and other tracking
technologies. Tracking technologies may record information
such as Internet domain, host names, Internet protocol (IP)
addresses. All information recorded by cookies or tracking
technologies is used to improve our Web site and in
administrative purposes only.
Consent.
By using this Web site, you consent to the terms of our
Online Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to our Privacy
Policy, please stop using this site.
BCGSoft reserves the right to change, modify or
update this statement at any time without notice. Please,
direct any questions regarding Privacy Statement to
info@bcgsoft.com.