http://www.cybersoft.com/about/legal/
MyCybersoft
Legal
End User License Agreement (EULA)
Combined EULA and Maintenance and Support Agreement
IMPORTANT - - READ CAREFULLY:
This End User License Agreement (“License Agreement”) is a legally enforceable agreement between you (either an
individual or a single entity) (“you” or “LICENSEE”) and CyberSoft Operating Corporation (“CyberSoft”), regarding
the use of the Licensed Software (as defined below) included or supplied with or on, or incorporated into, this
media and/or downloaded by or otherwise provided to you in electronic form or otherwise. By installing or otherwise
using the Licensed Software, you agree to be bound by the terms of this License Agreement. If you do not agree to
the terms of this License Agreement, do not install or use the Licensed Software; however, you may return it to
CyberSoft or the third party distributor, dealer or supplier (“Distributor”) from whom you purchased the Licensed
Software for a full refund.
1. DEFINITIONS:
1.2. “Invoice” means the purchase order, invoice or other documentation pursuant to which you licensed the Licensed
Software.
1.3. “Licensed Software” means (i) CyberSoft’s proprietary software, which may include but is not limited to VFind
Security ToolKit Standard Edition (VSTK), VFind Security ToolKit Turbo (VSTK-T), VFind Security ToolKit Lite (VSTK-L),
VSTK for Windows (VSTK-W), Avatar (Avatar), VFind Security ToolKit Standard Special (VSTK-SS), VFind Security ToolKit
Turbo Special (VSTK-TS), VFind Security ToolKit Lite Special (VSTK-LS), VSTK for Windows Special (VSTK-WS), Avatar
Special (Avatar-S), VFind VStick SysAdmin (VSTICK-S), VFind VStick Financial (VSTICK-F) and/or other CyberSoft-branded
products, as applicable, (ii) the Embedded Programs, (iii) the Updates, and (iv) all documentation, instructions, manuals,
diagrams and other materials, in whatever medium or format, pertaining to the foregoing.
1.4. “System” means a single computer system with one or more cpu processors sharing a common motherboard or backplane
(but in no event shall a network constitute a motherboard or backplane hereunder).
1.5. “Updates” means any virus definition updates, hash codes and/or product updates/upgrades included in the Support
Services as solely determined by CyberSoft.
1.6. “Users” means all persons or entities gaining access to the Licensed Software by or through you and/or any of your
Systems.
1.7. ”Maintenance” means Upgrades that are included in the Support Services as solely determined by CyberSoft.
1.8. “Support” means a reasonable amount of contact by email, postal mail, courier delivery, in-person, fax, telephone
or other communications medium. Reasonable shall be determined solely by CyberSoft. CyberSoft reserves the right to
discontinue support to any individual, without cause or notice. In addition, CyberSoft solely reserves the right to limit
the number of individuals who may contact CyberSoft for Support.
1.9. “Modified Support” means a reasonable, limited and restricted amount of contact by email, postal mail, courier delivery,
in-person, fax, telephone or other communications medium. Reasonable shall be determined solely by CyberSoft. Limited is
defined as 30 calendar days from the date of the CyberSoft Invoice. After the 30 calendar day period Modified-Support is
only available by means of email and only for the term of the contact as determined by the CyberSoft Invoice. Verbal
communications is not available after the initial 30-day period. Restricted is defined as topic restrictions as determined
solely by CyberSoft on a case-by-case basis. Determination of Restricted on one case does not influence the determination of
Restricted on any other case and can be modified without notice by CyberSoft. CyberSoft reserves the right to discontinue support
to any individual, without cause or notice. In addition, CyberSoft solely reserves the right to limit the number of individuals
who may contact CyberSoft for Modified-Support.
2. LICENSE GRANTED:
2.1. Subject to the conditions herein, CyberSoft hereby grants to you, as LICENSEE, a non-transferable, non-exclusive, limited
license to use the Licensed Software in machine-readable form on one System (the “License”) located at the site, if any, designated
in the Invoice (the “Designated Site”). The License granted herein is subject to all further restrictions as set forth in the Invoice.
You shall cause all Users to comply with the terms of this License Agreement and shall be liable for all acts and omissions of such
Users. No license, right or interest in any trademark, trade name or service mark of CyberSoft is granted under this License.
2.2. You may use the Licensed Software solely for your own internal use. Any other use of the Licensed Software (including without
limitation timesharing, rental, facility management or service bureau usage) is strictly prohibited.
2.3. Except as otherwise set forth in the Invoice or as agreed by Cybersoft in writing, you may not sell, lease, assign, sublicense
or otherwise transfer, in whole or in part, this License Agreement, the License, the Licensed Software and other CyberSoft-provided
materials, or any licenses or rights granted hereunder; provided, however, that (a) if the Licensed Software is licensed for the
express purpose of integration into a larger system, Licensee is permitted to sublicense the Licensed Software solely as part of such
system (and not as a stand-alone product) subject to all other terms and conditions hereof, (b) if Licensee is a dealer or reseller
of software and is licensing the Licensed Software for the express purpose of resale, Licensee may sublicense the Licensed Software
to its customers subject to all other terms and conditions hereof (including, without limitation, that such customers may not
sublicense the Licensed Software), and (c) transfer to the United States Government as a designated end user when part of a turnkey
system is expressly permitted, subject to Section 12 hereof on U.S. Government Restricted Rights.
2.4. The License granted hereunder is for the object code version of the Licensed Software only. You shall not, and shall not permit
anyone under your direction or control to, reverse engineer, disassemble or de-compile the Licensed Software or attempt to do so.
LICENSEE may not modify, adapt, translate or create derivative works of the Licensed Software without CyberSoft’s express written consent;
provided, however, that if the Licensed Software is licensed for the express purpose of integration into a larger system, Licensee is
permitted to do so. The Licensed Software is licensed as a single product. Embedded Programs may be used only for purposes of (i) running
the Licensed Software, and (ii) extracting data from the Licensed Software for use with other programs. Embedded Programs may not be used
for purposes of application development, modification or customization, or running programs other than the Licensed Software.
2.5. LICENSEE may make a reasonable number of copies of the Licensed Software for backup and archival purposes only, and must include on
all copies of the Licensed Software all copyright, government restricted rights and other proprietary notices or legends included on or
in the Licensed Software as provided to LICENSEE.
2.6. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, LICENSEE’s access to and use of the Embedded Programs shall be and remain subject to
all third party and/or open source licenses applicable to such Embedded Programs, and LICENSEE shall comply with same.
2.7. LICENSEE shall be solely responsible for ensuring that performance of its obligations and exercise of its rights (including without
limitation its use of the Licensed Software) under this License Agreement comply with all applicable federal, state, local and
international laws, rules, regulations and orders (collectively, “Laws”), including without limitation all present and future laws and
regulations relating to protection of intellectual property and privacy.
3. DELIVERY, INSTALLATION, ACCEPTANCE AND RISK OF LOSS:
If CyberSoft delivers the Licensed Software on CD-ROM or other tangible media, (i) CyberSoft shall deliver the Licensed Software to a
common carrier, (ii) LICENSEE assumes all risk of loss or damage upon delivery of the Licensed Software by CyberSoft to the common carrier,
and (iii) acceptance shall occur upon delivery of the Licensed Software by CyberSoft to the common carrier. In all other cases, acceptance
shall occur immediately upon installation of the Licensed Software by LICENSEE. LICENSEE shall be solely responsible for installation of
the Licensed Software.
4. SUPPORT SERVICES:
4.1. Limited to the products identified with the part numbers VSTK, VSTK-T, VSTK-L, VSTK-W, and AVATAR, for a period of twelve (12)
months following the Invoice date, CyberSoft will provide to you, free of charge, Maintenance and Support services related to the Licensed
Software as further described at www.cybersoft.com/purchase/prices (“Support Services”). Licensees desiring extended Support Services may
purchase same at the www.cybersoft.com. All terms and conditions of this License Agreement will apply.
4.2. Limited to the products identified with the part numbers VSTK-SS, VSTK-LS, VSTK-WS, VSTK-TS, AVATAR-S, VSTICK-S and VSTICK-F,
for a period of time specified in the CyberSoft Invoice, CyberSoft will provide to you, free of charge, Maintenance and Modified-
Support services related to the Licensed Software as further described at www.cybersoft.com/purchase/prices (“Support Services”).
In no extent will free services exceed twelve (12) months following the Invoice date. Licensees desiring extended Support Services
may purchase same at the www.cybersoft.com. All terms and conditions of this License Agreement will apply.
4.3. LICENSEE shall be solely responsible for providing all necessary hardware and software to run the Licensed Software and to
obtain the Support Services. All telephone and connection arrangements and charges from LICENSEE’s facility to CyberSoft shall be
LICENSEE’s responsibility.
4.4. Except as otherwise provided in Section 8.1 hereof with respect to the Updates, all Support Services are provided on an “as is”,
“where is” basis, and CyberSoft makes no warranties with respect to such Support Services.
4.5. CyberSoft may, in its sole discretion, require LICENSEE to purchase and/or install certain Updates within a specified time
period after their release, and may modify, suspend or terminate the Support Services, in whole or in part, upon LICENSEE’s failure
to timely do so, without liability or obligation to LICENSEE. Nothing herein shall be construed as requiring CyberSoft to support
more than the most recent release of the Licensed Software.
4.6. Any technical information you provide to CyberSoft as part of the Support Services may be used by CyberSoft for product support
and development; provided, however, that CyberSoft will not use such technical information in a form that personally identifies you.
By providing utility or other programs created by or for you to operate in conjunction with the Licensed Software, you grant CyberSoft
a perpetual, non-exclusive, irrevocable, worldwide, transferable, royal-free, fully paid-up license (with right to sublicense) to use,
reproduce, distribute, display, perform, create derivative works of, and modify the source code and executable code versions of such
programs.
5. TERM AND TERMINATION:
5.1. Limited to the products identified with the part numbers VSTK, VSTK-T, VSTK-L, VSTK-W, and AVATAR, the effective date of this
License shall be the date of the CyberSoft Invoice date or the date of the initial use, whichever is earlier, of the Licensed Software
and its term is perpetual, subject to the termination provisions of this Section 5.
5.2. Limited to the products identified with the part numbers VSTK-SS, VSTK-LS, VSTK-WS, VSTK-TS, AVATAR-S, VSTICK-S and VSTICK-F, the
effective date of this License shall be the CyberSoft Invoice date or the date of the initial use, whichever is earlier, of the Licensed
Software and its term is as specified on the CyberSoft Invoice, subject to the termination provisions of this Section 5. If no term is
specified in the CyberSoft Invoice then the term shall be twelve (12) months from the CyberSoft Invoice date.
5.3. This License will terminate automatically upon your failure to comply with any term of this License Agreement. Upon termination
of this License, you shall discontinue all use of the Licensed Software. In such event, the License and rights granted hereunder
shall expire and you shall have no further rights or access to the Licensed Software.
5.4. CyberSoft may terminate provision of the Support Services at any time, without notice to you, if it ceases to provide such
services to its licensees generally.
6. PAYMENTS:
6.1. In consideration of the License and other rights granted by CyberSoft hereunder, you agree to pay the license fee specified
in the Invoice and/or otherwise imposed by CyberSoft or any Distributor in connection herewith (“License Fees”). Unless otherwise
provided in the Invoice, LICENSEE shall pay all License Fees within thirty (30) days after the date of CyberSoft’s or Distributor’s
invoice therefor.
6.2. All payments shall be made in U.S. currency. Any sum not paid by LICENSEE when due shall bear interest until paid at a rate
of 1.5% per month (18% per annum), or the maximum rate permitted by law, whichever is less. LICENSEE shall be responsible for the
costs, including without limitation, reasonable attorneys’ fees and court costs, incurred by CyberSoft in connection with
CyberSoft’s collection of any past-due amounts under this License Agreement. If LICENSEE is the United States Government,
FAR 52.232-25 PROMPT PAYMENT (OCT. 2003) applies and is incorporated herein by reference, in lieu of the forgoing payment
provisions of this Section 6.2.
6.3. All payments required under Section 6.1 and/or Section 6.2 or otherwise under this License are exclusive of taxes and
you agree to bear and be responsible for the payment of all such taxes (except for taxes based upon CyberSoft’s income) including,
but not limited to, all sales, use, rental receipt, personal property, import and value-added or other taxes which may be levied or
assessed in connection with this License.
7. PROPRIETARY RIGHTS; CONFIDENTIALITY:
7.1. CyberSoft is a licensee of CyberSoft, Inc., the owner of the Licensed Software. As between LICENSEE and CyberSoft, CyberSoft
and its licensors (including but not limited to CyberSoft, Inc.) shall be the sole owners of all patent, copyright, trademark,
trade secret and other proprietary rights in and to the Licensed Software, and all modifications thereto and derivative works
thereof. The Licensed Software is protected under the copyright laws of the United States and equivalent or similar international
laws and treaties, including without limitation, the Berne Convention. CyberSoft and its licensors (including but not limited to
CyberSoft, Inc.) may utilize all ideas, suggestions, feedback, improvements, data, reports or the like that LICENSEE provides to
CyberSoft with respect to the Licensed Software without any obligation to LICENSEE.
7.2. Although copyrighted, the Licensed Software (and Embedded Programs) is unpublished and contains proprietary and confidential
information of CyberSoft and its licensors (including but not limited to CyberSoft, Inc.). LICENSEE agrees to maintain the Licensed
Software (including Embedded Programs) in confidence and to use a reasonable degree of care to protect the confidentiality of the
Licensed Software (and the Embedded Programs).
8. LIMITED WARRANTY:
8.1. CyberSoft warrants the media on which the Licensed Software is provided, if any, to be free from defects in materials and
workmanship for ninety (90) days after delivery. Defective media may be returned for replacement without charge during the ninety
(90) day warranty period unless the media have been damaged by accident or misuse. In addition, CyberSoft warrants, for ninety
(90) days after acceptance, that the unaltered Licensed Software substantially conforms to the documentation that accompanies it
(CyberSoft expressly reserves the right to provide the documentation on the same media as the Licensed Software). Any implied
warranties not effectively disclaimed pursuant to Section 8.3 hereof are limited to the duration of the express warranties stated
in this Section 8.1 NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY HEREIN, THE WARRANTIES SET FORTH IN THIS SECTION 8.1 DO NOT APPLY WITH
RESPECT TO FREE, DEMONSTRATION OR ILLEGALLY OBTAINED COPIES OF THE LICENSED SOFTWARE.
8.2. CyberSoft’s entire liability and your exclusive remedy for breach of the foregoing warranties shall be, at the option of
CyberSoft, repair or replacement of the Licensed Software (or the part thereof that does not meet the warranty), when returned to
CyberSoft or, if repair or replacement is not reasonably practicable (as determined by CyberSoft in its sole discretion) return of
the price paid for such nonconforming portion of the Licensed Software. Your Invoice must accompany any warranty claim. This limited
warranty is void if failure of the Licensed Software has resulted from accident, misuse, misapplication or breach of this License
Agreement. Any replacement software will be warranted for the remainder of the original warranty period or thirty (30) days, whichever
is longer. Outside of the United States, neither these remedies nor any Support Services offered by CyberSoft are available without
proof of purchase from an authorized international source.
8.3. THE EXPRESS LIMITED WARRANTIES SET FORTH IN SECTION 8.1 ARE IN LIEU OF AND, TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW,
CYBERSOFT, ITS DISTRIBUTORS AND LICENSORS (including but not limited to CyberSoft, Inc.) SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIM, ANY AND ALL OTHER
WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF TITLE, NONINFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, WITH REGARD TO THE LICENSED SOFTWARE AND THE PROVISION OF OR FAILURE TO PROVIDE SUPPORT SERVICES. Without
limiting the generality of the foregoing, none of CyberSoft, its Distributors or licensors (including but not limited to CyberSoft, Inc.)
warrant that: (i) operation of any of the Licensed Software shall be uninterrupted or error free, (ii) that functions contained in the
Licensed Software shall operate in combinations which may be selected for use by LICENSEE or meet LICENSEE’s requirements, or (iii)
that the Licensed Software will detect all hacker attacks, viruses, Trojan horses, worms or other software routines or hardware
components designed to permit unauthorized access to or to disable, erase or otherwise harm any software, hardware or data, if
applicable.
8.4. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL CYBERSOFT OR ITS DISTRIBUTORS OR LICENSORS (including but
not limited to CyberSoft, Inc.) BE LIABLE TO LICENSEE, USERS OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE
OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF INCOME, PROFITS, USE OF INFORMATION OR ANY
OTHER PECUNIARY LOSS) ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE LICENSED SOFTWARE OR THE PROVISION OF OR FAILURE TO PROVIDE
SUPPORT SERVICES, EVEN IF CYBERSOFT HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. CYBERSOFT’S AND ITS DISTRIBUTORS’ AND LICENSORS’
(including but not limited to CyberSoft, Inc.’s) ENTIRE LIABILITY WITH RESPECT TO THE LICENSED SOFTWARE, THE SUPPORT SERVICES AND THIS
LICENSE AGREEMENT SHALL BE LIMITED, IN THE AGGREGATE, TO THE LICENSE FEES ACTUALLY PAID BY LICENSEE FOR THE LICENSED SOFTWARE.
9. COPYRIGHT AND TRADEMARK INDEMNIFICATION:
9.1. CyberSoft will defend, at its expense, any action brought against LICENSEE to the extent that it is based on a claim that the
use of the Licensed Software within the scope of the License infringes any United States copyright or trademark. CyberSoft will
indemnify LICENSEE from any costs, damages and fees incurred by LICENSEE which are attributable to such claim, provided that LICENSEE
notifies CyberSoft promptly in writing of the claim. LICENSEE shall permit CyberSoft to defend, compromise or settle the claim and
provide all available information, assistance and authority to enable CyberSoft to do so, provided CyberSoft reimburses LICENSEE for
such activity. LICENSEE shall have no authority to settle any claim on behalf of CyberSoft.
9.2. Should the Licensed Software become or in CyberSoft’s opinion, be likely to become the subject of a claim of infringement of a
U.S. copyright or trademark, CyberSoft may (i) procure for LICENSEE, at no cost to LICENSEE, the right to continue to use the Licensed
Software, (ii) replace or modify the Licensed Software, at no cost to LICENSEE, to make same non-infringing, or (iii) if the right to
continue to use cannot be procured or the Licensed Software cannot be replaced or modified, terminate the License to use such Licensed
Software, remove the Licensed Software, and where a specified License Fee was paid by LICENSEE, grant LICENSEE credit thereon as
depreciated on a straight-line three (3) year basis.
9.3. CyberSoft shall have no liability for any claim of copyright or trademark infringement based on the (i) use of other than the
then latest release of the Licensed Software from CyberSoft, if such infringement could have been avoided by the use of the latest
release of the Licensed Software and such latest version had been made available to LICENSEE, (ii) use or combination of the Licensed
Software with software, hardware or other materials not provided by CyberSoft, or (iii) modifications to the Licensed Software made
by persons other than CyberSoft.
9.4. THIS SECTION 9 STATES THE ENTIRE LIABILITY OF CYBERSOFT AND ITS DISTRIBUTORS AND LICENSORS (including but not limited to
CyberSoft, Inc.) WITH RESPECT TO INFRINGEMENT BY THE LICENSED SOFTWARE OR ANY PART THEREOF AND NONE OF CYBERSOFT, ITS DISTRIBUTORS
OR LICENSORS (including but not limited to CyberSoft, Inc.) SHALL HAVE ANY ADDITIONAL LIABILITY WITH RESPECT TO ANY ALLEGED OR
PROVEN INFRINGEMENT.
10. INDEMNIFICATION BY LICENSEE:
LICENSEE shall defend, indemnify and hold CyberSoft, its Distributors and licensors (including but not limited to CyberSoft,
Inc.) and their respective officers, directors, shareholders, employees, agents and representatives harmless from and against any
losses, liabilities, damages, demands, penalties and expenses (including, without limitation, court costs and attorneys’ fees)
arising out of or in connection with (i) LICENSEE’s or Users’ use of the Licensed Software, or (ii) any breach by LICENSEE, its Users,
employees, agents or contractors of any representation, warranty or covenant of LICENSEE hereunder. Provided, however, if LICENSEE
is the United States Government, the provisions of this Section 10 shall not apply.
11. EXPORT:
LICENSEE shall comply with all export or re-export restrictions and regulations imposed by the government of the United States.
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing and regardless of any disclosure made by LICENSEE to CyberSoft, its Distributors
or licensors (including but not limited to CyberSoft, Inc.) of an ultimate destination of the Licensed Software, LICENSEE shall not
re-export or transfer, whether directly or indirectly, the Licensed Software or any system containing such Licensed Software, to
anyone outside the United States of America without first obtaining a license from the U.S. Department of Commerce or any other agency
or department of the United States Government, as required. The VFind™ Security ToolKit has been approved for export under General
License GTDU, ECCN 5D002C. A special license is required for export to certain countries.
12. U.S. GOVERNMENT RIGHTS:
All CyberSoft products and documentation are commercial in nature. The Licensed Software is “Commercial Computer Software,” as that
term is defined in FAR 2.101. Where Licensee is an agency of the United States Government other than the Department of Defense, the
clause at FAR 52.227-19 COMMERCIAL COMPUTER SOFTWARE (DEC. 2007) applies and is incorporated herein by reference. Except as expressly
provided in FAR 52.227-19, as applicable, the Licensed Software is licensed to United States Government end users with only those
rights as granted to all other end users, according to the terms and conditions contained in this License Agreement. Manufacturer is
CyberSoft Operating Corporation, 1958 Butler Pike, Suite 100, Conshohocken, Pennsylvania 19428, U.S.A.
13. FORCE MAJEURE:
CyberSoft shall not be liable to LICENSEE for any failure or delay caused by events beyond CyberSoft’s reasonable control, including,
without limitation, acts or omissions of LICENSEE or its Users, acts of God, acts of government, acts of war or terrorism, sabotage,
outages suffered by electric utilities, breakdown or damage to machinery, equipment or software, malfunctioning of software, corruption
of data, unavailability of or interruption or delay in the Internet, telecommunications or third party services, failure of third party
software, labor disputes, accidents, shortages of labor, fuel, raw materials or equipment, or technical failures (including, without
limitation, defects in any Embedded Software).
14. GOVERNING LAW:
This License Agreement is made under and shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of
Pennsylvania, United States of America. Any dispute arising out of or in connection with this License Agreement shall be adjudicated
exclusively in the state or federal courts located in Montgomery County, Pennsylvania, and all parties irrevocably consent to
personal jurisdiction and venue therein. Provided, however, if LICENSEE is the United States Government, in lieu of the foregoing,
this License Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the United States of America and the cases decided thereunder; and any
dispute arising out of or in connection with this License Agreement shall be adjudicated in the Court of Federal Claims or the
appropriate Board of Contract Appeals.
15. AMENDMENT:
The terms of this License Agreement may not be amended except in a writing signed by you and an authorized representative of
CyberSoft. For purposes of this Section 15, Frank A. Amabile, COO/President or Peter V. Radatti, CEO/Chairman or a person expressly
designated by either of them in writing shall be an authorized representative of CyberSoft.
16. ENTIRE AGREEMENT:
This License Agreement and the Invoice, if any, constitute the entire agreement between you and CyberSoft with respect to the
subject matter hereof and supersede all prior agreements, oral or written, with respect to the matters contained herein or relating
thereto. In the event of a conflict between the Invoice and this License Agreement, the terms of this License Agreement shall govern.
17. NO WAIVER:
No failure or delay of CyberSoft to exercise any right, power or remedy, or partial exercise of any right, power or remedy, will
preclude any future exercise of any such right, power or remedy. No express waiver or assent by CyberSoft to any default in any
term or condition of this License Agreement shall constitute a waiver or assent to any succeeding default in the same or any other
term or condition hereof.
18. BINDING EFFECT:
This License Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their successors and
permitted assigns. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, the provisions of this License Agreement will not be
construed as conferring any rights on any other persons.
19. SEVERABILITY:
If any provision of this License Agreement will be held illegal, unenforceable, or in conflict with any law of a
federal, state, local or international government having jurisdiction over this License Agreement, the validity of
the remaining portions or provisions hereof will not be affected thereby. IT IS EXPRESSLY UNDERSTOOD AND AGREED
THAT EACH PROVISION OF THIS LICENSE AGREEMENT WHICH PROVIDES FOR A LIMITATION OF LIABILITY, DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES,
INDEMNIFICATION OR EXCLUSION OF DAMAGES OR OTHER REMEDY IS INTENDED TO BE ENFORCED AS SUCH. FURTHER, IT IS EXPRESSLY
UNDERSTOOD AND AGREED THAT IN THE EVENT ANY REMEDY UNDER THIS LICENSE AGREEMENT IS DETERMINED TO HAVE FAILED OF ITS
ESSENTIAL PURPOSE, ALL LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY AND EXCLUSIONS OF DAMAGES OR OTHER REMEDIES SHALL REMAIN IN EFFECT.
20. NOTICES:
All notices from you to CyberSoft must be in writing and sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt
requested, or international equivalent, or by facsimile or electronic mail (receipt confirmed).
END OF DOCUMENT
508 Compliance
What is Section 508 Compliance?
Taken from www.section508.gov - the US Government's 508 Compliance website...
"Section 508 generally requires Federal agencies to ensure that their procurement of EIT takes into account
the needs of all end users - including people with disabilities. Doing so enhances the ability of Federal
employees with disabilities to have access to and use of information and data that is comparable to that
provided to others. Similarly, agency procurement of accessible EIT enhances the ability of members of the
public with disabilities who are seeking information or services from a Federal agency to have access to and
use of information and data that is comparable to that provided to others. Comparable access is not required
if it would impose an "undue burden" on the agency. If an agency invokes the undue burden exception, the
statute requires the information and data to be provided to individuals with disabilities by an alternative
means of access."
"The goal of section 508 is that [Electronic and Information Technology (EIT)] be compatible with assistive
technology. In some cases, the standards require that the acquired EIT be readily usable without the need for
assistive devices. For example, products covered by section 1194.25, Self Contained, Closed Products, must
have the access features built into the product. These products, such as information kiosks, copiers, or other
similar products that do not permit a user to install or connect assistive technology, must be designed so that
an end user can operate the product, without having to modify it. Also, multimedia presentations that require
captioning and descriptive video, must have these features built into the product, as it is impractical to
expect end users to add on their own captions or descriptions. However, for most products -- such as software,
web pages, and computers -- achieving compatibility with assistive technology is the goal of the standards."
What makes CyberSoft Section 508 Compliant?
CyberSoft, and all it's websites and browser-based products, adhere to the regulations governing Section 508 of
the Rehabilitation Act, which require computer software products developed by (or for) any federal agencies to be
designed for equal accessibility by anyone with a vision, hearing, or motor skill disability - we have taken measures
to identify any and all possible accessibility issues that may arrise and have included features in our website
allowing easy navigation with assistive technology. CyberSoft websites are tested monthly using SortSite to fully
implement the U.S. Access Board's final accessibility standards for electronic and information technology covered by
Section 508 of the Rehabilitation Act Amendments of 1998 (primarily §1194.22).
TAA Compliance
What is TAA Compliance?
TAA refers to the Trade Agreements Act of 1979 (19 U.S.C. §§ 2501–2581), which is intended to foster fair and open
international trade. The TAA requires that products must be either produced or undergo "substantial transformation"
within the United States or a designated country (as listed in FAR 25.003).
What makes CyberSoft TAA compliant?
CyberSoft's VFind Security Toolkit (VSTK) is entirely developed, produced, and manufactured within the Unite States
of America, therefore making it fully compliant with TAA guidelines
Affirmative Action Policy
CyberSoft, Inc.
Date of First Issue: September 1, 2000
Date of Revision: None
All CyberSoft employees are expected to be treated with respect as individuals by both their peers and the
management of CyberSoft and should be appreciated for their contributions to the company and its mission.
Conversely, employees are expected to treat others with respect and consideration.
It is CyberSoft's policy to provide equal opportunities to all employees, contractors, and applicants for
employment. Discrimination against anyone on the basis of race, color, creed, religion, ancestry, national
origin, sex, sexual orientation, disability, age, marital status or other characteristic protected by applicable
federal, state or local law by any manager or employee of CyberSoft will not be tolerated and will be cause for
disciplinary action to the fullest extent of policy. CyberSoft takes affirmative actions to prevent
discrimination in all employment areas and practices.
CyberSoft is determined to provide an environment free from all types of harassment, intimidation, hostility,
and/or offensive behavior either by or toward any person involved in its functions. Any harassment based on sex,
religion, race, sexual orientation, disability, age or any other protected state is against CyberSoft policy and
will result in disciplinary action to the fullest extent of policy.