https://www.indsoft.net/privacy-policy.htm
Privacy Policy
Home
Privacy Policy
Indsoft is faithful in protecting the privacy and security of its customers and users of this website. The following points are the manner in which Indsoft will use, maintain and disclose the collected information from
its clients and users of its website.
Loyalty towards your privacy
To allow us to provide you with a reasonable service, we collect a minimum amount of information about you. The intention of this Privacy Policy is to enable you to understand which personal
identifying information of yours is collected, how and when we use your information, who has the right to use to this information, and how you can rectify any inaccuracies in the information.
Collection of information
We may gather any or all of the information when you visit our website. Such information will be collected via automated means like communications profiles and cookies. Personal information you give
us depends on the type of service, support or sale inquiry and may include your name, address, telephone number, fax number and email address, dates of service provided, types of service provided,
payment history, manner of payment, amount of payments, date of payments, domain name, credit card or other payment information. All the sensitive information is collected on a secure server and data
is transferred. Any financial information we collect is used only to bill you for the products and services you purchased. If you purchase through credit card, this information will be forwarded to
your credit card provider.
Keeping a record of files
Indsoft will use IP addresses for the purpose of analyzing its usage and trend pattern, track access and collect broad demographic information for aggregate use. When you visit our website we may
collect information such as your IP address, type of browser or computer you use, the date and time of your visit, the pages you viewed, the name of our internet service provider, the number of links
you click within our website, the location from which you accessed our website and the web page from which you linked to our website.
Cookies
Indsoft's website uses cookies (i.e. in-built facility for storing small text files that holds information on your computer's hard drive) to save your preferences and login information, and provide
personalized functionality. You can reject cookies by changing your browser settings, but be aware that this will disable some of the functionality on Indsoft's website.
Updating and correcting personal information
If a client's personally identifiable information changes, or if a client no longer desires our services, we will provide a way to correct, update or remove that client's personal data in our records.
Update to client contact details could be made via client portal, alternatively email could also be send to billing at indsoft dot net.
Modifications made to the Privacy Policy
Any changes to our Privacy Policy will be placed here and will replace this version of our Policy. Indsoft hereby reserves the right to amend, alter, modify, replace or suspend this Privacy Policy,
from time to time, in its sole discretion. We will take reasonable steps to draw your attention to any changes in our Policy and will be effective as soon as we post on Indsoft website.
Usefulness of the information
The information that we get from our website is used for billing and to provide service and support to our clients, to review and determine our clients needs. We may also use the information we
collect to seek your feedback, notify you about other products and services we think you will find valuable and about special offers. You may also notify us to discontinue of receiving such
notifications. All safety measures are taken to avoid unauthorized access to this information.
Revealing of information
Indsoft will not reveal any personal information obtained about you from this website to third parties. We may use your personal information to keep in contact with you and inform you of developments
associated with our business. We may reveal aggregate, anonymous data based on information collected from users to the potential partners, our affiliates, and reputable third parties. It is our
responsibility to make sure that the said affiliates and service providers are fair and provide similar privacy protection to their clients and the community.
Avoiding and making changes to the system notifications
Clients will receive voluntary system updates, like newsletters, invoices, and mailings by default. Any client who voluntarily receives these updates may unsubscribe at any time. Clients may not opt
out of possibly receiving important system notifications, in the rare event that such notification would be necessary.
Protection and safety measures
Indsoft will make an attempt to follow industry standard security measures to prevent the loss, misuse, alteration or unauthorized disclosure of information under our control. Indsoft uses safety
measures including and not limited to: physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. When we ask clients or users to provide financial
information (such as a credit card number) that data is protected using Secure Sockets Layer ("SSL") technology.
Protection and safety measures
Indsoft will make an attempt to follow industry standard security measures to prevent the loss, misuse, alteration or unauthorized disclosure of information under our control. Indsoft uses safety
measures including and not limited to: physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. When we ask clients or users to provide financial
information (such as a credit card number) that data is protected using Secure Sockets Layer ("SSL") technology.
Compliance with laws and law enforcement
We cooperate with government and law enforcement officials to enforce and comply with the law. We will disclose any information about Clients upon valid request by government or law officials.
Links to other website
Indsoft website may contain links to sites maintained by other companies that are not connected to Indsoft. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of those sites and we
recommend you to caution when visiting them.
Violations & Complaints
As a provider of hosting services, IndSoft Systems provides resources with which our customers host thousands of websites. Please note that IndSoft Systems is not responsible for the content that
customers publish on their websites nor can we monitor each and every webpage that is published. We encourage you to report any potential violations of the law, our terms and conditions or the rights
of others to our Abuse department at abuse (at) indsoft (dot) net We will attempt to respond to, investigate and resolve each complaint we receive from you. Complaints may include reports of trademark
infringement, copyright infringement, spam, phishing, fraud or hacking.
Scroll to Top