http://www.icwusa.com/privacy_policy/
ICWUSA.com, Inc. COVID-19 Message: As a business, our COVID-19 philosophy is to approach the situation with empathy and urgency. ICW’s top priority is the health and safety of our employees and their families in addition to the communities we serve, which include our customers, representatives and vendor partners. Under the banner of this philosophy, it is business and production as usual at ICW. We are a "Made and Manufactured in the USA" company. As a result, ICW does not have supply shortages. All of our outbound shipments are shipped on time, meeting our customers' urgent needs during this pandemic.
ICWUSA.com, Inc.ICWUSA.COM
Search for:
Search
Call With Questions
1-800-558-4435
ICW HEALTHCARE SITE
ICW DENTAL SITE
Products
Computer & Mini CPU MountsElite ArmsErgovisionLaptop MountsMedical Device MountsMD ArmOverhead ArmTablet MountTitan and Titan EliteUltra 180 and 182Ultra 500, 510, 550Under Cabinet MountsVT21 Low Profile WorkstationAccessories
Document Library
CAD & Revit FilesCase Study: Centura HealthCatalog & LiteratureInteractive CatalogHealthcare ArchitectsHealthcare Insights: Electronic Health RecordsHealthcare Insights: Infection ControlHealthcare Insights: Patient SatisfactionInnovation BulletinsInstallation InstructionsMedical Device Mounts: PDFMedical Device Mounts: Power Point PresentationOSHPD DocumentsProduct Specification Sheets
Product Specification Sheets
Photo Gallery
Watch our Videos
Custom & OEM Solutions
Company Events
See Event Calendar
Privacy Notice
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for ICWUSA.COM This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the website, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a lock icon in the address bar and looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the Web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Orders
We request information from you on our order form. To buy from us, you must provide contact information (like name and shipping address) and financial information (like credit card number, expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill your orders. If we have trouble processing an order, we’ll use this information to contact you.
Cookies
We use “cookies” on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor’s hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. For instance, when we use a cookie to identify you, you would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site.
Some of our business partners may use cookies on our site (for example, advertisers). However, we have no access to or control over these cookies.
Sharing
We share aggregated demographic information with our partners and advertisers. This is not linked to any personal information that can identify any individual person.
And/or:
We use an outside shipping company to ship orders, and a credit card processing company to bill users for goods and services. These companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes beyond filling your order.
And/or:
We partner with another party to provide specific services. When the user signs up for these services, we will share names, or other contact information that is necessary for the third party to provide these services. These parties are not allowed to use personally identifiable information except for the purpose of providing these services.
Links
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.