http://www.hxtt.com/en/privacy.html
HXTT Privacy Policy
This is how we will handle information we learn about you from
your visit to our Web site. The information we receive depends upon what you
do when visiting our site.
When you visit our Web site, our Web server automatically recognizes
and stores the name of the domain, the date and time you access our site, and
the Internet Protocol (IP) address. This information enables us to run site
usage tools and create statistics about our site. These statistics help us to
better understand how our site is being used and what we can do to make it more
useful to visitors. This information is not stored in a personally identifiable
format.
We use the information that you provide us for responding to your
requests, customizing the material presented to you based on your past visits
to our web site, to communicate with you, and to improve the content of our
web site. The primary goal in collecting personal information is to provide
you customized services, features and content, and give you an efficient personalized
experience that best meets your needs.
If you choose to identify yourself by sending us an email or completing
an online form, HXTT employees and business partners will have access to such
information in order to contact you for direct marketing purposes. We also aggregate
information on what pages you access. Information submitted by you, such as
survey information and/or comments or feedback, may be stored in a personally
identifiable format and is used only for internal purposes and is not shared
with people or organizations outside of HXTT, its subsidiaries or successors
in interest, and its business partners. If we want to share your name outside
this group or otherwise publicize the fact that you submitted materials or other
information to us, then we will we ask your permission to use your name with
the materials or other information you submitted to a particular part of this
site.
This site may contain links to other sites not owned or managed
by HXTT. HXTT is not responsible for the privacy practices of such websites.
Cookies are small files that are placed on your hard drive that
assist us in providing customized services. We may use cookies to allow you
to let enter your password less frequently during a session. No other personal
information is stored in this cookie.
HXTT will release any information that is required to be released
by law or court order.
We use Data Encryption Standard(DES) and a special seed to encrypt
register's password, so that none can know what's your password. If you forget
your password, our program can automatically clear your old password, and email
you a random new password, according to your requirement.
Our online order service provider uses secure socket layer (SSL)
encryption to protect the transmission of order information you submit to them
when you use their secure online forms. All the information you provide them
through these forms is stored securely offline. If you send us an email, you
should know that email is not necessarily secure against interception unless
you are using a security-enabled web browser.
The above policies are effective as of April 1, 2003. HXTT reserves
the right to change this policy at any time. The use of information that we
gather now is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at this time. Users wishing
to see the changes may do so by visiting our web site privacy policy statement
frequently.
Copyright © 2003 Heng Xing Tian Tai Lab of Xi'an City | All Rights Reserved. | Privacy
| Legal