http://www.inkfarm.com/privacy.php
1-800-INKFARM
1-800-465-3276
FAX: 1-206-826-9167
M-F: 9:00 AM - 5:00 PM PDTS,S: 8:00 AM - 2:00 PM PDT
Current inkfarm time: 12:40 AM PST
General Inquiries
Returns
Customer Service
To Change or Cancel an Order
Suggestion Box
Ink & Toner Finder
Printer Manufacturer
Apple
Brother
Canon
Dell
Epson
HP
Kodak
Konica-Minolta
Kyocera-Mita
Lexmark
Okidata
Samsung
Pitney Bowes
Xerox
Select Printer Category
Select Printer Model
Brother Ink
Canon Ink
Dell Ink
Epson Ink
HP Ink
Kodak Ink
Kyocera-Mita Ink
Lexmark Ink
Okidata Ink
Samsung Ink
Pitney Bowes
More...
Privacy Policy:
This privacy policy provices information regarding the privacy practices of this website (www.inkfarm.com). It will inform you of the following:
1.
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the web site, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
2.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
3.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
4.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
Inkfarm.com, Inc. is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We only collect information that you voluntarily give us via e-mail, our websites' online forms, chat, or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to fill your order, or to respond to your inquiry as appropriate.
We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to answer your inqiry or fill your order. For example, we may provide your shipping address and phone number to shipping carriers and drop-ship vendors so your order may be filled using the services of those third-party vendors.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via e-mail in the future to tell you about specials, products, services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access To and Control Over Information
You can do the following at any time by contacting us via our websites' online customer service form:
•
Request an accounting of the types of data we have about you, if any.
• Request that your data be changed/corrected/updated.
• Request that any of your data be deleted.
• Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card account information), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the Web page.
Additionally, we protect your information using internal controls.
Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information.
Contact
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this privacy policy, please click here to contact us via our websites' online customer service inquiry form.
BBB Rating: A+
Our Coronavirus Response
10
Home|Affiliates|Contact|Customer Service|FAQ|Privacy|Returns|Security|About Us|Site Map|Reviews & Testimonials|Blog|Ink Coupons
© 1999-2020 Inkfarm.com, Inc.
All rights reserved. "The ink & toner super site" is a trademark of Inkfarm.com, Inc.