https://www.webdevelopersnotes.com/terms
Home / Terms
Terms
Date of Last Revision : 2019-11-14
This is a legal agreement between you (herein referred to as “you”, “visitor”, or “user/s”) and the owners and operators (herein referred to as “we”, “us” or “WebdevelopersNotes” or “WDN”) of WebDevelopersNotes.com (herein referred to as “web site”) for all the products and services provided on the web site, online and offline software and mobile apps and other services (together referred to as “services/s”). Your usage of the service is bound by the terms and conditions in these Terms of Service (herein referred to as “Terms” or “TOS”).
“Content” refers to the images, photographs, illustrations, textual  information, digital documents, digital files, programming code (including, but not limited to, HTML, JavaScript, PHP, MySQL).
Changes to the TOS
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to change and/or modify the TOS at any time. The changes will be posted on this page along with the date of revision. The changes will be effective immediately and your continued usage of the service indicates your acceptance of the new TOS.
Content and web site usage
The web site typically provides information on web development and web design with instructions, code snippets, images, graphics and videos. Additional information is provided in the form of facts, dates, events, and more. The service and content of this web site has been provided as a courtesy. How you use or how you perceive it is beyond the scope of support offered by us.
The list below describes briefly the content of the web site and how you use the content or the web site as a whole. This list is not all-inclusive and may change with the changes being reflected on this page.
The primary content of the web site are instructions (textual and graphics) on web development and web design.We shall not be held responsible if the instructions do not solve your problem or fulfil your requirements or solve your problem.Images and photographs used on the site and not created by us are from resources that allow their content to be used for free for both commercial and noncommercial use. Further, wherever required, links to the original content is provided with proper attribution to the original author.Brand/company logos have been taken from Wikipedia.The web site allows comments to be posted by visitors. We shall not be held responsible for their veracity, or offer compensation of any kind if their usage by you results in a loss of any kind or if they do not serve your requirements or if you do not agree with them.We will not be responsible for any copies of the content if it resides on another web server.The web site does not endorse any company, brand, person, product, region, ideology, culture or political viewpoint. However, based on our sole discretion, we can choose to promote products and services via affiliate links – Please read the section below.We do our best to ensure that the content is correct and up-to-date. However, things change at a brisk pace and it is not possible to implement such changes on the web site immediately. If the content is outdated or incorrect, we urge you to write to us directly – thank you in advance.WebDevelopersNotes is not responsible for any loss, monetary or otherwise, incurred by you by using the content or the service. You use the content on this web site at your risk.
Registration on the web site
The web site does not enforce registration before using the content. However, some features of the web site are available only to registered users. Registration on web site involves providing personal details including, but not limited to, actual name, email address, web site address etc. You agree to provide accurate and up-to-date information in the registration form. After registration, the Gravatar associated with the email address may be displayed on the web site. Our Privacy Policy governs how we collect and use your data.
Also, you are solely responsible for the correct usage and proper and safe storage of the login credentials (username and password). The web site provides links for retrieval of the login credentials if the need arises.
If you are under 16 years old, you can only register on the web site or use the service and content of the web site with approval from a parent, guardian or teacher.
We hold the sole discretion on approving registration for users. We also hold the sole discretion on terminating or suspending an account on the web site without prior notice or liability, for any reason whatsoever, including without limitation if you breach the Terms after which your right to use this web site will cease immediately.
Affiliate links on the web site
If a brand/product/service is promoted on the site via affiliate links and/or banners, it would mention explicitly.
Posting comments on the web site
Keep your comments family friendly.Be kind to others and eschew from trolling.DO NOT use expletives.DO NOT make political comments.DO NOT post comments that hurt feelings of others or spread hate.DO NOT post comments that promote banned items including, but not limited to, drugs, tobacco, alcohol, guns, etc.Comments on WebDevelopersNotes can be posted using your actual email address or anonymously (we recommend using email@example.com). A Gravatar, if any, associated with that email address will be displayed on the site.
Warranty and liability
The web site, content and services are provided “as is”. We offer no warranty, explicit or implied, regarding the content, the web site and the service. We also offer no warranty for the accuracy of the content or that the web site and/or our services would meet your requirements or that their use and functioning will be uninterrupted or error free.
We would not be liable to you or any other person or entity for any general, punitive, special, indirect, consequential or incidental damages, or lost profits or any other damages, costs or losses arising out of your use of the web site or its content or our services.
Popular
Origin of names of popular fonts
What was the world’s first web site?
20 awesome country domain names
HTML is not a programming language
What is a Blog?
Today's Events [11 Dec]
Born: Marge [1904]
Born: John Buscema [1927]
Born: Peter Bagge [1957]
Born: Robert Koch [1843]
Tips
How do I view a deleted web page?
Is there a way to view a deleted web page - one that is no longer available? Yes there is and the solution is quite simple. [more...]
FactThe first successful message sent over ARPANET was the word "login" on October 29, 1969. Charley Kline, a student at UCLA, sent the message from the university's SDS Sigma 7 Host computer to the Stanford Research Institute's SDS 940 Host computer.This makes Charley Kline the first Internet user!
[more...]
We use cookies to give you the best possible website experience. By using WebDevelopersNotes.com, you agree to our Privacy Policy
X