http://www.sygem.com/privacy.shtml
QUICK LINKS
WebPhotoStudio
Swing Components
Jazz3D
JazzNews
JazzNews PRO
JazzMenu
JazzFrame
SyGem Software Privacy Policy
SyGem Software
is committed to maintaining your confidence and trust, and accordingly maintains the following privacy policy to protect personal information you provide online.
Basic Confidentiality Policy
It is SyGem Software's policy that personal information , such as your name, postal and e-mail address or telephone number, is private and confidential . Accordingly, the personal information you provide is stored in a secure location, is accessible only
by designated staff, and is used only
for the purposes for which you provide the information, such as to register or to customize an application.
If
you also indicate that you would like to receive information about other SyGem Software programs and services , your personal information may be added to an appropriate mailing list. If at any time you change your mind and would like to add or remove your name from the
mailing list, or correct your personal information, please contact us.
No Release of Information to Third Parties
Personal information will not be released to third parties except
to further the purpose for which you provide the information, or if release is required by law or is pertinent to judicial or governmental investigations or proceedings. There are no other circumstances under which we will provide or sell personal information to third parties.
No Computer Tracking of Identifiable Information
Our computer is not set up to track, collect or distribute personal information about its visitors. It does recognize the home server of visitors, but not e-mail addresses. For example, we can tell which Internet Service Provider our visitors use, but not the names, addresses or other information about our visitors that would allow us to identify the particular visitors to our sites. This information is used only for internal purposes by SyGem Software's technical support staff.
Our computer also recognizes the site where a visitor clicked to get to the SyGem Software website, but we cannot identify the visitor or the visitor's address. No personal information is ever collected.
SyGem Software © 2006 | Privacy Policy | Terms Of Use