http://www.m3server.com/legal/privacy-policy/
Home (current)
Affiliates
Domains
SSL Certificate
CDN
Hosting Solutions
Virtual Servers
Dedicated Servers
WordPress Hosting
Joomla Hosting
Hosting Bundles
Europe VPS
Add-Ons
Off-Site Backups
SiteTech Services
Global CDN
Website Security
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy discloses how we receive and use the information we collect from you on our web site so that you may feel more secure using our site and our services.
We do not share, lease, nor sell your private information with any 3rd party organizations. Your privacy is important to us.
Collection Process:
We collect information from you via our online forms or our customer service department via our telephone number 509.844.1667. Information sent via our online forms are secured via industry standard Secure Sockets Layer. SSL encryption techniques protects the data sent from you to our web server from interception by any third party.
Our Usage of Your Private Information:
We use this information only to contact you in the event the need arises. All reasonable precautions are taken to prevent unauthorized access to this information. This safeguard may require you to provide additional forms of identity should you wish to obtain information about your account details.
Disclosing Your Information to Third Parties:
We do not sell, lease, rent, or give your information to any third party with only the following exceptions, if you choose to have us register your domain on your behalf, we will release your domain name, name, and credit card information to the domain name registrar, as required by ICANN regulations. If the legal authorities present proper authorization demanding release of your information, we will be required by law to release all information known to us at that time.
Correcting/Updating Personal Information
If a customer's personally identifiable information changes, or if a customer no longer desires our services, we will endeavor to provide a way to correct, update or remove that customer's personal data in our records. Client's need to contact our Billing Department for said changes.
Compliance with Laws and Law Enforcement:
We cooperate with government and law enforcement officials to enforce and comply with the law. We will disclose any information about Users upon valid request by government or law officials as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate to respond to claims and legal process (including without limitation subpoenas), to protect your property and rights, or stop activity we consider illegal or unethical.
Changes to this Policy:
Any changes to our Privacy Policy will be placed here and will supersede previous versions of our Privacy Policy.