https://www.comparitech.com/blog/vpn-privacy/
Menu
Close
VPN
By Use
Netflix
Kodi
Torrenting
Hulu
Sky Go
Gaming
BBC iPlayer
Tor
Best overall
By OS/Device
Mac
Windows
Linux
Windows 10
Firestick
iPhone and iPad
Android
Windows Phone
DD-WRT Routers
By Country
China
Japan
US
UK
Canada
Australia
Germany
France
UAE & Dubai
Guides
Fastest VPNs
Cheapest VPNs
Free VPNs
How to access the deep web
Is torrenting safe and legal?
Build your own VPN
Facebook privacy and security
How to encrypt email
How to stay anonymous online
See all
Reviews
ExpressVPN
NordVPN
IPVanish
PrivateVPN
StrongVPN
Cyberghost
PureVPN
Surfshark
See all
Antivirus
Online backup
Streaming
Kodi
Plex
Sports Streaming
TV Streaming
IPTV
Blog
VPN & Privacy
Cloud and Online Backup
Information Security
More Comparisons
Password Managers
Identity Theft Protection
Usenet
Privacy & Security Tools
Internet Providers
Parental Control Software
Net Admin Tools
Data Recovery Software
Crypto
Utilities
BlogVPN & Privacy
How to watch DStv online from anywhere with a VPN
By Ian Garland in VPN & Privacy, on December 10, 2020 at 4:55 pm
Geo-blocking is nothing new, and there are plenty of good reasons as to why it’s so common (usually international licensing agreements). However, it can be frustrating to arrive in a foreign country and realize that the only content available to you is in a language you don’t speak. If you’re trying to watch DStv online […]
NordVPN vs PrivateVPN
By Ian Garland in VPN & Privacy, on December 10, 2020 at 1:46 pm
Having trouble deciding which VPN to use? We’ve compared two leading providers (NordVPN and PrivateVPN) to see which comes out on top.
10 Best free and paid secure email services in 2020 – ranked
By Marc Dahan in VPN & Privacy, on December 10, 2020 at 1:35 pm
Email is difficult to secure. It always has been, and without a major overhaul of its protocols, it always will be. Still, some try their hand at offering a secure email solution. It’s never a perfect solution, as we’ll see, but it’s still a large improvement over the status quo. In this post, we’re going […]
Is AT&T throttling your bandwidth? How to stop throttling with a VPN
By Paul Bischoff in VPN & Privacy, on December 10, 2020 at 1:30 pm
If you think AT&T is intentionally slowing down your internet speed on mobile or on your home internet, then a VPN might help.
What is a VPN kill switch and do you need one?
By Paul Bischoff in VPN & Privacy, on December 10, 2020 at 1:29 pm
A VPN kill switch is a must when even a brief lapse in privacy can’t be allowed. If your VPN connection fails, a kill switch keeps you safe.
Top 50 vendors and products by security vulnerabilities
By Rebecca Moody in VPN & Privacy, on December 7, 2020 at 2:28 pm
With the help of CVE Details security vulnerability database, we’ve tracked the number of distinct vulnerabilities across the top 50 vendors and products from 1999 to 2019. More than 64,000 vulnerabilities have been logged across the top 50 vendors and over 73,000 across the top 50 products. Which brands and products have had the most […]
How to make a VPN kill switch in Linux with UFW
By Aaron Phillips in VPN & Privacy, on December 4, 2020 at 7:05 pm
Connecting to the internet through a VPN is steadily getting more mainstream as ISPs and governments take an increasing interest in your browsing habits. But what good is a VPN if you forget to use it? Or if the connection drops and you don’t notice? If you’re already committed to browsing the web anonymously, setting up a VPN kill switch on your Linux desktop will make sure your data is encrypted.
Hotspot Shield Black Friday Deal 2020 (Live Now)
By Mark Gill in VPN & Privacy, on November 26, 2020 at 2:18 pm
Planning on purchasing a VPN? Hotspot Shield is currently offering Black Friday and Cyber Monday deals, providing you with a chance to save.
How your mobile phone tracks you (even when switched off)
By Josh Lake in VPN & Privacy, on November 25, 2020 at 4:25 pm
It’s no secret that your mobile tracks you. A lot. But do you know all the different ways and how you can fight them?
Private Internet Access Black Friday & Cyber Monday Deal 2020 (Live Now)
By Mark Gill in VPN & Privacy, on November 25, 2020 at 2:00 pm
Want to access region-locked websites? Private Internet Access is a reliable VPN and is now offering Black Friday and Cyber Monday deals.
Page 1 of 97
12…97Next