https://www.iress.com/resources/legal/privacy-policy/
Software
Financial advice
Build relationships that transform your business.
Find out more
Trading and market data
Faster, smarter trading for firms of every size.
Find out more
Investment management
Technology for higher performance.
Find out more
Mortgages
A better mortgage experience for everyone.
Find out more
Life and pensions
Helping you find & apply for the right products for your clients.
Find out more
Superannuation
Fund administration to member advice - and everything in between.
Find out more
Support
Contact us
Coronavirus support
Software support
Community
Training
Our offices
Iress blog
Software integrations - Iress Open
Sign in
Search
Region
Search
Region
Privacy notice
We respect your privacy and we are committed to protecting your personal data.
Legal
Cookies
Privacy notice
Software & service terms
Data protection
Legal trading entities
Open source terms & conditions
Version
Date
Detail of change
1.0
May 2018
First published
1.1
July 2019
References to IRESS changed to Iress to reflect brand change
1.2
18th February 2020
Minor update to paragraph 1: including update to Iress compliance email address.
Minor grammatical updates to paragraph 2.Minor update to paragraph 3 including grammatical updates and an update to how personal data is collected via direct interactions.
Update to paragraph 4 regarding storage of customer personal data on customer relationship management system.
Other minor updates to paragraph 4.
Update to paragraph 5 regarding the activities that are carried out by external third parties in relation to the processing of customer data. Other minor grammatical updates to paragraph 5.
Update to paragraph 8 to include anonymised data being used for commercial purposes.
New paragraph 11 setting out version control.
We are required to comply with all applicable privacy legislation in the jurisdictions in which we conduct our business.Iress Ltd and its branches and subsidiaries ("Iress", "us" or "we") are committed to protecting the personal information we hold.This privacy notice describes the type of information we collect, how we use and disclose it and how we protect that information. By providing us with your information, you consent to us collecting, using, disclosing and transferring that information as set out in this privacy notice.Information collectedAt times we may request that you supply us with personal information. Generally this information is requested when you subscribe for a product, or request a service or information from us - such as when you request a fact sheet or a demonstration of our products and services.Personal information which we may collect from you includes the following:Generalyour name;your job title and company details;your address;your phone/fax and email details;your date of birth;payment information such as your bank account details;your education and work experience in applications we receive from you;your user name, and passwords for our online products;information about your internet-enabled device and browsing patterns such as your IP address, operating system and browser type.Although we generally only collect information that has been provided directly by you, there are times that we may collect information from third parties e.g. a company that provide services to us or an information service provider.Use of informationYour information is collected and may be used by us:to verify your identity;to meet our legal and regulatory obligations;to enable you to use our online products, our website or receive the benefit of certain services;to help us improve and develop our website, online products and services;to understand our user demographics and use of our website and online products;for administration and client relationship management;to answer questions and respond to comments, requests or queries you send us, including any application for employment;for corporate and investor communications (in compliance with ASIC or other regulator’s requirements); to manage fiscal components; to send invoices or reminder notices or otherwise notify you of changes to our online products or services, and any other purpose related to or ancillary to any of the above.We may keep your information for a reasonable period for these purposes.Sharing of informationWe may share your personal information with:the companies in our corporate group; our personnel, subcontractors, agents and advisors who have a need for that information as they assist us in running our business, this website or providing related services; our subcontractors, suppliers and advisors to the extent necessary and relevant for the provision of our online products or services; third party vendors to satisfy our third party data payment arrangements; those other persons we believe are reasonably necessary to comply with our legal and regulatory requirements and/or exercise any rights we have under our contractsWhere we wish to share your personal information with third parties who are not listed above then we shall seek your consent before doing so, unless the data is anonymised (i.e. it doesn’t identify individuals) – in which case we may share the information without first obtaining your consent.We may disclose your information to members of our corporate group located overseas. Countries in which we are based include Australia, the United Kingdom, Singapore, Malaysia, Hong Kong, South Africa, New Zealand and Canada. We have appropriate controls in place in relation to intra-group transfers.In addition, we may transfer your information to countries or jurisdictions which do not provide the same level of data protection as the country in which you reside (including without limitation to the US), if necessary for achieving the purposes set out above. If we do make such a transfer, we will, if appropriate, put a contract in place to ensure your information is protected.By submitting your personal data, you agree to such transfer, storing and processing as set out above. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy notice.Use of cookiesPlease see our cookies policy.MarketingWe may share your information with our business partners for marketing purposes or we may send you information about other organisations' products and services. We may contact you by mail, telephone, fax, email or other electronic messaging service with offers of products, services or information that may be of interest to you. By providing us with your contact details you consent to being contacted by these methods for these purposes. If you do not wish to receive marketing information from any companies within our group or our business partners (other than on the website which you have requested information about) please indicate this on the relevant form where we collect your information, or contact us using the details below.SecurityWe take appropriate steps and maintain electronic, physical, procedural and organisational safeguards using industry standard techniques and controls to protect the information we hold (including your personal information) from misuse, loss, unauthorised access, modification or disclosure.ChangesWe reserve the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add or remove portions from this notice at any time so we encourage you to review this privacy notice regularly.Third Party SitesOur corporate website contains links to other websites, including social media sites and widgets. We are not responsible for the content or privacy practices (including the delivery of any cookies) of these websites. We strongly encourage you to read the privacy notices and policies of those websites before providing those third parties with your information.Access and correctionYou have the right to access, request corrections to and copies of the personal information we hold about you.  For quality control and training purposes we may monitor or record your communications with us.
Data Retention and past employeesWe will only retain your personal information for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements. Details of retention periods for different aspects of your personal information are available on request. To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.In some circumstances, we may anonymise your personal information so that it can no longer be associated with you, in which case we may use such information without further notice to you. Once you are no longer an employee, worker or contractor of the company we will retain and securely destroy your personal information in accordance with our data retention policy.Right to withdraw consentIn the limited circumstances where you may have provided your consent to the collection, processing and transfer of your personal information for a specific purpose, you have the right to withdraw your consent for that specific processing at any time. To withdraw your consent, please contact people@iress.com. Once we have received notification that you have withdrawn your consent, we will no longer process your information for the purpose or purposes you originally agreed to, unless we have another legitimate basis for doing so in law.
ContactIf you have any questions or comments about this privacy notice, or any concerns about our handling of your personal information, please contact our Compliance Manager whose contact details appear below.If you wish to make a formal complaint, please make your complaint in writing to our Compliance Manager. We will consider your complaint promptly and contact you to seek to resolve the matter.The Compliance Manager Iress LimitedLevel 18, 385 Bourke St, Melbourne, VIC, 3000Phone: +61 3 9018 5800 Email: corporate@iress.com
Iress is a technology company providing software to the financial services industry.Our software is used by more than 9,000 businesses and 500,000 users globally.
Resources
Media
Investors
Trust
Website terms
Legal
Preferences
Governance
Cookies
About
About us
Join us
Social
Twitter
LinkedIn
Youtube
Instagram
© Iress 2020