http://www.flashjester.com/?section=ppolicy
FlashJester.com
Privacy Policy
Flash JesterTHE ULTIMATE PLACE FOR FLASH TOOLS
3RD EYE SOLUTIONS is very cautious about how your information
is collected when you surf our websites and enter information about
yourself and how this information is used and shared with others. We
appreciate your trust and it is very important to us. This notice
describes our privacy policy. BY VISITING ANY OF OUR WEBSITES, YOU
AGREE WITH THE PRACTICES DESCRIBED IN THIS PRIVACY STATEMENT.
The information that you give us helps us personalize and
continually improve your experience with us.
We receive and store any information you enter on our website or
give us in any other way for responding to your requests, improving
our website, customizing future shopping and services for you, and
to communicate with you for special offers, bonuses, sales, and
related marketing information and activities.
Information about our customers is an important part of our
business, and we do not sell it to others. We share customer
information only with the subsidiaries of 3RD EYE SOLUTIONS,
business partners or affiliated companies.
As we continue to develop our business, we might sell or buy other
companies or entities. In such transactions, customer information
generally is one of the transferred business assets. In the unlikely
event that 3RD EYE SOLUTIONS or substantially all of its assets are
acquired, customer information might be one of the transferred
assets. We release account and other personal information when we
believe release is appropriate to comply with law; enforce or apply
our Conditions of Use and other agreements, or protect the rights,
property, or safety of 3RD EYE SOLUTIONS, our users, or others. This
includes exchanging information with other companies and
organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
We work to protect the security of your information during any data
transmission.
This Privacy Statement may be subject to change without notice. This
notice will still govern your use of our services and it is your
responsibility to review them for any occurring changes.
3RD EYE SOLUTIONS does not sell products for purchase by children.
If you are under 18, you may use the services, products and offers
only with involvement and approval of a parent.
If you choose to visit our website and use our services in any way,
your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Privacy
Statement and our Conditions of Use, including limitations on
damages, arbitration of disputes, and application of the law of the
UK. Our business changes constantly. This Privacy Statement
and the Conditions of use will change too and use of information
that we gather now is subject to the Privacy Statement in effect at
the time of use. You should check our website frequently to see any
new changes.
Name:
E-Mail:
Code:
Subscribe
Unsubscribe
Laxersaz MultimediaLaxersaz Multimedia produces mainly flash games and data-driven websites.
AT&T
I would like to end by praising your company and programs and giving my support by saying, KEEP UP THE GREAT WORK.
Aaron - ATT Worldnet Service
Privacy Policy
Legal Terms
Contact Us
SiteMap