http://www.gcis.biz/terms-of-service/
Home
About GCIS
Services
Website Hosting
Contact
Email Information
Webmail Access
Pop3/Imap settings
Anti-Spam / DMARC
Terms of Service
Acceptable Use Policy
DMCA / Copyright Violations
Payments
Pay Invoice
Pay without invoice.
Terms of Services
All services provided by Gulf Coast Information Systems (“Gulf Coast Information Systems”) may be used for lawful purposes only. Transmission, storage or presentation of any information, data or material in violation of any United States federal, state or city law is prohibited. This includes, but is not limited to: copyrighted material, material we judge to be threatening or obscene, or material protected by trade secret and other statute. The subscriber agrees to indemnify and hold harmless Gulf Coast Information Systems from any claims resulting from the use of service which damages the subscriber or any other party.
Prohibited are sites that promote any illegal activity or present content that may be damaging to Gulf Coast Information Systems’ servers, or any other server on the Internet. Links to such materials are also prohibited.
Examples of unacceptable content or links:
pirated software
hacker programs or archives
Warez sites
NOTICE: IF YOUR ACCOUNT IS FOUND TO CONTAIN ILLEGAL ACTIVITY, ILLEGAL MP3 FILES, PIRATED SOFTWARE, HACKER PROGRAMS, WAREZ PROGRAMS, OR ANY OTHER ILLEGAL FILES, YOUR ACCOUNT WILL BE TERMINATED IMMEDIATELY, WITHOUT NOTICE, AND A $50.00 CANCELLATION FEE WILL APPLY. ADDITIONALLY, Gulf Coast Information Systems WILL NOTIFY THE PROPER AUTHORITIES OF YOUR ACTIONS.
Traffic Usage
All account plans come with a predetermined amount of traffic allowance. We monitor all accounts and bill $1.00 for each gig of traffic exceeded. This amount is not prorated, meaning that 1 mb – 1 gig will be treated and billed as the same.
IRC
We currently do not allow IRC or IRC bots to be operated on our servers.
Server Abuse
Any attempt to undermine or cause harm to a server or customer of Gulf Coast Information Systems is strictly prohibited. As our customer you are responsible for all your accounts. Should you violate the Terms of Services outlined within, your account will be cancelled without chance of refund.
Refusal of Service
We reserve the right to refuse, cancel or suspend service, at our sole discretion.
All sub-networks, distributive hosting sites and dedicated servers of Gulf Coast Information Systems must adhere to the above policies, with the exception of system resources in respect to dedicated servers.
Billing
By the Account Activation Date of each month, Gulf Coast Information Systems shall either:
(1) debit the client’s credit card (when such information has been provided by the client); or
(2) deliver, by e-mail or regular mail, an invoice in accordance with the applicable Service Fees for services rendered for the current month. When an invoice is delivered to the client, payment shall be remitted to Gulf Coast Information Systems by no later than the specified payment due date. Gulf Coast Information Systems shall be entitled to immediately terminate this agreement for client’s failure to make timely payments. You will be provided with an invoice on a monthly/Quarterly,Semi-annually or annual basis. All credit cards are billed automatically when payment is due. It is the client’s responsibility to ensure that they have sufficient credit to cover this transaction. In the event that there is insufficient credit, we will send an e-mail notification, at which point we will need to be provided with another credit card account number within 24 hours. If we do not receive a response within 24 hours, the account, and all accounts under that account plan, will be suspended. NSF checks will incur a $50 fee.
Service Fees
Certain services carry a setup fee charged by Gulf Coast Information Systems to client, which must be paid by client in order to have use of said services. If client terminates this agreement, client shall be responsible for any and all outstanding fees owed to Gulf Coast Information Systems and agrees to pay any and all fees incurred by client. Because the services are provided on a monthly basis, the client will be responsible for service fees incurred each month, regardless of when client provides notice of termination. Thus, for example, if the client provides notice of termination on the 15th day of a particular month, the client will be responsible for service fees for the entire month, and such fees will not be pro-rated or refunded.
Money back guarantee & refund policy
We do not generally refund cancelled contracts. For example, if your contract is quarterly and you request a refund after two months, no refunds will be admitted. No refunds are issued for setup charges, add-on charges, domain-registrations, add-on purchases, SSL certificates or overage charges. In case of AUP violations, any and all refunds are forfeit.
Account Deactivations
Any account deactivated due to non-payment will require a reactivation fee of $25.00 prior to reactivation.
Cancellation Refunds
We DO NOT refund partial monthly fees to accounts. We require 30 days notice for a cancellation.
Refusal of Service
We reserve the right to refuse, cancel or suspend service, at our sole discretion.
Limitation of Liability
Gulf Coast Information Systems shall not be responsible for any claimed damages, including incidental and consequential damages, which may arise from Gulf Coast Information Systems ‘ servers going off-line or being unavailable for any reason whatsoever. Furthermore, Gulf Coast Information Systems shall not be responsible for any claimed damages, including incidental or consequential damages, resulting from the corruption or deletion of any web site from one of Gulf Coast Information Systems ‘ servers. All damages shall be limited to the immediate termination of service.
Violations
Violations of these Acceptable Use Policies should be referred to gcis@gcis.biz. All complaints will be investigated promptly. Failure to follow any term or condition will be grounds for immediate account deactivation.
Disclaimer
Gulf Coast Information Systems cannot be held liable for system down time, crashes or data loss. We cannot be held liable for any predicated estimate of profits which a client would have gained if their site was functioning. Certain services provided by Gulf Coast Information Systems are resold. Thus, certain equipment, routing, software and programming used by Gulf Coast Information Systems are not directly owned or written by Gulf Coast Information Systems. Moreover, Gulf Coast Information Systems holds no responsibility for the use of our clients’ accounts. Failure to comply with any terms or conditions will result in the automatic deactivation of the account in question. We reserve the right to remove any account, without advance notice for any reason without restitution, as Gulf Coast Information Systems sees fit.
Account Activation
By activating your account with Gulf Coast Information Systems, you agree to the above policies and disclaimer. Upon requesting activation of an account, you are required to accept these policies, guidelines and disclaimer, and a copy of your acceptance is forwarded along with your activation request to be maintained with your account information.
NOTICE: If you sign up for an account and fail to comply with these terms, no refunds will be given. We will, however, advise you by e-mail or phone prior to taking any action to provide you with an opportunity to correct the problem.
Server Uptime Guarantee
Although Gulf Coast Information Systems has an excellent record for reliability, we do not offer an uptime guarantee. However, our network and servers are monitored continuously, and are rarely down except for scheduled maintenance and hardware and software upgrades.
Gulf Coast Information Systems reserves the right to amend any or all of the above policies, guidelines and disclaimer without notification. We also retain the right to increase any pricing and make changes to our account plans without notification.
Privacy
Gulf Coast Information Systems has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for this Web site.
Information Automatically Logged
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our Web site. We use this information for no other reason.
Order Forms
Our site uses an order form for customers to request services. We collect sensitive information which is used only for our purpose, not third party receives any type of information from us.
Contact information from the order forms is used to get in touch with the customer when necessary.
Billing information that is collected is used to bill the user for services.
Unique identifiers are collected from Web site visitors to verify the user’s identity.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control. We use strong SSL encryption to ensure your privacy.
Third Parties
Information collected on this site is strictly for our use, NO OTHER OUTSIDE PERSONS MAY VIEW YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION SUCH BILLING INFORMATION, ETC.
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact: gcis@gcis.biz
Other Illegal Activities:
Engaging in activities that are determined to be illegal, including, but not limited to, advertising, transmitting or otherwise making available ponzi schemes, pyramid schemes, fraudulently charging credit cards and pirating software.
Other Activities:
Engaging in activities, whether lawful or unlawful, that Gulf Coast Information Systems determines to be harmful to its subscribers, operations, reputation, goodwill or customer relations.
As we have pointed out, the responsibility for avoiding harmful activities just described rests primarily with the subscriber. Gulf Coast Information Systems will not, as an ordinary practice, monitor the communications of its subscribers to ensure that the comply with Gulf Coast Information Systems’ policy or applicable law. However, when Gulf Coast Information Systems becomes aware of harmful activities, it may take any action to stop the harmful activity, including, but not limited to, removal of information, shutting down a web site, implementing screening software designed to block offending transmissions, denying access to the Internet, or any other action deemed appropriate by Gulf Coast Information Systems.
Gulf Coast Information Systems is also aware that many of its subscribers are themselves providers of Internet services, and that information reaching Gulf Coast Information Systems’ facilities from those subscribers may have originated from a customer of the subscriber or from another third party. Gulf Coast Information Systems does not require its subscribers who offer Internet services to monitor or censor transmissions or web sites created by customers of its subscribers. Gulf Coast Information Systems reserves the right to directly take action against a customer of its subscribers. Also, Gulf Coast Information Systems may take action against the Gulf Coast Information Systems’ subscriber because of activities of a customer of the subscriber, even though the action may affect other customers of the subscriber. Similarly, Gulf Coast Information Systems anticipates that subscribers who offer Internet services will cooperate with Gulf Coast Information Systems in any corrective or preventive action that Gulf Coast Information Systems deems necessary. Failure to cooperate with such corrective or preventive measures is a violation of Gulf Coast Information Systems policy.
Gulf Coast Information Systems will not intentionally monitor private electronic mail messages sent or receive by its subscribers, unless required to do so by law, governmental authority or when public safety is at stake. Gulf Coast Information Systems may, however, monitor its service electronically to determine that its facilities are operating satisfactorily. Also, Gulf Coast Information Systems may disclose information, including, but not limited to, information concerning a subscriber, a transmission made using our network, or a web site, in order to comply with a court order, subpoena, summons, discovery request, warrant, statute, regulation or governmental request. Gulf Coast Information Systems assumes no obligation to inform the subscriber that subscriber information has been provided and, in some cases, may be prohibited by law from giving such notice. Finally, Gulf Coast Information Systems may disclose subscriber information or information transmitted over its network where necessary to protect Gulf Coast Information Systems and others from harm, or where such disclosure is necessary to the proper operation of the system. However, Gulf Coast Information Systems will never sell information to other services or outside companies.
Gulf Coast Information Systems expects that its subscribers who provide Internet services to others will comply fully with all applicable laws concerning the privacy of online communications. A subscriber’s failure to comply with those laws will violate Gulf Coast Information Systems policy. Finally, Gulf Coast Information Systems wishes to emphasize that, in signing the Service Agreement, subscribers indemnify Gulf Coast Information Systems for any violation of the Service Agreement, law or Gulf Coast Information Systems policy resulting in loss to Gulf Coast Information Systems or the bringing of any claim against Gulf Coast Information Systems by any third party. This means that, if Gulf Coast Information Systems is sued because of a subscriber’s or customer of a subscriber’s activity, the subscriber will be responsible for payment of any damages awarded against Gulf Coast Information Systems, plus costs and reasonable attorney’s fees.
We hope this AUP is helpful in clarifying the obligations of Internet users, including Gulf Coast Information Systems and its subscribers, as responsible members of the Internet. Any complaints about a subscriber’s violation of this AUP should be sent to gcis@gcis.biz.
(c) 2013 GCIS Gulf Coast Information Systems