http://www.usmicroproducts.com/policies/website-terms-and-conditions-of-use-and-privacy-policy
Skip to main content
You dream it,
We make it a reality.
Banner Website Terms
Website Terms of Use and Privacy Policy
You are hereHome » Website Terms of Use
US Micro Products, Inc. maintains this website (the "Website") for your information, education and communication.
Sections contained herein:
- Terms and Conditions
- Privacy policy
Through your access and use of the Website, you accept, without limitation or qualification, the terms and conditions ("Terms and Conditions") set forth below.
Terms and Conditions
1.     The Website contains only general information about the US Micro Products and its products and services.
2.     US Micro Products makes no representations or warranties as to the accuracy of any information contained on the Website or the availability of a particular product or service.  US Micro Products expressly disclaims any obligation to update said information, except to the extent required by law. US Micro Products further assumes no liability or responsibility for any errors or omissions in the content on the Website.
3.     You should assume that all contents of the Website are copyrighted by US Micro Products or its licensors unless otherwise noted and may not be used except as provided herein.  Images of people or places displayed on the Website are either the property of, or used with permission of the copyright owner by, US Micro Products. The use of these images by you is prohibited unless specifically permitted by these Terms and Conditions or by specific permission provided elsewhere on the Website or with express written permission from US Micro Products. Unauthorized use of such images may violate the copyright, trademark rights of US Micro Products, privacy laws, and/or other applicable laws and regulations.
4.     Your use of the Website is at your own risk. Neither US Micro Products nor any other party involved in creating, producing or managing the Website is liable for any direct, incidental, consequential, indirect or punitive damages arising out of your access to, or use of, or browsing of the Website. This includes damages to, or arising out of viruses that may infect your computer equipment or other property. Without limiting the foregoing, everything on the Website is provided to you "AS IS" WITHOUT A WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT.
5.     The trademarks, logos and service marks (collectively, the "Trademarks") displayed on the Website are registered and unregistered trademarks of US Micro Products and others. Nothing contained on this Website should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel or otherwise, any license or right in and to the Trademarks without the express written permission of US Micro Products or such third party. Your misuse of any Trademarks on the Website or within its contents, except as provided in these Terms and Conditions, is strictly prohibited. You are advised that US Micro Products will aggressively enforce its intellectual property rights in the Website and its contents to the fullest extent of the law.
6.     Except for Personal Information defined and addressed in US Micro Products’ Privacy Policy, any communication or material that you transmit to, or post, on the Website by electronic mail or otherwise, including any data, questions, comments, suggestions or the like, is, and will be treated as, non-confidential and nonproprietary information. US Micro Products may use such communication or material for any purpose whatsoever, including, but not limited to, reproduction, disclosure, transmission, publication, broadcast and further posting. Further, US Micro Products is free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques contained in any communication or material you send to the Website for any purpose whatsoever, including, but not limited to, developing, manufacturing and marketing products.
7.     US Micro Products has not reviewed all of the websites that may be linked to the Website and is not responsible for the content of any such websites or any other websites linked to the Website. Your linking to other website pages is at your own risk. If you link to another website, please be sure to review the legal notices and privacy policy of that website.
8.     Although US Micro Products may, from time to time, monitor or review any postings, transmissions, bulletin boards and the like on the Website, US Micro Products is under no obligation to do so, except to the extent required by law or regulation, and US Micro Products assumes no responsibility or liability arising from the content of the Website nor for any error, defamation, libel, slander, omission, falsehood, obscenity, pornography, profanity, danger or inaccuracy contained in any information within the Website.
9.     You are prohibited from posting or transmitting any unlawful, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene, inflammatory, pornographic or profane material or any material that could constitute or encourage conduct that would be considered a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability or would otherwise violate the law. US Micro Products will fully cooperate with any law enforcement authorities or court order requesting or directing US Micro Products to disclose the identity of anyone posting or transmitting any such information or materials.
10.  You are prohibited from altering, damaging or defacing the Website or adding any unauthorized material to the Website. You are advised that US Micro Products will aggressively protect the Website and will prosecute violators to the fullest extent of the law, including seeking criminal penalties.
11.  If you violate any of these Terms and Condition, US Micro Products reserves the right to suspend or terminate any account you have created on the Website.  You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold US Micro Products and its respective officers, employees, and agents, harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, made by any third party due to, or allegedly arising out of, your use of this Website or any breach of these Terms and Conditions.
12.  US Micro Products reserves the right to alter or delete material from the Website at any time, and US Micro Products may, at any time, revise these Terms and Conditions. You are bound by any such revisions and should, therefore, periodically visit this page to review the then current Terms and Conditions.
Privacy Policy
US Micro Products is committed to safeguarding any Personal Information that may be collected by US Micro Products as a result of your use of the Website. For purposes of this Privacy Policy, Personal Information is information that can identify you, such as your name, street address, telephone number, email address and other similar information.  This Privacy Policy addresses questions you may have with respect to understanding what information is collected electronically, how it is collected, how it is used, and to whom it is or may be disclosed.
Important limitations regarding this online Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy applies only to information which is or may be collected through the Website, and does not apply to information collected elsewhere, whether online or offline.  This policy does not apply to third-party websites that may be accessed through a link from the Website. You should review the privacy policies of any third-party websites to understand how that site collects, uses and discloses any Personal Information.
The Website is NOT intended to be used by individuals under the age of 18.  If a parent or guardian has reason to believe that a minor has provided us with Personal Information, the parent or guardian should contact us at (800) 741-7755.
Collection of Personal Information
We do not collect any personal information unless it is provided to us voluntarily through forms or data fields. You can visit many areas of our website without telling us who you are or giving us Personal Information. Certain areas of our Website allow you to contact us to ask questions or provide comments or other information. Please be aware that when you ask questions or provide comments or other information, you may be disclosing Personal Information.
Please do not submit or disclose any Personal Information if you do not want it to be collected. You should be aware, however, that without providing requested information, which may include Personal Information, you may not be able to participate in particular features or activities that require such information.
Collection of Non-Personal Information
Non-Personal Information is information that is not personal, such as questions, comments, ideas and suggestions that you provide, or information that we may collect that is not linked to any Personal Information.  Non-Personal Information will be treated as non-confidential, and we may disclose and/or use that information without any obligation whatsoever to you, for any purpose and through any means.
The Website may use a tracking technology called a “cookie”. A “cookie” is a small text file that a website can place on your computer’s hard drive in order, for example, to collect information about your activities on the site or to track your preferences and selections. When you return to the website, information stored in cookies associated with that site will be transmitted back to us. With most Internet browsers, you can erase cookies from your computers hard drive, block all cookies or even receive a warning before a cookie is placed on your system. Refer to your browser instructions or Help button to learn more about cookies. You should be aware, however, that cookies might be necessary to provide you with certain features (e.g. customized delivery of information) available on the Website. This information is considered Non-Personal Information.
The Website may also automatically collect and store information relating to your computer and your visits to the Website, such as the name of the domain and host from which you access the Internet; the Internet address of the website from which you linked to the Website; the date and time you accessed the Website; how long you spent and which pages you visited; your Internet protocol (I.P) address; and your computer's operating system and browser software. This information is considered Non-Personal Information.
The Website may also track your usage of the site through the use of pixel tags. These tags are similar to cookies. The information collected through use of pixel tags is not personally identifiable and is considered Non-Personal Information.
How is Personal Information used?
If you do provide us with Personal Information we may use the information to contact you, via e-mail, regular mail, telephone or other means, to provide you with information you requested about specific products or services, provide additional future information about products or services that may be of interest to you, and to learn about and develop products and services (e.g. market research).  Additional information about use of your Personal Information may appear at the point where you are asked to provide Personal Information in a form or data field.
Who may Personal Information be disclosed to?
US Micro Products will not transfer or allow access to your Personal Information to third parties, except (i) to affiliated entities of US Micro Products, whether inside the U.S. or in other countries; (ii) to vendors and service providers who assist us in providing service to you; (iii) in connection with security related or law enforcement investigations or in the course of cooperating with legal authorities; (iv) to comply with legal requirements or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims; (v) when we believe it is necessary to share information in order to assist in an investigation regarding, or to prevent, illegal activities, suspected fraud, or situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person; and (v) upon a sale, merger, assignment or transfer of the business of the Website to which the information relates. Any affiliated entity, vendor or service provider who is permitted access to, or to whom we transfer Personal Information is required to keep your Personal Information confidential.
What about security?
US Micro Products takes reasonable precautions to keep Personal Information secure against unauthorized access, alteration, and use.  It is your personal responsibility, however, to secure any log-in information or passwords associated with your use of the Website.
How do I stop getting communications?
If you decide you no longer wish to receive information or communications about particular products and services, or from US Micro Products (for example, postal mailings, emails and telephone calls), you may opt out of any particular product or service or from all mailings by contacting us at (800) 741-7755.
Please note that you may continue to receive materials for a period of time while our lists are being updated.
Who do I contact if I have questions regarding this Privacy Policy?
Should you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at (800) 741-7755.
Updates to Privacy Policy
This policy may be updated or revised from time to time, so you may want to check for updates if you access US Micro Product websites in the future.
User Privacy Policy
At US Micro Products, keeping your information private is important. Please refer to the following information if you have any questions.
Web Site Visits
Our website logs IP addresses. We do this in order to be able to monitor, maintain and improve our website. We do not collect any personal information on this process.
If we ask a customer for contact information, is only for shipping and billing purposes. We will never share this information with third parties.
Customer Information
After you make a purchase, your personal information will be saved in our customer file for future reference.
Again, we promise to never share this information with third parties or companies that are not related to the service that we are providing for you.
Email Addresses
Your email address may be used to communicate information regarding your order or promotional emails. You can always choose to opt out of our newsletters. Your email address will never be sold or traded to other companies.
Other Uses of Customer Information
US Micro Products will share customer information with government agencies if required by law.
Web Site Security
You can shop at www.usmicroproducts.com with confidence. We have partnered with Authorize.Net, a leading payment gateway since 1996, to accept credit cards and electronic check payments safely and securely for our customers.
The Authorize.Net Payment Gateway manages the complex routing of sensitive customer information through the electronic check and credit card processing networks. See an online payments diagram to see how it works.
The company adheres to strict industry standards for payment processing, including:
128-bit Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology for secure Internet Protocol (IP) transactions.
Industry leading encryption hardware and software methods and security protocols to protect customer information.
Compliance with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS).
For additional information regarding the privacy of your sensitive cardholder data, please read the  Authorize.Net Privacy Policy.
www.usmicroproducts.com is registered with the Authorize.Net Verified Merchant Seal program.
Although USMP believes it has incorporated commercially reasonable security techniques and other monitoring and control systems that are considered appropriate by the electronic commerce industry for the computing environment and services contemplated for its business, USMP shall not be responsible for the loss, confidentiality, or security of customer-specific data or  information while in transmission over third party communication lines or through other network interconnections over which USMP has no direct security control.
Contact Information
Please contact us if you have any questions, concerns or comments.
US Micro Products Inc
6207 Bee Caves Rd. Ste. 330
Austin, Tx 78746
Phone: (800) 741-7755
Email: sales@usmicroproducts.com
Note: We reserve the right to make changes to our privacy policy at any time without prior notification.
eShop Policies