http://www.boardhost.com/privacy.html
BoardHost
Create yours!
Features
FAQ
Contact Us
Boardhost.com, Inc. Privacy Policy
Last Revised December 28, 2019
SUMMARY OF COOKIES WE USE
(provided for your convenience, please review the full details of our Privacy Policy below)
Cookies that are necessary for the functionality of our services.
Opt out availableInformation
Logging in to a forum or message boardNoWhen you log in, we need to set a cookie to securely establish your session. This is necessary for the functionality of our site, and not used for any other purpose.
Voting in a pollNoIf a forum or message board post includes a poll and you vote, a cookie will be set to prevent you from voting repeatedly. This is necessary for the functionality of our site, and not used for any other purpose.
Session and last visit cookiesNoWe may use session cookies to temporarily save your open and closed threads or to preserve your session state as you navigate postings. To be able to show you what postings have occurred since your last visit, we may set a cookie when you visit a message board that contains the date of your visit.
These cookies are necessary for the functionality of our site, and not used for any other purpose.
Consent cookiesNoWe may ask you to consent to the usage of cookies or ask you to agree to our policies, and then set a cookie to remember your selection and/or remember the date we obtained your consent. These cookies are necessary for the functionality described, and not used for any other purpose.
Optional "Remember me" featuresn/aWe may offer you the option to remember certain information to make your repeat usage of our site easier. (Such as offering to remember a name you enter when you post a message, or an email address you enter to request notifications when replies are received). These options require cookies, and a cookie is set only if you request the described functionality. These cookies are necessary for such functionality, and not used for any other purpose.
You may configure your browser to reject these cookies, but our services may not work correctly and/or your functionality may be reduced if you do so.
Cookies that are used for advertising
Opt out availableInformation
Third party advertising if you are not in California or the European Economic AreaYesWhen you view a message board, we may display third party advertising that keeps our service free (n/a to customers of our ad-free services). This advertising uses cookies to serve ads which may be based on your prior visits to this or other websites.To opt-out of such personalized ads, visit here.
Third party advertising if you are in California or the European Economic AreaDefaultWhen you view a message board, we may display third party advertising that keeps our service free
(n/a to customers of our ad-free services). We have elected to show users in California or the EEA non-personalized ads only, by default. These ads do not take into account past behavior or website visits. Although these ads don't use cookies for ads personalization, they do use cookies to allow for frequency capping, aggregated ad reporting, and to combat fraud and abuse.
BOARDHOST PRIVACY POLICY
Boardhost.com, Inc. is a provider of customizable, interactive message boards and forums, which are created and maintained by customers of our service. This document describes our policies regarding privacy, and the privacy expectations that you may have when using our customers' message boards or forums, using this site, or when corresponding with us.
Your privacy is valuable to us. It is our intention to not collect any more information than what we believe is necessary to provide our service. Our site features third-party advertising so that we can offer our services free of charge. We do not otherwise sell, trade or barter information, nor will we.
INFORMATION ABOUT OUR CUSTOMERS (I.E. THOSE WHO CREATE THEIR OWN MESSAGE BOARD OR FORUM)
Information necessary to provide you with services may be shared, such as:
If you make a payment, we need to share your information with our billing providers to process the payment, prevent fraud, or resolve disputes regarding your payment.
We may disclose information in certain circumstances in response to a court order or in response to a subpoena or other judicial or administrative process, or may do so if we believe there has been a violation of law or an emergency necessitating such disclosure.
We do not utilize a promotional mailing list of any kind. We will use your email address only to provide requested assistance or information, to remind you of an upcoming billing renewal, or to provide information that may be required by law, or if we have information that we believe may materially affect your usage of our services.
MESSAGE POSTINGS
When you post to a message board or forum, you are sharing your submission publicly; message postings are not private.
Any information revealed in a posting to a message board or forum provided through our service becomes public information. Should you choose to include your email address or other contact information in a posting, you may be subject to unsolicted correspondence from other viewers of your post. Your posting could be indexed by search engines and found in their listings. You should exercise caution when deciding to disclose any personal information.
Many of our customers allow users to post messages without registering. This enhances privacy, but also makes abuse more difficult to prevent. Therefore, after any posting, a truncated version of your IP address (with the last octet dropped for privacy), as well as your user-agent string, which ordinarily includes such information as your computer's operating system and the type and version of your web browser, is available to the owner and/or moderators of the message board or forum you have posted at. This is necessary for the owner to administrate their message board or forum, and to control abuse by permitting them to place IP address bans.
For the limited purpose of abuse prevention, Boardhost may preserve the full IP address and user-agent string information related to any message posting. Boardhost may reveal such information to governmental agencies, courts, or other third-parties if we believe, in our sole discretion that you have or may have committed illegal activities, violated our Usage Terms, violated the rights of third-parties,
impaired in any respect the ability of Boardhost to operate our service properly, or endanged in any respect Boardhost or third-parties, or in the event that the information is subpoeaned or subject to other judicial or administrative process. Such records will not be used for any other purpose.
CORRESPONDENCE WITH US
Correspondence received from customers of our service (who identify themselves as such) regarding their account will ordinarily not be revealed to third-parties except as we deem, in our sole discretion, necessary for us to address any issues raised in or by such correspondence, or as required by law.
If you're contacting us about someone else's account, your correspondence may be revealed to that customer, or to other third-parties at our sole discretion (even if the third-party contacting us is also our customer). For instance, if we receive a complaint regarding a customer's account, we may reveal that complaint to the account holder, so that they may address the situation.
UPDATING, REMOVING, OR REVIEWING YOUR INFORMATION
Removing a message board or forum
If you created a message board, it may be removed from our service by visiting here. All content, postings, and associated users will be erased.
If you created a forum, it may be removed from our service by logging into your Forum Administration Area and using the "Forum Removal" link on the bottom of the first page. All content, postings, and associated users will be erased.
Removing an account at a message board or forum
Your registration can be deleted by logging into the message board or forum and clicking the "My Options" link at the top of the page. This page will have information on removing your account, and may allow you to remove the postings you have made to the forum.
Requests to remove individual message postings should otherwise be addressed to a message board or forum's owner. If you would like to request our assistance, please contact us.
Other requests and reviewing your information
Other requests for removing, updating, reviewing or otherwise related to information under this Privacy Policy may be requested via our contact form. We will respond within 30 days, and may request information sufficient for us to verify that you are inquiring about your own information.
Please note that most information requested and stored by us is the minimum necessary for us to provide services to you, therefore if you request that your information be removed, you may not be able to use our services.
INTERNATIONAL USERS
We are based in the United States and our servers are hosted in the United States. You authorize us to store in the United States any information or content you may post, create, or otherwise make available to our service in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
OUR WEBSITE USES THIRD-PARTY ADVERTISING AND COOKIES
Unless a message board or forum owner subscribes to one of our paid service plans, their message board or forum will feature banner advertisements. This allows us to offer our service for free. When you view pages on a message board or forum, third party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on your prior visits to this or other websites (except as indicated below). You may review how Google uses information by visiting here.
If you are not in California or the European Economic Area: You may opt out of the use of cookies for personalized advertising on our website by visiting here.
If you are detected as being located in California or the European Economic Area (based on your IP address): We have opted to show you only non-personalized ads on our site, by default. These ads do not take into account past behavior or website visits. Although these ads don't use cookies for ads personalization, they do use cookies to allow for frequency capping, aggregated ad reporting, and to combat fraud and abuse.
We use other cookies that are necessary for the functionality of our services, such as when you log in, vote in a poll, open and close postings, opt-out of personalized advertising, or when you are asked to consent to the usage of cookies or agree to our policies. These cookies do not track you, but instead provide this basic functionality. You may configure your browser to reject such cookies, but our services may not work correctly and/or your functionality may be reduced.
DO NOT TRACK (DNT)
Our website does not currently respond to "do not track" or "DNT" signals that may be sent as a result of a web browser's settings.
OUR WEBSITE USES GOOGLE'S RECAPTCHA SERVICE TO HELP ELIMINATE SPAM
We use Google's reCAPTCHA service on certain forms on our site. This helps prevent spam robots from consuming our resources by requiring the submitter to prove they are not a robot.
Use of reCAPTCHA is subject to Google's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. You consent to these policies and and such usage of information by using or interacting with such forms.
LOG DATA
We may log IP address and user-agent string information associated with requests to our servers, regardless of whether you post a message. This is necessary so that we can diagnose errors, connection issues, and control abuse of our resources. Such log information is ordinarily retained for a maximum period of 3 days and is not used for marketing purposes, distributed, or linked to any identifiable information.
OUR WEBSITE HOSTS CONTENT CREATED BY THIRD-PARTIES
We make no representations or warranties of the privacy practices of our customers or other third-parties who post or provide content to a message board or forum. Customers and third-parties are responsible for their own compliance with any applicable laws or regulations.
CHILDREN'S PRIVACY
We do not knowingly collect or maintain information from persons under 13 years of age.
USAGE TERMS AND TERMS OF SERVICE
Usage of our services is subject to our Usage Terms and Terms of Service. To the extent that there is any conflict with either of these documents, the Usage Terms or Terms of Service, as appropriate, will prevail.
MODIFICATIONS
This document and our policies may change from time to time. Any such modifications will be posted at this address. Please check here regularly for any such changes to our policies. If you are our customer (i.e. you have a message board or forum of your own) and we change this policy in what we believe is a material way in our sole discretion, we will attempt to notify you via email.
CONTACTING US ABOUT THIS PRIVACY POLICY
You may contact us via our contact form or via mail, at Boardhost.com, Inc., PO Box 3286, Dubuque, IA 52004
Create a Free Forum
Boardhost Features
Frequently Asked Questions
Contact Us
Terms of Service
Links
Administration Area
Service Plans
Board Listings
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
DMCA
Copyright © Boardhost.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.