http://www.bosseveryware.com/privacy.html
Home
Overview
OurCust
Privacy
Pressrel
Old News
Download
Register
FAQ
Support
Faq
Links & Awards
Screenshot
How It Works
Feature List
Boss Everyware
See All Computer
See what people do on your computers
Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting the Alexander Jmerik's web site, www.bosseveryware.com, and reviewing the privacy policy.
Our privacy policy is clear: we will collect no personal information about you when you visit our web site unless you choose to provide that information to us. We recognize the importance of protecting your personal information and comply with laws and regulations designed to secure that privacy. We encourage you to take the time to read this privacy policy and those of any web site you visit. Here is how we handle information about your visit to our web site.
Information Collected and Stored Automatically
Our web sites do not use cookies. In general, when you visit our web sites and access information you remain anonymous. If you do nothing during your visit but browse through the web site, read pages or download information, we only will gather and store general information, which does not identify you personally. We automatically collect and store only the following information about your visit:
The Internet domain and IP address from which you access our web site
The type of browser and operating system used to access our site
The date and time you access our site
The pages you visit
If you linked to our web site from another web site, the address of that web site and/or search engine/directory keyword search terms.
If You Send Us Personal Information
If you choose to provide us with personal information, as in an e-mail or by filling out a form with your personal information and submitting it to us through our web site, we use that information to respond to your message and to help us get you the information you have requested. We do not collect personal information for any purpose other than to respond to you. We do not create individual profiles with the information you provide or to give it to any private organizations. We maintain a strict "No-Spam" policy, which means that we do not intend to sell, rent, or otherwise give your e-mail address or other personal information to a third-party.
Links To Other Web Sites
Our web site has links to several other sites. Once you link to another web site, you are subject to the privacy policy of the new site.
Children
None of the web sites covered by this policy knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under age 13. If we discover that a child under the age of 13 has provided us with any personally identifiable information, we will delete that information from our systems.
Questions
We welcome comments and questions on this policy. We are dedicated to protecting your personal information, and will make every reasonable effort to keep that information secure. Due to the rapidly evolving technologies on the Internet, we may occasionally update this policy. All revisions will be posted to this web site. Questions regarding this policy should be directed to Alexander Jmerik, jmerik@bosseveryware.com.
Subscribe to us
Become Boss from Winning Betting Online - How to Keep Winning Using Anytime
Goalscorer Bet?
Know The Popularity of Live Roulette
in Gambling Online
Copyright © bosseveryware.com. All rights reserved.