https://www.unilogik.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
The following Privacy Statement outlines our practices with regard to the information we receive through our website www.unilogik.com
Information Collection
Unilogik collects personal information when you submit a query, request information, or register for our events voluntarily. Personal information collected comprises of your Name, Phone No., and Email Address. It is advised not to share any sensitive information through our website.
By submitting your form, you accept that in accordance with this Privacy Policy, Unilogik Systems can collect, use, store, manage, and remove your personal information.
Unilogik also gathers general information relating to each website user for all visits to our website, such as the IP address of the client, operating system, browser type and version number, and the web pages visited on our site. This information is aggregated with all other guests’ information.
Usage and Handling of Information
The personal information received from the visitors via e-mail is only given to our office workers, who need the information to respond to inquiries. The information is not used for any other purposes. With security protections like access controls, we secure the custody of all personal information.
Embedded Content From Other Websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Unilogik takes no responsibility for these other websites’ information practices, and we strongly urge all website users to check the privacy policy and statements of all externally linked websites.
Compliance
Unilogik will use a self-assessment approach to ensure compliance with this Privacy Policy, and will periodically check for its accuracy.
Questions
If you have any questions or concerns about this privacy statement or our treatment of your data collected under this Privacy Policy, please contact our office at info@unilogik.com