https://www.ebiexperts.com/privacy-policy/
+27 73 273 5775 sales@ebiexperts.com
Facebook
Twitter
Facebook
Twitter
My Profile
Login
Support
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY Your privacy is important to us!
ebiexperts is a service provided by QVAuctor Limited. Our service provides access to product related content, collateral, downloadable and streaming content. We do not take any responsibility for the correctness of data and or information provided – please see our Terms of Use Policy. These definitions should help you understand this policy: When we say “we”, “us”, “our”, “ebi”, “ebiexperts” and QVAuctor we are referring to QVAuctor Limited a China private, proprietary limited company. This privacy statement explains what personal data we collect from you, through our interactions with you and through our products, and how we use that data. Our policy reflects the clearest way we can communicate to you about how we treat your personal information. Please read it carefully and post any questions you may have to privacy@ebiexperts.com. Please also read our Terms of Use. References to our products in this statement including https://www.ebiexperts.com services or any of our hosted product related demo, test, POC, development and other sites. This Privacy Policy applies to these specific websites, as well as any other sites or mobile applications owned or operated by us (each a “website” and together the “websites”). The “websites” include the websites themselves, and any web pages, interactive features, applications, widgets, blogs, social networks, social network “tabs,” or other online, chat bots, bots, mobile, or wireless offerings that post a link to this Privacy Policy, whether accessed via computer, mobile device, or other technology, manner or means. While providing the services, and as described in more detail below, we may collect Personal Information about a website visitor, subscriber, sub-user, person or email address on or related to a user’s account. This statement applies to our interactions with you, and products listed, as well as other products that display this statement. Changes We may change this Privacy Policy at any time and from time to time. The most recent version of the Privacy Policy is reflected by the version date located at the bottom of this Privacy Policy. All updates and amendments are effective immediately upon notice, which we may give by any means, including, but not limited to, by posting a revised version of this Privacy Policy or other notice on the website. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy often to stay informed of changes that may affect you, as your continued use of the website signifies your continuing consent to be bound by this Privacy Policy. Our electronically or otherwise properly stored copies of this Privacy Policy are each deemed to be the true, complete, valid, authentic, and enforceable copy of the version of this Privacy Policy which were in effect on each respective date you visited the website. By accessing our website, portal and using the service provided you consent to the terms of this policy and agree to be bound by it and our terms of use. Scope This Privacy Policy is effective with respect to any data that we have collected, or collect, about and/or from you, in accordance with our Terms of Use. Questions & Concerns If you have any questions or comments, or if you want to update, delete, or change any Personal Information we hold, or you have a concern about the way in which we have handled any privacy matter, please use our contact form to send us a message. You may also contact us by postal mail or email at: QVAuctor Limited Attn: Privacy Officer privacy@ebiexperts.com Room 1203, 12/F, Tower 3, China Hong Kong City, 33 Canton road, Tsim sha tsui, Kowloon, Hong Kong   YOUR INFORMATION Information We Collect Services may or may not involve the collection and storage of data about companies and/or individuals. You can choose not to provide your personal information to us, but that may mean that we are unable to provide you with a service. We refer to the following type users within our policy:
User: a user that has registered, subscribed or otherwise authorized us to provide them with a service to which they would have accepted our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy Sub-user: a user that is connected, invited or otherwise affiliate with the User and the User has provided the Sub-user’s personal information to us. The Sub-use may or may not access the service at any time and may or may not have accepted any of our Terms of Use or Privacy Policy terms. Please read our (Data Collected for and by our Users)section of this policy on the User’s responsibility for sub-user information
We may collect personal information when you:
Register and or subscribe to services Use the services Post on any communities and blogs or other public forums Contact our support teams Send us emails Visit our site or portal Integrate our service with other systems or services communicate with us in any way, you are voluntarily giving us information that we collect.
This information may include either your or your subscribers’, and imported 3rd party data’ name, physical address, email address, IP address, phone number, credit card information, as well as details including gender, occupation, location, purchase history, other demographic information and service provision related information such as accounting data, social media data, productivity data, customer resource planning data and so forth. By giving us this information, you consent to this information being collected, used, disclosed, transferred to our platform and stored by us, as described in our Terms of Useand in this Privacy Policy. We collect, store and use your personal data We collect personal data in order to render services you may request. We may use personal information you provided for the purposes related to provision of such services including but not limited to:
Verify your identity Administer the service Notify you of any updates and changes to the, and, services offered Provide necessary marketing and training related to the services Assist with the provision of technical and other support services Comply with laws and regulations in the applicable jurisdictions Communicate with you
Use and Disclosure of Personal Information We may use and disclose Personal Information only for the following purposes:
(a) To promote use of our services to you and others. For example, if we collect your Personal Information when you visit our website and do not sign up for any of the services, we may send you an email inviting you to sign up. If you use any of our services and we think you might benefit from using another service we offer, we may send you an email about that. You can stop receiving our promotional emails by following the unsubscribe instructions included in every email we send. In addition, we may use information we collect in order to advertise our services to you or suggest additional features of our services that you might consider using. In addition, we may use your Personal Information to advertise our services to potential or other users like you. For more information on how we use cookies or other tracking technologies for these purposes, as well as how to opt out of the use of cookies. (b) To send you informational and promotional content in accordance with your marketing preferences. You can stop receiving our promotional emails by following the unsubscribe instructions included in every email. (c) To bill and collect money owed to us by our users. This includes sending you emails, invoices, receipts, notices of delinquency, and alerting you if we need a different credit card number. We use third parties for secure credit card transaction processing, and we send billing information to those third parties to process your orders and credit card payments. To learn more about the steps we take to safeguard that data, see Section on Security below. (d) To send you System Alert messages. For example, we may inform you of temporary or permanent changes to our services, such as planned outages, new features, version updates, releases, abuse warnings, and changes to our Privacy Policy. (e) To communicate with our users about their account and provide customer support. (f) To enforce compliance with our Terms of Use and applicable law. This may include developing tools and algorithms that help us prevent violations. (g) To protect the rights and safety of our sub-user and third parties, as well as our own. (h) To meet legal requirements, including complying with court orders, valid discovery requests, valid subpoenas, and other appropriate legal mechanisms. (i) To provide information to representatives and advisors, including attorneys and accountants, to help us comply with legal, accounting, or security requirements. (j) To prosecute and defend a court, arbitration, or similar legal proceeding. (k) To respond to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. (l) To provide, support, and improve the Services we offer. This includes our use of the data that users provide us in order to enable our users to use the services to communicate with their sub-users. This also includes, for example, aggregating information from your use of the services or visit to our websites and sharing this information with third parties to improve our services. This might also include sharing your information or the information you provide us about your sub-users with third parties in order to provide and support our services or to make certain features of the services available to you. When we do have to share Personal Information with third parties, we take steps to protect your information by requiring these third parties to enter into a contract with us that requires them to use the Personal Information we transfer to them in a manner that is consistent with this policy. (m) To provide suggestions to you. This includes adding features that compare user’ email campaigns, using data to suggest other publishers you may be interested in, or using data to suggest products or services that you may be interested in or that may be relevant to you or your sub-users. Some of these suggestions are generated by use of our Data Science Projects. For more information about our use of cookies and other tracking technologies for this purpose, and instructions about how to opt out of having data collected through the use of cookies. (n) To transfer your information in the case of a sale, merger, consolidation, liquidation, reorganization, or acquisition. In that event, any acquirer will be subject to our obligations under this Privacy Policy, including your rights to access and choice. We will notify you of the change either by sending you an email or posting a notice on our website.
Data Collected for and by our Users As you use our services, you may import into our system Personal Information you have collected from your sub-user or other individuals. We have no direct relationship with your sub-users or any person other than you, and for that reason, you are responsible for making sure you have the appropriate permission for us to collect and process information about those individuals. Consistent with the uses of Personal Information covered in Section (Use and Disclosure of Personal Information)below, we may transfer Personal Information of you or your sub-users to companies that help us promote, provide, or support our services or the services of our users (“Service Providers”). All Service Providers enter into a contract with us that protects Personal Information and restricts their use of any Personal Information consistent with this policy. As part of our Services, we may use and incorporate into features information you have provided, we have collected from you, or we have collected about sub-users. We may share this information, including sub-user email addresses, with third parties in line with the approved uses in Section (Use and Disclosure of Personal Information) below. If you are a sub-user and no longer want to be contacted by one of our user, please unsubscribe directly from that newsletter or contact the user directly to update or delete your data. If you contact us, we may remove or update your information within a reasonable time and after providing notice to the user of your request. We will retain Personal Information we process on behalf of our users for as long as needed to provide our services or to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, prevent abuse, and enforce our agreements. Information We Collect Automatically When you use the Services or browse one of our websites, we may collect information about your visit to our websites, your usage of the services, and your web browsing. That information may include your IP address, your operating system, your browser ID, your browsing activity, and other information about how you interacted with our websites or other websites. We may collect this information as a part of log files as well as through the use of cookies or other tracking technologies. We may receive information about how and when you use the services, store it in log files or other types of files associated with your account, and link it to other information we collect about you. This information may include, for example, your IP address, time, date, browser used, and actions you have taken within the application. This type of information helps us to improve our services for both you and for all of our users. In providing the service, we may utilize “cookies”. A cookie is a small text file that is stored on your computer for record-keeping purposes. A cookie does not identify you personally or contain any other information about you, but it does identify your computer. We and some of our affiliates and third-party service providers may use a combination of “persistent cookies” (cookies that remain on your hard drive for an extended period of time) and “session ID cookies” (cookies that expire when you close your browser) on the Website to, for example, track overall site usage, and track and report on your use and interaction with ad impressions and ad services. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie so that you will have an opportunity to either accept or reject it in each instance. However, you should note that refusing cookies may have a negative impact on the functionality and usability of the service. We do not respond to or honour “Do Not Track” requests at this time. Web beacons: We or our marketing Service Providers may use web beacons on our websites and in our emails. When we send emails to registered users and subscribers, we may track behavior such as who opened the emails and who clicked the links. This allows us to measure the performance of our email campaigns and to improve our features for specific segments of users. To do this, we include single pixel gifs, also called web beacons, in emails we send. Web beacons allow us to collect information about when you open the email, your IP address, your browser or email client type, and other similar details. We also include Web Beacons in the emails we deliver for you. We use the data from those Web Beacons to create reports about how your email campaign performed and what actions your all relevant users took. Reports are also available to us when we send email to you, so we may collect and review that information. Information from other sources:  From time to time we may obtain information about you or your sub-users from third party sources, such as public databases, social media platforms, third party data providers and our joint marketing partners. We take steps to ensure that such third parties are legally permitted or required to disclose such information to us. Examples of the information we may receive from other sources include: demographic information, device information (such as IP addresses), location, and online behavioral data (such as information about your use of social media websites, page view information and search results and links). We use this information, alone or in combination with other information (including Personal Information) we collect, to enhance our ability to provide relevant marketing and content to you and to develop and provide you with more relevant products features, and services. Information from the use of our Mobile Apps: When you use our mobile apps, we may collect certain information in addition to information described elsewhere in this Policy. For example, we may collect information about the type of device and operating system you use. We may ask you if you want to receive push notifications about activity in your account. If you have opted in to these notifications and no longer want to receive them, you may turn them off through your operating system. We do not ask for, access or track any location-based information from your mobile device at any time while downloading or using our Mobile Apps or Services. We may use mobile analytics software to better understand how people use our application. We may collect information about how often you use the application and other performance data. Combined and Aggregated Information:
We may combine Personal Information with other information we collect or obtain about you (such as information we source from our third party partners), to serve you specifically, such as to deliver a product or service according to your preferences or restrictions, or for advertising or targeting purposes in accordance with this Privacy Policy. When we combine Personal Information with other information in this way, we treat it as, and apply all of the safeguards in this Privacy Policy applicable to, Personal Information.
Assist us to better understand our customer’s use of the service Provide our customers with further information regarding the uses, value, benefits and information on the service Enhance customer productivity, including creating useful business insights from aggregated data, and allowing benchmarking your data against that aggregated data, and Improve the service
Public Information and Third Party Websites
(a) Blog. We may have public blogs on our websites. Any information you include in a comment on our blog may be read, collected, and used by anyone. If your Personal Information appears on our blogs and you want it removed, contact us here. If we are unable to remove your information, we will tell you why. (b) Social media platforms and widgets. Our websites include social media features, such as the Facebook Like button. These features may collect information about your IP address and which page you are visiting on our website, and they may set a cookie to make sure the feature functions properly. Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our website. We also maintain presences on social media platforms including Facebook, Twitter, and LinkedIn at present. Any information, communications, or materials you submit to us via a social media platform is done at your own risk without any expectation of privacy. We cannot control the actions of other users of these platforms or the actions of the platforms themselves. Your interactions with those features and platforms are governed by the privacy policies of the companies that provide them. (c) Links to third-party websites. Our websites may include links to other websites, whose privacy practices may be different from ours. If you submit Personal Information to any of those sites, your information is governed by their privacy policies. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy policy of any website you visit.
Third Parties We may disclose Personal Information to the following types of third parties for the purposes described in this policy:
(a) Service Providers. Sometimes, we share your information with our third party Service Providers, who help us provide and support our services. For example, if it is necessary to provide you something you have requested (like enable a feature such as Social Media Integration), then we may share your and/or your sub-users’ Personal Information with a Service Provider for that purpose. Just like with the other third parties we work with, these third party Service Providers enter into a contract that requires them to use your Personal Information only for the provision of services to us and in a manner that is consistent with this policy. Examples of Service Providers include payment processors, hosting services and content delivery services. (b) Advertising partners. We may partner with third party advertising networks and exchanges to display advertising on our websites or to manage and serve our advertising on other sites and may share Personal Information with them for this purpose. All third parties with which we share this information are required to use your Personal Information in a manner that is consistent with this policy. We and our third party partners may use cookies and other tracking technologies, such as pixels and web beacons, to gather information about your activities on our Websites and other sites in order to provide you with targeted advertising based on your browsing activities and interests.
Contest and Offers We may, from time to time, offer surveys, contests, special offers, or other promotions on our websites or through social media (collectively “Our Promotions”). Participation in our Promotions is completely voluntary. Information requested for entry may include personal contact information such as your name, address, date of birth, phone number, email address, username, and similar details. We use the information you provide to administer our Promotions. We may also, unless prohibited by the Promotion’s rules or law, use the information provided to communicate with you, or other people you select, about our Services. We may share this information with our affiliates and other organizations or Service Providers in line with this policy and the rules posted for the Promotion. We store your personal information on servers located inEuropean Union (EU) We use best in class data hosting providers (OVH)to host our services on servers located in European Union (EU). Should you not be a resident of such EU countries it would mean that your personal information will be transferred to these countries/regions. We have the necessary transfer mechanisms in place with our third party providers that satisfy the requirements related to our transfer of data from other countries and regions. By providing personal information you consent to such personal information being hosted on servers located in the EU. Each data hosting provider’s role is limited to providing a hosting and storage service to us and have taken provisions to ensure our providers do not have access to personal information. The data may be hosted in EU but is always remain within our control. Our hosting partners may not control and are not permitted to access or use your personal information, except for the limited purpose of storing the provided information. This means that we do not “disclose” personal information to third parties located overseas. Should you not wish your personal data to be transferred to servers in EU, you should not provide us with your personal information or use the service. Protecting your personal details We are committed to protecting the security of your personal information and we take all reasonable precautions to protect it from unauthorised access, modification or disclosure. Your personal information is stored on secure servers that have SSL Certificates issued by leading certificate authorities, and all data transferred between the service and the user is encrypted. You can find out more about our security arrangements and our data protection measures on our security section below. However, the Internet is not in itself a secure environment and we cannot give an absolute assurance that information will be secure at all times. Transmission of personal information over the Internet is at your own risk and you should only enter, or instruct the entering of, personal information to the service within a secure environment. We will advise you at the first reasonable opportunity upon discovering or being advised of a security breach where your personal information is lost, stolen, accessed, used, disclosed, copied, modified, or disposed of by any unauthorised persons or in any unauthorised manner. We only disclose Personal Information in limited circumstances We will only disclose the personal information you have provided to us to entities outside the QVAuctor group of companies if it is necessary and appropriate to facilitate the purpose for which your personal information was collected pursuant to this Policy, including the provision of the service. We will not otherwise disclose your personal information to a third party unless you have provided your express consent. However, you should be aware that we may be required to disclose your personal information without your consent in order to comply with any court orders, subpoenas, or other legal process or investigation including by tax authorities, if such disclosure is required by law. Where possible and appropriate, we will notify you if we are required by law to disclose your personal information. We do not store credit card details If you choose to pay for the service by credit card, your credit card details are not stored by the service and cannot be accessed by our staff. Your credit card details are encrypted and securely stored by the authorised payment gateway service utilized to enable us to automatically bill your credit card on a recurring basis. You may request access to your personal information It is your responsibility to ensure that the personal information you provide to us is accurate, complete and up-to-date. You may request access to the information we hold about you, or request that we update or correct any personal information we hold about you, by setting out your request in writing and sending it to us at privacy@ebiexperts.com We will process your request as soon as reasonably possible, provided we are not otherwise prevented from doing so on legal grounds. If we are unable to meet your request, we will let you know why. For example, it may be necessary for us to deny your request if it would have an unreasonable impact on the privacy or affairs of other individuals, or if it is not reasonable and practical for us to process your request in the manner you have requested. In some circumstances, it may be necessary for us to seek to arrange access to your personal information through a mutually agreed intermediary (for example, a sub-user). We’ll only keep your personal information for as long as we require it for the purposes of providing you with the service. However, we may also be required to keep some of your personal information for specified periods of time, for example under certain laws relating to corporations, money laundering, and financial reporting legislation. You can opt-out of any email communications We send billing information, product information, service updates and service notifications to you via email. Our emails will contain clear and obvious instructions describing how you can choose to be removed from any mailing list not essential to the service. We will remove you at your request. You are responsible for transfer of your data to third-party applications The service may allow you, the sub-user, or another invited user within the relevant subscription to the service to transfer data, including your personal information, electronically to and from third-party applications. We have no control over, and takes no responsibility for, the privacy practices or content of these applications. You are responsible for checking the privacy policy of any such applications so that you can be informed of how they will handle personal information.   SECURITY Notice of Breach of Security If a security breach causes an unauthorized intrusion into our system that materially affects you or sub-users, then we will notify you as soon as possible and later report the action we took in response. Safeguarding Your Information We take reasonable and appropriate measures to protect Personal Information from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction, taking into account the risks involved in the processing and the nature of the Personal Information. Our credit card processing vendor uses security measures to protect your information both during the transaction and after it is complete. Our vendor is certified as compliant with card association security initiatives. If you have any questions about the security of your Personal Information, you may contact us at privacy@ebiexperts.com Most of our service accounts require a username and password to log in. You must keep your username and password secure, and never disclose it to a third party. Because the information in your service and sub-users is so sensitive, account passwords are encrypted, which means we cannot see your passwords. We cannot resend forgotten passwords either. We will only reset them. We have a privacy complaints process If You wish to complain about how we have handled your personal information, please provide our Privacy Officer with full details of your complaint and any supporting documentation:
by e-mail at privacy@ebiexperts.com, or by letter to The Privacy Officer, QVAuctor, Room 1203, 12/F, Tower 3, China Hong Kong City, 33 Canton road, Tsim sha tsui, Kowloon, Hong Kong
Our Privacy Officer will endeavour to:
provide an initial response to your query or complaint within 10 business days, and investigate and attempt to resolve your query or complaint within 30 business days or such longer period as is necessary and notified to you by our Privacy Officer.
This policy may be updated from time to time We reserve the right to change this Policy at any time, and any amended Policy is effective upon posting to this website. We will make every effort to communicate any significant changes to you via email or notification via the service. Your continued use of the service will be deemed acceptance of any amended Policy.   Last updated: May 2018   LoginUsernamePassword
Remember Me
RegisterForgot Password? Recent Posts
Movember & SAPBO 4.3 Supported!
Source Control: Your Single Source Of Truth
Jira Atlassian Integration Product Launch
WIP Competitive Exchange Program
WIP: Agile Source Control As A Service
Archives
November 2020 October 2020 September 2020 August 2020 June 2020 May 2020 February 2020 December 2019 November 2019 October 2018 August 2018 April 2018 March 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 March 2017 February 2017 December 2016 September 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016
[ Placeholder content for popup link ] WordPress Download Manager - Best Download Management Plugin
Close
Name
First
Last Company NameEmail* Mobile Number*Product Integration Interest*
Qlik
SAP CAPTCHA
This iframe contains the logic required to handle Ajax powered Gravity Forms.
×
Name
First
Last Company NameEmail* Mobile Number*Country*Required for time purposesProduct Integration Interest*
Qlik
SAP CAPTCHA
This iframe contains the logic required to handle Ajax powered Gravity Forms.
×
Partner Application Form
Name*
First
Last Email* Phone*Country*Skype / Zoom / MS Teams / OtherInterest Type*
Qlik
SAP Message*Privacy*
By using this form you agree to our Terms Of Use Policy. View our Privacy PolicyCAPTCHA
This iframe contains the logic required to handle Ajax powered Gravity Forms.
×
This site uses cookies: Find out more.Okay, thanks