http://www.storevalley.co.uk/privacy.htm
Privacy Statement
Our privacy policy and cookie usage
Store Valley takes the protection of your privacy seriously.
This page gives you some details about the way we use any information we might collect from you ...
Personal Information & GDPR
We do not store personal data relating to Store Valley's customers or employees online. We do have data relating to employees, suppliers and customers stored on office computers, and will happily comply with any request required of us by the GDPR regulations free of charge.
The data controller of this website is:
Seismic Technology Limited (UK Company Registration Number 3183392)
31 Silverwood Close,
Lowestoft
Suffolk
NR33 7LX
Data Protection Officer
Please contact our data protection officer if you need to request access to the data that we hold on you, or request that this information is removed from our systems:
Mr. Mick Garlick
Director, Seismic Technology Limited
Telephone: +44 (0)1502 584888
Email: mick.garlick@storevalley.co.uk
Third Parties
We will never sell or rent any information collected to third parties.
Nor will we ever divulge any information to a third party that allows you to be personally identified.
Information About The Cookies We Use
Cookies are small amounts of information which we may store on your computer.
Unless you have configured your browser not to accept them, our system will issue cookies to your computer when you use the site. Cookies make it easier for you to log on to and use the site during future visits. They also allow us to monitor website traffic and to personalise the content of the site for you.
We use a number of different cookies on our site. If you do not know what cookies are, or how to control or delete them, then we recommend you visit aboutcookies.org for detailed guidance.
For a better understanding of cookies please see the aboutcookies.org frequently asked questions page here.
Our Cookie Policy & The 'Cookie Law'
Currently we operate an 'implied consent' policy which means that we assume you are happy with us using cookies as described on this page to improve your experience while using our website.
If you are not happy, then you should either not use this site, or you should delete the cookies having visited the site, or you should browse the site using your browser's anonymous usage setting (called "Incognito" in Chrome, "InPrivate" for Internet Explorer, "Private Browsing" in Firefox and Safari etc.)
First Party Cookies
These are cookies that are set by this website directly.
Google Analytics: We use Google Analytics to collect information about visitor behaviour on our website. Google Analytics stores information about what pages you visit, how long you are on the site, how you found us and what you click on. This data is not tied to personally identifiable information. We do not collect or store your personal information (e.g. your name or address) so this information cannot be used to identify who you are.
You can find out more about Google's position on privacy as regards its analytics service here.
Our Site: Cookies are used to store basic data on your interactions with our site. We use session cookies to remember your login if you are a registered user and they are strictly necessary for the website to work as you expect. If these are disabled then various pieces of functionality on the site will stop working.
More information on session cookies and what they are used for here.
Third Party Cookies
We do use any services on this site that set third party cookies.
Services
Web Site Promotion
Web Design
Web Hosting
Domain Names
Product Suggestion
Pricing
Vertical Markets
Car hire websites
Property rental websites
Retail development
Other Links
Site promotion. How does it work?
Direct mail against SEM: a comparison
Attracting new customers
Store Valley Internet Services, 31 Silverwood Close, Lowestoft,
Suffolk, NR33 7LX, UK. Telephone: +44 (0)1502 584888. Email: info@storevalley.co.uk