https://www.skillsurvey.com/privacy-policy/
skip to content
Privacy Policy
The SkillSurvey System
SkillSurvey, Inc. provides a web-based service that enables people who have worked with or supervised an individual to provide confidential feedback on the individual’s competencies for a specific job.
Organizations and individuals (Subscribers) use the service to send emails or text messages to the job candidate and the candidate’s references. The reference email or text contains a link to a web-based survey, which the reference then completes and submits electronically.
Reports are either generated automatically or monitored and finalized by Subscriber personnel (such as HR staff, recruiters, hiring managers, career offices, etc.).
SkillSurvey also provides services related to physician credentialing for healthcare providers.  Additionally, SkillSurvey provides services related to receiving feedback on the critical competencies desired by employers following student work experiences.
This Privacy Policy describes the way SkillSurvey collects, uses, and secures your personal information, both through our web-based software and on our website, www.skillsurvey.com (collectively, “SkillSurvey”). By using the SkillSurvey services, you consent to this Privacy Policy.
General Security Policy
Your privacy is our top concern. We work hard to earn and keep your trust, so we adhere to the following principles to protect your privacy:
•We will only ask for the minimum personal information required to successfully complete the SkillSurvey reference checking process for our Subscribers
•We will never rent or sell the personal information of any user of our system (e.g. recruiter, candidate, reference, etc.) to third parties for their marketing purposes
•Any sensitive information that you provide will be protected with industry standard protocols and technology
Notice of all changes that materially affect ways in which your personal information may be used or shared will be posted in updates to our Privacy Policy or as otherwise required by applicable law. If you continue to use the SkillSurvey service after notice of changes have been sent to you or published on our site, you hereby provide your consent to the changed practices.
Information Collection
For the 12-month period prior to the data of this Privacy Policy, we explain here what categories of personal information we have collected and how it is used and shared:
Category of Personal Information Collected
Source
Purpose for Collection
Categories of Recipients
Contact information: such as name, email address, address,  phone number, and government issued ID
From you or our Subscribers registers you for our service
To communicate with and respond to you and our Subscribers about your reference check report and the services provided by SkillSurvey
We may share this information with select service providers and partners who help deliver and maintain the services along with your references and our Subscribers where needed to deliver the services
Reference feedback: such as information about your roles, history and performance at prior employers
From the references you choose to respond to our survey
To prepare the reference reports provided to our Subscribers
We may share this information with select service providers and partners who help deliver and maintain the services, along with the Subscribers who use our service.
Browsing information: such as your IP address, MAC address or other device identifier, the kind of browser or computer you use, pages and content that you visit on the website, what you click on, the state and country from which you access the Site, date and time of your visit, and web pages you linked to our website
Your interactions with the website, including through the use of cookies and other tracking technologies explained further below
To evaluate usage of the website and improve performance and services; to deliver targeted online marketing to you;  and to protect the security and integrity of the services and our website, such as preventing fraud, hacking, and other criminal activity or to meet legal obligations
Our service providers who help us with fraud protection, website analytics, and marketing
Suspected crime information:  details of your identity, image, name and address, suspected or alleged thefts, fraud, assault or other criminal behavior
From crime and fraud prevention agencies, from you, witnesses, and from the police
To protect users, employees or customers, the public and our business against risks and crime
Law enforcement and other governmental authorities in accordance with applicable law, and our professional advisors
For Candidate Reference Services
We receive personal information about you and your references in order to perform the SkillSurvey reference checking process for our Subscribers.
SkillSurvey may receive background/demographic information, on a voluntary or optional basis, from job candidates. This information will not be associated with the candidate’s name, email address, or any other personal information. This information will not be shared with a prospective employer. It will be used by SkillSurvey solely to monitor compliance with U.S. federal statutes and for other research purposes.
For Physician Credentialing Services
We receive personal information from physicians on behalf of certain healthcare providers for the provider’s use in the credentialing process. The personal information includes name, contact information, education, work and training history, references as well as other information customarily collected as part of a physician credentialing process.
For Career Readiness
We receive personal information about you and your references in order to facilitate Career Readiness assessments for our Subscribers.  You may be asked to provide additional optional information to SkillSurvey regarding your educational status and history, as well as feedback on your internship or other experience.
SkillSurvey may receive background/demographic information, on a voluntary or optional basis, from students and evaluators. This information will not be shared and will be solely used for research purposes.
Other Uses of Information
We may provide non-identifying aggregated data about the usage of our service to third-parties for such purposes as we deem, in our sole discretion, to be appropriate. This information may be used for joint research purposes and will be de-identified prior to any related data transfer. We may segment our users by role (i.e. product managers, vice presidents), industry, geographic location, company. If you would like to be excluded from the aggregated research, please email customer service. We may also associate non-identifying information, such as IP address, with identifying information for purposes of fraud detection.
For physicians participating in a credentialing process with a healthcare provider, we will disclose information as requested by the provider, such as to peer references.
It is possible that we may need to disclose personal information when required by law. We will disclose such information wherein we have a good-faith belief that it is necessary to comply with a court order, ongoing judicial proceeding, or other legal process served on our company or to exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims.
We reserve the right to transfer information (including personal information) to a third party in the event of a sale, merger, or transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of SkillSurvey, or in the unlikely event of a bankruptcy, liquidation or receivership of our business. We will endeavor to provide reasonable notice of any such change in ownership of personal information.
Cookies
SkillSurvey uses “cookies,” which are small pieces of information stored by your browser or other application on your computer’s browser or hard drive. We use cookies to remember certain information about visitors during their visit and may store information about your activity on the SkillSurvey application both within the same website visit and from one visit to the next. We may use cookies to recognize you and show you content on other websites based on your visits to the SkillSurvey application. The “help” portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive new cookies or how to disable cookies altogether. If you reject cookies, you may not be able to participate in certain activities or see content tailored to you. Please note that SkillSurvey does not control and do not guarantee the effectiveness of browser-based tools for managing cookies.
SkillSurvey uses Google Analytics web analytics service offered by Google to track and report website traffic. Google Analytics may leave cookies after each session. To learn how Google Analytics collects and processes data, please visit: “How Google uses data when you use our partners’ sites or apps” located at https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites.
In some jurisdictions, individuals may have the right to provide opt-in consent or withdraw consent for certain uses. If you reside in such jurisdictions, such as the European Union, you may have additional rights which are detailed below, “Access, Correction and Deletion.”
Communications & Opt-Out
As described above, Subscribers may use the service to communicate with job candidates and the candidate’s references through email and text message. Where applicable, candidates are required to represent and warrant that they agree to receive emails and text messages through SkillSurvey and that the references they designate also have consented to receive communications in that manner sent by or on behalf of the candidate. In particular, where candidates select text as their preferred method of contact for the candidate’s references and enter their mobile number(s), the candidate represents and warrants that each such reference has expressly consented to receive the texts from the candidate through SkillSurvey at the number provided for the purpose of job reference feedback. Note that SkillSurvey may partner with third parties to deliver and manage these communications on behalf of the candidate. The candidate and references can opt-out of these communications at any time, although doing so may impact the ability to use and benefit from SkillSurvey. Recipients of emails through SkillSurvey can opt out by clicking the opt-out link at the footer of SkillSurvey emails. Recipients of text messages can also opt-out at any time by responding S or STOP or sending S or STOP to the SkillSurvey shortcode.
Online Advertising
We may use third-party advertising companies that use tracking technologies to serve our advertisements across the Internet. These companies may collect information about your visits to the Site and other websites and your interaction with our advertising and other communications. These advertising companies serve ads on behalf of us and others on non-affiliated sites, and some of those ads may be personalized, meaning that they are intended to be relevant to you based on information collected about your visits to the Site and elsewhere over time. Other companies may also use such technology to advertise on the Site.
You have the choice to tell us not to collect and use this information, and in some jurisdictions, we will only engage in interest-based advertising if you opt-in. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices concerning interest-based ads, visit:
http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/
www.aboutads.info/choices
In Canada, please visit: http://youradchoices.ca/choices/
In the EU, please visit: http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/
Children’s Privacy
SkillSurvey is not directed at children under the age of 13 and we do not knowingly solicit or collect personal information from children under 13 without prior written and verifiable parental consent. If SkillSurvey learns that a child under the age of 13 has submitted personal information to us without parental consent, we will take all reasonable measures to delete such information from our databases and/or to not use such information for any purpose (except as necessary to protect the safety of the child or others as required or allowed by law). If you become aware of any personal information we have collected from a child under 13, please contact us.
Do Not Track Disclosure
Do Not Track (DNT) is a privacy preference that users can set in some web browsers, allowing users to opt -out of tracking by websites and online services. At the present time, the World Wide Web Consortium (W3C) has not yet established universal standards for recognizable DNT signals and therefore, we do not recognize DNT.
Your California Privacy Rights
If you are a California resident, you may contact us to request information about circumstances in which we share certain personal information with third parties for their own marketing purposes. As described above, we will never rent or sell the personal information of any user of our system to third parties for their own marketing purposes. For questions, please contact us as indicated in the “Contact Us” section of this Policy.
Residents of California also have the following rights with respect to personal information collected about them:
•The right to know the categories or the specific pieces of personal information.
•The right to request deletion of any personal information collected.
In addition to the submission of requests to exercise these rights directly, you may designate an authorized agent to make a request to know or request to delete on your behalf.  To submit a request to know or request to delete, you should contact the relevant SkillSurvey Subscriber. That may be a recruiter or company with which you applied for a job, or a candidate who sent you a request for feedback.
If you are unable to identify or contact the relevant Subscriber or would like to submit regarding any personal information we may have collected from you directly, you can contact us by email at: [support@skillsurvey.com].  Please let us know the nature of your request and include your name and your email address and telephone number on file with us.  When you exercise these rights and submit a proper request to us, we may verify your identity by asking you for additional information. We also may use a third party verification provider to verify your identity. SkillSurvey will endeavor to honor requests unless they are properly directed at a SkillSurvey subscriber or a lawful exemption under the CCPA applies. Please note that SkillSurvey is only required to honor such requests twice in a 12-month period.
Your exercise of these rights will have no adverse effect on the price and quality of our goods or services.
For the 12-month period prior to the date of this Privacy Policy, SkillSurvey has not sold any personal information about its clients; nor does it have any plans to do so in the future.
Rights of Access, Correction, & Deletion
If you reside in certain jurisdictions such as the EU and United Kingdom, you have the right to access or correct your personal information, and can make this request by contacting the relevant SkillSurvey subscriber. That may be a recruiter or company with which you applied for a job, or a candidate who sent you a request for feedback. In addition, you may request that the Subscriber delete or restrict access to your personal data. We or the Subscriber may need to retain it for legally permitted purposes and this will be explained to you if necessary.
If you are unable to identify or contact the relevant Subscriber, you can also contact us directly by reaching out to us as described in the “Contact Us” section below.
Retention of Personal Information
Personal information that we collect, access or process will be retained only as long as necessary for the fulfillment of the purposes for which it was collected, unless otherwise provided in agreements between SkillSurvey and its Subscribers or as required or authorized by law. Personal information that is no longer required to fulfill the identified purposes will be destroyed, erased or de-identified.
Visitors from Outside the United States—Cross-Border Transfer
SkillSurvey is hosted in the United States. If you are visiting our website or using our service from outside the United States, your information may be transferred to, stored and processed in the United States or other countries in accordance with this Privacy Policy. The data protection and other applicable laws of the United States or other countries may not be as comprehensive as those laws or regulations in your country or may otherwise differ from the data protection or consumer protection laws in your country. Your information may be available to government authorities under lawful orders and applicable laws in such jurisdictions. We will use an appropriate data transfer mechanism, such as the execution of Standard Contractual Clauses with our Subscribers. In addition, by using SkillSurvey and/or providing personal information to us, you consent to transfer your information to our facilities as described in this Privacy Policy.
Right to Lodge Complaints
We are transparent about the ways in which we collect and use personal information, and we welcome your questions and concerns. If you have any concerns or complaints about the way we handle your personal information, please contact us as described below. To the extent you believe we have not addressed your concerns, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority in the country where you reside and/or the United States. You may contact the US Federal Trade Commission regarding your concerns. For more information, please see https://www.ftc.gov/faq/consumer-protection/submit-consumer-complaint-ftc. If you reside in the European Union, you can also get more information by contacting the EU Data Protection Supervisor, please see https://edps.europa.eu/data-protection/our-role-supervisor/complaints_en.
Website Security
Special attention is appropriately given to website security and the overall security of all data storage, processing, and transmission systems. This website, and its use as a data conduit, is protected by:
•Firewalls with stateful packet inspection
•Use of Secure Socket Layer (SSL) to protect data in motion
•Use of encryption to protect data at rest
•Regular vulnerability scanning to identify new threats
•24x7 monitoring and intrusion detection
Further Information and Corporate Address
If you have any questions about the privacy statement and other policies outlined above, the practices of this site, or any other aspect of SkillSurvey, Inc., please contact:
SkillSurvey, Inc.
Corporate Headquarters
1235 Westlakes Drive
Suite 330
Berwyn, PA 19312
Email: support@skillsurvey.com
SkillSurvey reserves the right to change this policy at any time consistent with the provisions of this Privacy Policy and applicable law.