http://www.infinitconsulting.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we have developed this policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate and make use of personal information. The following outlines INFINIT’s privacy policy.
When accessing the www.INFINITconsulting.com website, we will learn certain information about you during your visit.
Similar to other commercial websites, our website utilizes a standard technology called “cookies” (see explanation below) and server logs to collect information about how our site is used. Information gathered through cookies and server logs may include the date and time of visits, the pages viewed, time spent at our site, and the websites visited just before and just after our own, as well as your IP address.
OUR DATA CONTROLLER
INFINIT Consulting handles Personal Data as both a Processor and a Controller as defined in the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) approved on April 27th, 2016, and enacted on May 25th, 2018. This data is stored exclusively in secure hosting facilities in accordance with the requirements set forth by GDPR.
INTERNATIONAL PRIVACY LAWS
If you are visiting the website from outside United States, please be aware that you are sending personal information to United States. Depending on the type of information and how it is stored by us, that information may be transferred within United States or to other countries outside of your country of residence. While these countries, including United States, may not have data protection laws as protective as those in your country of residence, our collection, storage, and use of your personal information will at all times be governed by this Privacy Policy.
IP ADDRESSES
IP addresses are used by your computer every time you are connected to the Internet. Your IP address is a number that is used by computers on the network to identify your computer. IP addresses are automatically collected by our web server as part of demographic and profile data known as “traffic data” so that data (such as the Web pages you request) can be sent to you.
EMAIL INFORMATION
If you choose to correspond with us through email, we may retain the content of your email messages together with your email address and our responses. We provide the same protections for these electronic communications that we employ in the maintenance of information received online, email and telephone. This also applies when you register for our website, sign up through any of our forms using your email address or download content from our site. For further information see the email policies below.
HOW DO WE USE THE INFORMATION THAT YOU PROVIDE TO US?
Broadly speaking, we use personal information for purposes of administering our business activities, providing customer service and making available other items and services to our customers and prospective customers.
We will not obtain personally-identifying information about you when you visit our site, unless you choose to provide such information to us, nor will such information be sold or otherwise transferred to unaffiliated third parties without the approval of the user at the time of collection.
We may disclose information when legally compelled to do so, in other words, when we, in good faith, believe that the law requires it or for the protection of our legal rights.
We do not record nor store credit card information in an accessible format. That information is only visible by our merchant gateway and finance team and then only in the event of a product purchase.
EMAIL POLICIES
We are committed to keeping your email address confidential. We do not sell, rent, or lease our subscription lists to third parties, and we will not provide your personal information to any third party individual, government agency, or company at any time unless strictly compelled to do so by law.
We will use your -mail address solely to provide timely information about INFINIT, news and information related to our technology and staff augmentation services, and in-person and/or online events such as webinars.
We will maintain the information you send via email in accordance with applicable federal law.
CAN-SPAM COMPLIANCE
In compliance with the CAN-SPAM Act, all email sent from our organization will clearly state who the email is from and provide clear information on how to contact the sender. In addition, all email messages will also contain concise information on how to remove yourself from our mailing list so that you receive no further email communication from us unless you request to receive again.
CHOICE/OPT-OUT
Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us by reading the unsubscribe instructions located at the bottom of any email communication you receive from us at anytime.
If you no longer wish to receive our newsletter or promotional communications you may opt-out of receiving these communications by clicking on the unsubscribe link in the email. This will stop you from receiving any future emails from us unless you request to receive again.
USE OF EXTERNAL LINKS
www.INFINITconsulting.com may contain links to other websites and we cannot guarantee the accuracy of the information found at any linked site not managed by us. Links to or from external sites not owned or controlled by INFINIT do not constitute an endorsement by or any of its employees of the sponsors of these sites or the products or information presented therein.
By accessing our website, you are agreeing to be bound by these website Terms and Conditions of Use, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this site. The materials contained in this website are protected by applicable copyright and trademark law.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS
All copyrights, trademarks, patents and other intellectual property rights in and on our website and all content and software located on the site shall remain the sole property of or its licensors. You must not:
Republish material from our website without prior written consent.
Sell or rent material from our website.
Reproduce, duplicate, create derivative, copy or otherwise exploit material on our website for any purpose.
Redistribute any content from our website, including onto another website.
The use of our trademarks, content and intellectual property is forbidden without the express written consent from INFINIT. Contact privacy@INFINITconsulting.com should you wish to repurpose any of INFINIT’s content.
ACCEPTABLE USE
You agree to use our website only for lawful purposes, and in a way that does not infringe the rights of, restrict or inhibit anyone else’s use and enjoyment of the website. Prohibited behavior includes harassing or causing distress or inconvenience to any other user, transmitting obscene or offensive content or disrupting the normal flow of dialogue within our website.
You must not use our website to send unsolicited commercial communications. You must not use the content on our website for any marketing related purpose without our express written consent.
USE OF TESTIMONIALS
In accordance with the FTC guidelines concerning the use of endorsements and testimonials in advertising, please be aware of the following:
Testimonials that appear on this site are actually received via text, audio or video submission. They are individual experiences, reflecting real life experiences of those who have used our products and/or services in some way. They are individual results and results do vary. We do not claim that they are typical results. The testimonials are not necessarily representative of all of those who will use our products and/or services.
The testimonials displayed in any form on this site (text, audio, video or other) are reproduced verbatim, except for correction of grammatical or typing errors. Some may have been shortened. In other words, not the whole message received by the testimonial writer is displayed when it seems too lengthy or not the whole statement seems relevant for the general public.
INFINIT is not responsible for any of the opinions or comments posted on www.INFINITconsulting.com or social media. To protect against abuse, all testimonials appear after they have been reviewed by management of INFINIT.
HOW DO WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION AND SECURE INFORMATION TRANSMISSIONS?
Email is not recognized as a secure medium of communication. For this reason, we request that you do not send private information to us by email. However, doing so is allowed, but at your own risk. Some of the information you may enter on our website may be transmitted securely via a secure medium known as Secure Sockets Layer, or SSL. Credit Card information and other sensitive information is never transmitted via email.
We may use software programs to create summary statistics, which are used for such purposes as assessing the number of visitors to the different sections of our site, what information is of most and least interest, determining technical design specifications, and identifying system performance or problem areas.
For site security purposes and to ensure that this service remains available to all users, uses software programs to monitor network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, or otherwise cause damage.
HOW TO ACCESS, CORRECT, OR DELETE YOUR INFORMATION
You can contact us to inquire about your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain. We use this procedure to better safeguard your information.
You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows error(s).
You can inquire about deleting the information that INFINIT has about you by contacting us.
To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
DISCLAIMER AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
INFINIT makes no representations, warranties, or assurances as to the accuracy, currency or completeness of the content contained on this website or any sites linked to this site.
All the materials on this site are provided “as is” without any express or implied warranty of any kind, including warranties of merchantability, noninfringement of intellectual property or fitness for any particular purpose. In no event shall or its agents or associates be liable for any damages whatsoever (including, without limitation, damages for loss of profits, business interruption, loss of information, injury or death) arising out of the use of or inability to use the materials, even if has been advised of the possibility of such loss or damages.
POLICY CHANGES
We reserve the right to amend this privacy policy at any time with or without notice. However, please be assured that if the privacy policy changes in the future, we will not use the personal information you have submitted to us under this privacy policy in a manner that is materially inconsistent with this privacy policy, without your prior consent.
We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained.
CONTACT
If you have any questions regarding this policy, or your dealings with our website, please contact us at:
privacy@INFINITconsulting.com
55 North 3rd Street
Suite 201Campbell, CA 95008 866-364-2007
Billing Portal
Quick Links
Home
Services
Industries
About
Contact
Social Media
©2020 INFINIT Consulting. All Rights Reserved.
Cookies Policy
Privacy Policy
Do you know how much to budget for malware prevention and protection? Download our newest eBookGet the answer
+
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. Unless you've selected "Allow", our website will deactivate the cookies session by default.AllowRead more