http://www.softbase.com/privacy.php
[Skip to Content]
E-mail us or call 1-800-669-7076
Customer Login
Proven Technology.
Proven Tools.
Proven Partner.
SOLUTIONS
Solutions Overview
Better Db2 Coding
Better Db2 Testing
Better Db2 Deployment
For Programmers
For Database Administrators
For Managers
For Consultants
PRODUCTS
Products Overview
TestBase
TestBase Db2 Subset
TestBase Db2 Mask
TestBase Db2 Edit
TestBase Db2 Slice
TestBase Db2 SQL Debug
TestBase Db2 Query Build
TestBase Db2 Catalog Guide
Db2 Attach
Db2 Checkpoint
Db2 Batch Analyzer
Db2 DeadLock Advisor
Softdate/z
RESOURCES
Resources Overview
White Papers
Case Studies
Educational Videos
SUPPORT
Support Overview
Support Login
Product Compatibility
BLOG / NEWS
News Releases
Baseline Posts
Baseline Videos
ABOUT US
About SoftBase
Partners
Careers
Legal
Privacy
Contact Info
Contact Us
Home
About SoftBase
Privacy Statement
Privacy Statement
Web Privacy Statement
Fresche Solutions Inc. and its corporate affiliates (collectively, “Fresche”, “we”, “us” or “our”) are transparent about how we collect and use your personal data. The purpose of this Privacy Statement is to inform you about our practices in connection with the collection, use and disclosure of the personal data you make available to us. Furthermore, this Privacy Statement describes the type of data that may be collected by our use of cookies and other technologies across our web sites.
Collection and use of personal information
We may collect personal data that you voluntarily provide to us when:
You provide it to us;
Other sources provide it to us or we collect it through public sources;
You request information about our products or services;
You submit questions to us or register to receive information about our products or services;
You or the organization you work for subscribe to our services; or
You choose to submit your resume in relation to career opportunities posted on our web sites.
The personal data collected may be used to market and promote our products and services to you, communicate with you in connection with your various inquiries and subscriptions or to consider you for employment purposes, and will be kept for the time period in which it is necessary for the purpose it was collected.
Disclosure of personal data
Your personal data may be shared outside of the country where you are located, with relevant Fresche affiliates or partners in charge of dealing with your service or product inquiries, maintenance and support requests, subscriptions or applications. The list of the offices of Fresche Solutions Inc. and its affiliates and country of location is available at https://freschesolutions.com/contact/.
Where such transfers take place, Fresche has implemented internal privacy policies and processes that ensure protection of your personal information across Fresche affiliates and partners, irrespective of where the personal information originates or is processed.
We may also share data provided by you with service providers that we retain to perform services on our behalf, such as third-party content providers that facilitate event registrations and subcontractors used to support Fresche in its provision of services. These providers are contractually limited from using or disclosing the data except as is necessary to provide services to us or to comply with legal requirements. Furthermore, we may disclose data about you where we are required or permitted by law to do so.
Our security measures to protect personal data
We maintain reasonable physical, technical and administrative safeguards to help protect against the unauthorized access, use and disclosure of personal data you voluntarily provide to us.
It should be noted that we cannot be held responsible for any personal data you share or post on public spaces, such as our blogs. Such public spaces may be consulted or viewed by anyone visiting our web sites and, as such, falls outside the scope of this Privacy Statement.
What are Your Rights
You have the right to access, rectify and erase your personal data. You also have the right to object to the processing of your personal data processed by us, as well as the right of data portability. In case of any such request or complaint, please contact us via email at privacy@freschesolutions.com or to Fresche’s Chief Technology Officer at Fresche Solutions Inc. 995 Wellington Street, Suite 200, Montreal, Canada, H3C 1V3.
Fresche will answer your request within 30 days following the receipt of your demand.
To the extent permitted by applicable law, where we do not properly address your request, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the competent data protection authority.
Use of technology: cookies
We may collect data in connection with your visit to our web sites through the use of cookies. Cookies are identifiers that are transferred to your computer’s hard drive through your web browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser. We may also collect data from your browser, such as your IP address, browser type, location, language, access time and referring web site addresses.
Such data may be used to analyze trends, to administer our web sites, to track movements around our web sites and to gather demographic data about our visitor base as a whole. The data gathered by these cookies is in the form of aggregated anonymous data.
We use different types of cookies as summarized below:
Category Use
Necessary Cookies Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies.
Preferences Cookies Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in..
Statistics Cookies Statistic cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously..
Marketing Cookies Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers..
Unclassified Cookies Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies..
You may choose to disable all or certain cookies on your computer by modifying your web browser. Most web browsers allow some control of most cookies through the browser settings.
Please note that if you choose to disable cookies, this may impact the performance of our web sites during your visit.
Links to non-Fresche web sites and third-party applications
This web site may contain links to third-party web sites and third-party applications that are not affiliated with Fresche (such as Vimeo for videos, Bamboo for recruitment, Google for Maps and Scoop.it for content curation). Fresche in no way endorses or makes any representations about such third-party web sites and applications. As such, Fresche is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such third-party web sites and applications that are subject to their own privacy policies. If you choose to access these links, we encourage you to review all third-party site privacy policies before submitting any of your data.
Changes
Fresche reserves the right to make changes to this Privacy Statement from time to time without notice.
Privacy questions
For additional information about our online privacy practices, please contact us at privacy@freschesolutions.com
Contact Us
Click here for more information or to see a demo
twitter
Linkedin
Adobe PDF Reader
Home
Solutions
Products
Resources/Reference
News and Events
Support
Contact Us
About Us
© 2020 Fresche Solutions Inc. All rights reserved. SoftBase is a Fresche Solutions brand.
Privacy
Legal
Site Map