https://www.ntop.org/e-shop-terms-and-conditions/
NewsletterWorking at ntopE-Shop Legal InformationE-Shop Terms and ConditionsGitHubResellers
HomeBlogProducts Packet Capture
PF_RING PF_RING ZC (Zero Copy) PF_RING FT (Flow Table) nBroker
Traffic Recording & Replay
n2disk disk2n nBox Recorder
Flow-based Traffic Analysis
nProbe nProbe™ Agent nProbe™ Cento nBox NetFlow/IPFIX
Traffic Analysis and Enforcement
ntopng ntopng Edge
Deep Packet Inspection
nDPI
DDoS Mitigation and VPN
nScrub n2n Support Documentation
FAQs User’s Guides Video Tutorials
Need Help?
Bug Report Contact Us Community Support Commercial Support
Misc
Code Security Contributor License Agreement Brochures GitHubGet StartedAbout About Us The ntop Team ntop Conference Credits Partners Resellers Legal Information Privacy Policy Locations ResourcesShop
E-Shop Terms and Conditions
The ntop e-shop is operated by ntop Sagl.
Data you provide during registration is protected according to our privacy statement.
Installation support means that for 5 days since purchase you can ask us questions concerning how to start the tool on your system, or install the packages. If you have requests about how to operate the tool or need anything beside installation support you need to buy a support ticket.
All software products will be immediately available for download after completing your order on the e-shop.
We offer money-back guarantee for each purchased license.
All software products will include one year remote support and free access to updates.
The software you purchase on the e-shop is released according to the EULA.
For each successful transaction you will receive a valid tax invoice that proofs your purchase and can be used for claiming your expenses.
If you want to renew maintenance for products you have purchased previously, please read this document for more information.
Educational users can obtain commercial products at no cost.
The licenses you can buy from this shop are valid only for binary packages that you can find at packages.ntop.org. Licenses cannot be used with custom-built packages or on operating systems other than those listed at the packages site.
For additional information please refer to the section Products and Licenses of the FAQs.
Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. OkRead more