http://www.buydomains.com/domain-help/
Questions? Call us at
855-870-8773
forms Contact
forms Cart
Request a price for
Make an offer on
{{sld}}.{{ext}}
Domain Help and FAQs Domain Help for Any Questions You May Have.
Domain Registration
Domain Transfer
Premium Domains
Post Sale FAQs
Still have questions? Please use our online support form.
Whether you are new to buying premium domains or a veteran domain investor, you may have questions about the various steps in the process from buying a domain to getting your site up and running. We've provided domain help for some common questions to help you find the perfect domain, and to get you going with your premium domain purchase.
All your questions answered? Go find your domain!
Domain Registration
What is domain registration?
When you register a domain, you take ownership of that domain for the term of the registration period. That period is in one year segments, for up to 10 years at a time. You can add years of registration up to the limit. You must renew your registration when its term is complete. You have the right to renew your domain at any time while you own it. No other person may register a domain while it is under your ownership.
What domains can I register?
You can buy a premium domain for your business or personal site from BuyDomains.com, and then take ownership. Or if you’re looking for a domain name that hasn’t been owned previously, you can visit our partner Domain.com, by clicking Register A Domain.
If I register a domain at Domain.com, do I need to register it anywhere else?
No. There is no need to register it at any other registrar.
Are BuyDomains.com registrations ICANN accredited?
Yes. All of the domain services offered with BuyDomains.com partner, Domain.com, are ICANN accredited and are in accordance with all laws regarding the transfer and use of domain names.
What TLDs can I register on Domain.com?
You can register .COM, .NET, .ORG, .BIZ, .INFO, .US, and more. You can see all of the available TLD extensions here.
How do I register a domain at Domain.com?
Please visit the Domain Transfer Page on Domain.com for domain help and follow the directions.
For how long should I register my domains?
Choosing the longest term possible is the best way to make sure your name remains under your ownership. However, as long as you are sure to keep your contact information up to date at https://buydomainsregistration.com, you will receive renewal invoices prior to the expiration term of your domain. And as long as you pay the renewal invoice in a timely manner it will secure your domain for another term. To avoid any potential problems, the 10 year registration term is the safest bet. Registering your domains for the longest term possible will also protect you from future inflation in registration fees.
What is the 'Registrant of Record'?
The Registrant of Record, also referred to as the Legal Owner, is the entity which is the legal registrant of the name, and is tracked by the registrar for your security and so that no other organization or entity can request changes to the name. It is standard practice to use your full company or organization name as the Registrant of Record. If there is no company name, the name of the individual registrant can be used. It is possible that you will be entering the same value in the registrant of record field that you entered in one of the other fields on the registration form, which is fine provided that the data is valid. If at a later time you wish to change the Registrant of Record, which you would only need to do if you want to assign control of this domain name to a new
company, entity or organization, you must pay a small fee and complete a formal transfer of registrant request. All other data may be changed by you at any time at https://buydomainsregistration.com
Who is the owner of the domains I register?
You are the owner and will remain the owner as long as you pay your registration renewal fees at the end of your current registration term. Your ownership of the name means you can change any information you want on the domain, sell the name, transfer it anywhere you like, and use whatever hosting or email services you want.
You are not leasing the name and we take no ownership interest in your names. We do not require any advertising on your site.
I lost the password to my Domain.com account. How can I recover it?
Choose ‘forgot password’ from the login screen found here.
Can I transfer names I have already registered elsewhere?
Yes, our partner, Domain.com, offers low prices and value added services with domain transfers. Learn more about transferring domains here.
Can I transfer my domain to another domain registrar if I am not satisfied with the service?
Yes, as long as your initial registration is over 60 days old, you may transfer your domain to another registrar.
Do I always have the right of first refusal to renew my domain registration before it expires?
Yes, you will always be sent a renewal notice to the current billing contact. As long as you pay it in a timely fashion your domain will remain in your control. The billing contact and all registrant information can be changed on your control panel here.
Does the registration cost include web site hosting services?
Our registration partner, Domain.com, offers website hosting plans separately from domain registration and come with great added benefits such as a free SSL certificate, email addresses, and a drag and drop website builder.
What payment methods does Domain.com accept?
We accept Visa, MasterCard, American Express, and Discover and PayPal.
How do I contact Domain.com Support?
Please visit the contact us page on Domain.com.
Domain Transfer
What does it mean to transfer my domain?
Every registered domain name is managed by a registrar that provides customer support and related domain services. Depending on the registrar, you will pay different prices, have different levels of customer support, and access to various domain-related services. BuyDomains.com has partnered with Domain.com, because they offer low prices, more enhanced services, and excellent customer domain help.
How much will it cost me to transfer to BuyDomainsRegistration.com?
Transfers start at just $8.29 via our partner Domain.com.
Additional information on domain transfers can be found here.
What is the process for transferring my domain?
Visit the Domain Transfer Page on Domain.com for domain help and follow the directions.
What are the advantages of transferring my domain to Domain.com?
There are several advantages to transferring your domains to our partner, Domain.com, including:
Easy, online access to manage your domains.
24x7 Toll-free, friendly, domain help.
Lots of free services, including:
URL Forwarding
Email Forwarding
Transfer Lock
Total DNS management
Can I transfer names I have already registered elsewhere to Domain.com?
Yes. You should transfer ALL your domains to Domain.com so you can take advantage of the Value Added Services and low prices. Plus, having all your domains in one location will allow you to manage them all at once, using your Domain.com control panel. As long the domain is over 60 days past its initial registration and the domain is unlocked, it can be transferred to Domain.com from any registrar. See the Domain Transfer Page on Domain.com for more information on how to transfer domain names.
How long will it take for my domain name transfer to take effect?
The process of completing a transfer usually takes 3 business days, however some registrars may take up to 10 business days. After you verify that you wish to have your domain transferred, the new registrar will contact the old registrar and make the necessary transaction.
Will transferring my domain name registration affect my hosting?
No. Although BuyDomains’ partner, Domain.com, offers robust hosting services, your hosting provider can remain the same as it is during and after the transfer process and your existing hosting service will not be adversely affected by transferring your domain.
Premium Domains
What are Premium Domains?
Premium domains, also referred to as aftermarket domains, secondary market domains, high-value domains, great domains, or top domains, have been previously registered, often because they contain keywords or descriptions that have great potential for becoming a memorable web address. BuyDomains.com brokers millions of the world's finest premium domains.
Premium domains have stronger branding potential, are easier to remember, and attract more website traffic than most domains available through standard domain registration. You are more likely to find the best name for your website in BuyDomains.com portfolio of premium domains, most of which are .com, .net, or .org.
Learn more about premium domains here
What is the value of a Premium Domain?
Premium Domain names have more marketing potential than standard registration domains. Many already receive significant traffic. Your business can reap the benefits from the domain's established presence and attract customers. The first step in establishing a successful and profitable website is to own a domain that is memorable, directly related to your business, and attractive to your target audience.
Learn more about premium domains here
Why should I buy a Premium Domain?
Acquiring a domain name is one of the most important steps in building a successful online business. Here are the most popular reasons why individuals and businesses own premium domain names.
Improves Marketing and Visibility The right domain name allows customers an easy way to remember and find you. It's your location on the web. It's also your email address
Builds Credibility Using your domain for your website and to personalize your email helps establish credibility and professionalism. For instance, an email address such as jen@buydomains.com is more professional than jen127@freeemailservice.com.
Protects Your Brand Purchase the domain name that best represents your business name. Domains are valuable online real estate. Secure the right name and keep it out of the hands of your competitors.
You may also find additional attractive domains for your business. Securing more than one helps protect your brand and increase your reach. You may want to consider buying misspellings and plural variations on your primary domain name. You can easily direct as many domains as you want to a single website.
Acquires More Traffic Some domains already receive traffic. This traffic principally comes from direct type-in or referral traffic. Direct type-in is when an internet user types the domain directly into her browser, such as typing 'www.photography.com.' Referral traffic typically comes from links on other websites.
As an Investment Similar to real estate, domain names are investments. Domain name values increase daily, because the better ones are becoming less available. You yourself can make your domain name more valuable by building and marketing your website.
How can I search for the perfect Premium Domain?
You can search the BuyDomains.com portfolio of millions of domains by keyword, subject, or by price. For instance, enter 'finance' or 'mortgages' as a keyword, and our search engine will return available Premium Domains that match. To start a search, enter a keyword or domain name into the search box on the BuyDomains.com home page.
How much can I expect to pay for a Premium Domain?
As good domains become scarcer, both the demand and cost of Premium Domain names increase. Prices for Premium Domains vary, based on marketability, spelling, traffic, and economic trends. High value premium domains often sell for tens of thousands of dollars. Our domain sales experts can help you find a Premium Domain in your price range, that matches your goals for your business. Contact a domain expert by calling 855-870-8773 (toll-free in the US) or +1-781-373-6877 (worldwide) or email domainsales@buydomains.com today for domain help.
Do you offer any bulk discounts?
Yes. If you are interested in purchasing more than one Premium Domain, we often offer bulk rates. After you have submitted price quotes for all the domains that you are interested in, you may send an email to domainsales@buydomains.com to request a special rate, or call 855-870-8773 (toll-free in the US) or +1-781-373-6877 (worldwide).
Are there any Premium Domains available for less than $1000?
Yes, we recommend that you filter Premium Domains by price, or visit our sister site, DirectDomains.com for domains available at significantly discounted prices.
Why do some domain names say "Request Price" instead of displaying the current price?
The domain name market evolves rapidly and Premium Domain names tend to rise in value, potentially making them attractive investment vehicles. It is impractical to price each one of our millions of domains that we offer for sale; they are re-priced as market and traffic conditions change.
To speak with one of our experienced domain sales consultants for domain help and to find a domain name within your budget, call 855-870-8773 (toll-free in the US) or +1-781-373-6877 (worldwide) or email domainsales@buydomains.com. You can also submit a question online from the contact us page for domain help.
How can I request the price for a Premium Domain?
Once you have found your Premium Domain name, you may either "Request Price", "Buy Now", or "Make Offer." Use the button next to the domain name to make your selection. If you have selected any "Request Price" domains, our team will look up the prices and contact you with further instructions. "Request Price" quotes can take up to one business day, but usually we return a price within hours. Domains marked "Buy Now" may be purchased instantly using our secure, online shopping cart. Using the "Make Offer" link, you can submit a competitive offer for the domain name.
To speak with one of our experienced domain sales consultants, call 855-870-8773 (toll-free in the US) or +1-781-373-6877 (worldwide).
What are my payment options?
All Premium Domain purchases can be completed online using our secure shopping cart. BuyDomains.com accepts all major credit cards including, Visa, MasterCard, AMEX, and Discover, as well as wire transfers and PayPal. All payment options are secure. Credit card transactions are processed within 72 hours. Wire transfers usually require 3-4 business days after receipt of funds.
What are the terms of sale for Premium Domains?
You pay a one-time cost and the domain will be in your control as the registrant of record for as long as you choose, provided that you continue to pay a standard annual registrar fee prior to the expiration date. You can choose any registrar for your name and register in one year increments, for up to 10 years. Choosing a longer registration helps lessen the risk of losing a name due to administrative problems or nonpayment. Click here to view our Terms of Sale.
I just purchased a Premium Domain. Now what?
After you submitted your credit card or completed the wire transfer process, BuyDomains.com verifies your payment and contact information. After your payment has been processed, we will send an email titled "Important Transfer Instructions ". Many Premium Domains are registered with registrars outside of BuyDomains.com. We will direct you to contact the registrar for the names you've purchased in order to maintain ownership and help you with technical support questions. Regardless of registrar, most names are transferred and in your control within 3 business days of purchase if you follow the simple procedures carefully. YOU MUST NOT FORGET TO PAY YOUR YEARLY REGISTRATION FEE TO THE REGISTRAR OR YOU COULD LOSE YOUR DOMAIN. This yearly registration fee is not a BuyDomain's
policy, but an Internet-wide regulation, required of all domain owners. BuyDomains.com suggests paying up front for a 10-year registration to help protect against administrative issues or nonpayment that could result in losing ownership of your domain.
I've purchased a domain and am ready to start my website. Do you offer services like Website Hosting, Email packages, SSL certificates, Shopping Cart Plug-ins, or other website services?
We've partnered with the leading website solution provider, Domain.com to bring you
a variety of web services including additional domain names, hosting packages, email, SSL certificates, web design, online marketing services and more.
Visit their website for more information.
What are my responsibilities and costs associated with buying a Premium Domain?
You are responsible for transferring ownership of your new domain name by ensuring that your contact information is listed in the Whois database. The cost incurred upon purchasing your Premium Domain name is a one-time cost. Once you have purchased your new domain name, you are still responsible for paying the annual registration fee. For this annual registration, you must ensure that your chosen registrar is able to contact you, and that you pay the registration fee directly to them prior to expiration. Registrars are required to attempt to contact the administrative contact prior to a registration lapse, but ultimately it is your responsibility to ensure the registration is paid up.
Post Sale FAQs
I purchased a domain name. What do I do next?
Your domain login information will be sent to your email. As soon as you get your log in details, you can start setting up your domain name, including setting your nameservers. Please contact your domain registrar's support for any assistance.
Why don't I have my log in and password for my domain yet?
Generally, it takes up to 3 business days for the log in instructions to be sent, but in some rare cases can take up to 10 business days. If the time frame for your domain has passed, please contact customer service at 855-870-8773 (toll free in the US) or +1-781-373-6877 (worldwide) or email service@buydomains.com and we can assist you.
How do I transfer my domain to a different registrar of my choice?
If you wish to transfer your domain to a different registrar, you will need to enter an authorization code, provided to you by your existing registrar. You can obtain this code by logging into your registrar's account. Otherwise, you can contact your registrar directly to get the authorization code.
HOW TO TRANSFER A DOMAIN:
Please note: the registrar to whom you wish to transfer the domain is called the "gaining registrar."
Each registrar should have documentation on their site about how to transfer a name to them.
Log in to your existing registrar account and make sure the name is unlocked, there is no privacy feature on, and get the EPP/Authorization info code.
Go into your account at the "gaining registrar" and submit your domain name and its EPP/Auth info code for transfer.
The "gaining registrar" may send you an email that you need to reply to or click on a link to accept the transfer. If you do not follow the steps from within this email, the name will not move.
It should take about 5-7 days for a name to move. Your existing registrar may not send you confirmation and let it just transfer away after the 5 day mark.
If you need further assistance please contact your registrar's tech support.
What is an authorization code, and how do I obtain one?
An authorization code is a string of numbers/letters that you must provide to the gaining/new registrar when transferring a domain. If you wish to transfer your domain away from the current to a different registrar, you will to enter an authorization code, provided to you by the existing registrar. You can obtain this code by logging into your registrar's account. Otherwise, you can contact your registrar directly to get the authorization code.
When will the Whois record update?
The Whois record will update within 24-48 hours after you receive the log in instructions from BuyDomains.com.
How do I change my "Whois" information?
Your Whois information is the information in your administrative contact listing in your Registrar account. You can update this information by logging into your Registrar account. Whois records typically update within 24-48 hours after changes are made. If you need further assistance with this, please contact your registrar directly.
Where can I see my public domain information?
A Whois lookup can be found at most registrar websites. Here is one place where you can look up your domain information: https://www.who.is/whois/.
When can I start using my domain?
You can start using your domain as soon as you get your log in information
When does my domain expire?
You can look up your domain information, including the expiration date, on a Whois record. Click here to search for a Whois record.
Who can I contact if I have problems or questions about my domain?
If you have questions or problems related to your domain name registration, you should contact the registrar that registered your domain name. Otherwise, you can contact us directly by emailing service@buydomains.com. We will get back to you within 48 business hours.
Why do I have to wait 10 days for my log in instructions, the website says 72 business hours?
The log in instructions in majority of cases takes up to 3 business days to be sent out. However, if there is a delay, we will contact you within the 48 business hours to inform you.
Terms of Sale States:
"BuyDomains.com agrees to email Buyer detailed instructions (including a password or registry key) for permanently transferring control of the Domain(s) within 72 business hours of cleared payment from Buyer. If there is a delay in the transfer process for any reason, BuyDomains.com will notify, either via email or phone, Buyer of the transfer status within 48 business hours." You can read more about the Terms of Sale here.
Can I have my log in instructions sent to an alternate email address?
No, for security reasons we only send log in instructions to the email address provided at the time you purchased the domain.
If I just purchased the name, why don't I have it for a year before it expires?
When we sell a domain name, we are transferring the ownership to you. You inherit the remaining time on the registration. In order to renew your domain name, you will need to log into your account at your registrar.
What is Web Hosting?
A hosting service is required in order for an individual or business to serve content on their domain on the Internet. There are various levels of service, and various kinds of services offered. Most hosting providers offer a combination of services: email hosting, DNS hosting, etc. BuyDomains’ partner, Domain.com, offers full hosting packages.
What is an SSL Certificate?
SSL Certificates are small data files that ensure secure connections from a web server to a browser. SSL is used to secure credit card transactions, data transfer and logins. A business needs to install an SSL Certificate onto its web server to initiate secure sessions with site visitors. Visitors often look to make sure a website is secure before providing any credit card or personal information. BuyDomains' partner, Domain.com, offers SSL Certificates along with full hosting packages.
How do I contact BuyDomains.com?
For assistance with purchasing a domain, contact a domain expert at 855-870-8773 (toll-free in the US) or +1-781-373-6877 (worldwide), or email domainsales@buydomains.com
For customer support, contact at 855-870-8773 (toll free in the US) or +1-781-373-6877 (worldwide) or email service@buydomains.com.
For any additional inquiries, please visit our contact us page and submit a request. We will respond to all inquiries within 48 business hours.
Thank you for contacting BuyDomains.com!
Thank you , for submitting an offer for .. Our domain experts will be in touch shortly.
To speak with a domain expert right away, just give us a call
phone 855-870-8773
Thank you , for submitting an offer for .. Our domain experts will be in touch shortly.
To speak with a domain expert right away, just give us a call
phone 855-870-8773
Thank you for your request for more information. Our domain experts will be in touch shortly.
To speak with a domain expert right away, just give us a call
phone 855-870-8773
Call our Domain Experts today 855-870-8773
Domains
Categories
Success Stories
About Premium Domains
Community
Blog
Domains in the News
FAQs
Company
About
Careers
Contact
Policies
© 2020 BuyDomains.com. All rights reserved.
Do Not Sell My Personal Information