http://www.apteryx.com/privacy-policy/
skip to Main Content
Planet DDS
About Us
Testimonials
Login/Register
Request Support
Facebook
LinkedIn
Youtube
Home » Privacy Policy
Apteryx, Inc. has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this website: apteryx.com.
We log IP addresses to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Web site. IP addresses are logged to track a user’s session. This gives us statistics of what pages on our site users are visiting. We do not track beyond sites owned and operated by Apteryx, Inc. We do not link IP addresses to anything personally identifiable. This means that a user’s session is tracked and the user remains anonymous.
We use cookies only to enhance your experience of our website. A cookie is a small data file that certain websites write to your hard drive when you visit them. A cookie can’t read data off your hard disk or read cookie files created by other sites. We do not store any personal or sensitive information about you on our web server. You may refuse cookies from any and all websites by turning them off in most browser preferences.
This site may contain links to other sites. Apteryx, Inc. is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of Web sites other than our own.
Our site uses an order form for customers to request information, products, and services. We collect visitor’s contact information (like their email address) and financial information (like their account or credit card numbers). Contact information from the order form is used to send orders to our customers. The customer’s contact information is used to get in touch with the visitor when necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below. Financial information that is collected is used to bill the user for products and services. Any information required by Apteryx, Inc. is designated at the location it is gathered from the user.
Our online surveys ask visitors for contact information (like their email address). The customer’s contact information is used to contact the visitor when necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below.
Supplementation Information
This site supplements the information that you provide with information that is received from third parties.
Choice/Opt-Out
Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us and our partners at the point where we request information about the visitor. We are not responsible for removing information from third party lists that the user has previously authorized us to share or receive.
This site gives users the following option for removing their information from our database to not receive future communications or to no longer receive our service.
Email marketing@apteryx.com with “Unsubscribe” in the email subject line
Submit a web form via apteryx.com and include “Unsubscribe” in the feedback field
Correct/Updates
This site gives users the following option for changing and modifying information previously provided.
To correct mail list info:
Email marketing@apteryx.com
Submit a web form via apteryx.com
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you may contact us:
Apteryx, Inc.313 South High Street, Suite 200Akron, OH 44308
marketing@apteryx.com
© Copyright 2020 Apteryx Imaging Inc. | Sitemap | Site developed by Fifth Gear
Products
Imaging Software
Applications
XrayVision® Dental Imaging Software
XVWeb® | Cloud-Based Dental Imaging Software
XVWeb® 3D
XVlite®
XrayVision® DCV
Download Apteryx Product Updates
Utilities
DataGrabber
XV Sync
Services
Database Conversion
Hourly Data Mapping Service
Imaging Hardware
Intraoral Sensors | Cameras
TUXEDO Intraoral Sensor
LED IC100 Intraoral Camera
VELscope
VELscope ® Vx System
Accessories
Vx Imaging Adapter
Vx VELcaps
Vx VELsheaths
Vx Value Bundle
Technology
Support
Education
Clinical Studies
VELscope Product Registration
Common Questions
VELcare
User Feedback
Support
Request Support
Apteryx Help Center/ Knowledge Base
Contact Info and Hours
Download Apteryx Product Updates
Apteryx Software Version History
DSO’s
Training & Education
Apteryx Imaging Software
XVWeb On-Demand Education
XVWeb 3D On-Demand Education
XrayVision On-Demand Education
XrayVision DCV On-Demand Education
Apteryx Help Center/ Knowledge Base
VELscope Oral Screening
VELscope On-Demand Education
Rayscan Pan/Ceph/CBCT
RAYSCAN On-Demand Education
Imaging Intelligence Blog
News & Events
Press Releases & Company News
Events
Contact
Contact Us
Customer Feedback Form
Demo Request
Online Inquiries
Submit a Support Request
Find a VELscope Practice
About Us
Planet DDS
×
×
...
Search
Submit
×
Register your VELscope® Vx
VELscope® system serial number is on the bottom of the handle, as indicated in the photograph below.
CLOSE