http://www.kdnuggets.com/terms-of-service.html
KDnuggets
Subscribe to KDnuggets News
Blog/News
Opinions
Tutorials
Top stories
Companies
Courses
Datasets
Education
Events (online)
Jobs
Software
Webinars
Topics: Coronavirus | AI | Data Science | Deep Learning | Machine Learning | Python | R | Statistics
KDnuggets Home » Terms of Service
Terms of Service
Last updated: May 17, 2018
Please read these Terms of Service ("Terms", "Terms of Service") carefully before using the www.kdnuggets.com website (the "Service") operated by KDnuggets ("us", "we", or "our").
Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned upon your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms. These Terms apply to all visitors, users and others who wish to access or use the Service.
By accessing or using the Service you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you disagree with any part of the terms then you do not have permission to access the Service.
Intellectual Property
The Service and its original content, features and functionality are and will remain the exclusive property of KDnuggets and its licensors. The Service is protected by copyright, trademark, and other laws of both the United States and foreign countries. Our trademarks and trade dress may not be used in connection with any product or service without the prior written consent of KDnuggets.
You may not repost our content, including our blogs, charts, images, cartoons, or other items published on KDnuggets, or translate our content to other languages, without obtaining explicit written permission from KDnuggets.
Links To Other Web Sites
Our Service may contain links to third party web sites or services that are not owned or controlled by KDnuggets
KDnuggets has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party web sites or services. We do not warrant the offerings of any of these entities/individuals or their websites.
You acknowledge and agree that KDnuggets shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such third party web sites or services.
We strongly advise you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policies of any third party web sites or services that you visit.
Termination
We may terminate or suspend access from certain IP addresses to the Service immediately, without prior notice or liability, under our sole discretion, if we find excessive access to KDnuggets site or attempts to hack into our site or other security risk from those IPs, or for other reasons, including but not limited to a breach of the Terms.
All provisions of the Terms which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.
Indemnification
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless KDnuggets and its licensee and licensors, and their employees, contractors, agents, officers and directors, from and against any and all claims, damages, obligations, losses, liabilities, costs or debt, and expenses (including but not limited to attorney's fees), resulting from or arising out of a) your use and access of the Service, or b) a breach of these Terms.
Limitation Of Liability
In no event shall KDnuggets, nor its directors, employees, partners, agents, suppliers, or affiliates, be liable for any indirect, incidental, special, consequential or punitive damages, including without limitation, loss of profits, data, use, goodwill, or other intangible losses, resulting from (i) your access to or use of or inability to access or use the Service; (ii) any conduct or content of any third party on the Service; (iii) any content obtained from the Service; and (iv) unauthorized access, use or alteration of your transmissions or content, whether based on warranty, contract, tort (including negligence) or any other legal theory, whether or not we have been informed of the possibility of such damage, and even if a remedy set forth herein is found to have failed of its essential purpose.
Disclaimer
Your use of the Service is at your sole risk. The Service is provided on an "AS IS" and "AS AVAILABLE" basis. The Service is provided without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement or course of performance.
KDnuggets its subsidiaries, affiliates, and its licensors do not warrant that a) the Service will function uninterrupted, secure or available at any particular time or location; b) any errors or defects will be corrected; c) the Service is free of viruses or other harmful components; or d) the results of using the Service will meet your requirements.
Exclusions
Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of certain warranties or the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, so the limitations above may not apply to you.
Governing Law
These Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of Massachusetts, United States, without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
Our failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be considered a waiver of those rights. If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable by a court, the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in effect. These Terms constitute the entire agreement between us regarding our Service, and supersede and replace any prior agreements we might have had between us regarding the Service.
Changes
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time. If a revision is material we will provide at least 30 days notice prior to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a material change will be determined at our sole discretion.
By continuing to access or use our Service after any revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms. If you do not agree to the new terms, you are no longer authorized to use the Service.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us at editor1 at KDnuggets[dot]com
Latest News
Building AI Models for High-Frequency Streaming Data &#... Implementing the AdaBoost Algorithm From Scratch Data Compression via Dimensionality Reduction: 3 Main M... A Journey from Software to Machine Learning Engineer Top tweets, Dec 2-8: How to do visualization using #P... Artificial Intelligence in Modern Learning System : E-L...
Top StoriesLast Week
Most Popular
Why the Future of ETL Is Not ELT, But EL(T)
Introduction to Data Engineering
Object-Oriented Programming Explained Simply for Data Scientists
AI, Analytics, Machine Learning, Data Science, Deep Learning Research Main Developments in 2020 and Key Trends for 2021
NoSQL for Beginners
Learn Deep Learning with this Free Course from Yann LeCun
Pruning Machine Learning Models in TensorFlow
Most Shared
Why the Future of ETL Is Not ELT, But EL(T)
AI, Analytics, Machine Learning, Data Science, Deep Learning Research Main Developments in 2020 and Key Trends for 2021
Introduction to Data Engineering
Data Science History and Overview
Object-Oriented Programming Explained Simply for Data Scientists
NoSQL for Beginners
A Friendly Introduction to Graph Neural Networks
More Recent Stories
Artificial Intelligence in Modern Learning System : E-Learning Main 2020 Developments and Key 2021 Trends in AI, Data Science... AI registers: finally, a tool to increase transparency in AI/ML Deep Learning Design Patterns! R or Python? Why Not Both? KDnuggets 20:n46, Dec 9: Why the Future of ETL Is Not ELT, ... Machine Learning: Cutting Edge Tech with Deep Roots in Other F... Top November Stories: Top Python Libraries for Data Science, D... 20 Core Data Science Concepts for Beginners 5 Free Books to Learn Statistics for Data Science Merging Pandas DataFrames in Python Top Stories, Nov 30 – Dec 6: Why the Future of ETL Is No... Dark Data: Why What You Don’t Know Matters Essential Math for Data Science: Probability Density and Proba... The Ultimate Guide to Data Engineer Interviews Change the Background of Any Video with 5 Lines of Code Why the Future of ETL Is Not ELT, But EL(T) Pruning Machine Learning Models in TensorFlow Accelerate Your Career in Data Science AI, Analytics, Machine Learning, Data Science, Deep Learning Research Main Developments in 2020 and Key Trends for 2021
KDnuggets Home » Terms of Service
© 2020 KDnuggets. | About KDnuggets  | Contact  | Privacy policy  | Terms of Service
Subscribe to KDnuggets News
X
Get KDnuggets, a leading newsletter on AI,
Data Science, and Machine Learning
Email:
Sign Up
By subscribing you accept KDnuggets Privacy Policy
Leave this field empty if you're human: