https://www.primefactors.com/privacy-policy/
/ Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Prime Factors is committed to fair information practices. Our goal is to do our best to safeguard the privacy of our customers. This privacy policy sets out how PRIME FACTORS uses and protects any information that you give us when you use this website.Prime Factors is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.Prime Factors may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective as of February 18, 2020. What we collect: We may collect the following information:
Name Contact information including email address Demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests Other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
What we do with the information we gather: We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping. We may use the information to improve our services. We may periodically send promotional emails about new services, special events or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided. Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. How we use cookies: A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyze web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyze data about webpage traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes.Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website. Links to other websites: Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide while visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question. Controlling your personal information: We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we are required by law to do so. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to Prime Factors, 1400 Executive Pkwy, Suite 100, Eugene, OR 97401. Alternatively, you may also email us at privacy@primefactors.com. If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write or email us as soon as possible at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Data Protection
Data Protection Why EncryptRIGHT®
ER Architecture Audit Logs & Traceability
Application Level Data Encryption Tokenization Data Masking Data Access Controls Encryption Key Management
Payment Security
Why BCSS Payment Credential Issuance Payment Transaction Processing Payment Key Management Payment HSM Integration BCSS Architecture
Solutions
Data Protection Regulations PCI Compliance Protected Health Information Protecting Data in the Cloud Database Encryption Pseudonymization / Anonymization RSA® DPM Replacement
Resources
Case Studies Whitepapers Webinars Blog
Support
Request Support Emergency License Professional Services FAQs
Company
About Partners Careers News
REQUEST INFO
Your browser does not support iframes.
X
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. Continued use of this site will serve as your acceptance of the use of cookies. Ok