http://www.clevercomponents.com/home/privacy.asp
Home
Products
Articles
Downloads
Order
Support
E-mail NewsletterSubscribe to get informed about
Clever Components news.
Your Name:
Your Email:
Previous Newsletters
Clever Components Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy describes how CleverComponents collects and uses Personal Data about you through the use of our  web site (Site) and any web-based hosted services downloaded or accessed through the Site (Service), our products, and through e-mail, text, and other electronic communications between you and CleverComponents. Please read the complete Privacy Policy, as this Policy applies to anyone who uses this Site worldwide.
Information We Collect About You
Personal Data We Collect. Through your interaction with and use of the Site or use of our products, we may collect business relevant personal data, which is information that identifies an individual or relates to an identifiable individual (Personal Data). Personal Data may include, but is not limited to, your name, physical address, telephone number, e-mail address, and company affiliation which is generally available on the World Wide Web. We do not collect sensitive or highly Personal Data.
Information You Provide. We ask you to register or login to your account in certain circumstances, including for example, when you download trial or free software, sign up for newsletter, download patches, purchase software, register software, use our Support Service. As part of the registration process, we collect Personal Data from you in order to provide service and to validate your access to your purchased products and our Services.
Lawful Basis for Processing Your Personal Data. In processing your Personal Data in connection with the purposes described in this Privacy Policy, we rely on the legal basis of Legitimate Interest. We collect Personal Data that is necessary for managing and promoting our business, maintaining a product supplier to customer business relationship which includes but is not limited to; product information and marketing communication, maintaining data and network security, improving website and product performance and customer experience, and preventing fraud and malicious acts.
In addition, Direct Marketing activities using Legitimate Interest as the legal basis uses purchased contact lists or publically available sources of information as contact sources in marketing campaigns.
If you are in the European Union, the processing of your Personal Data is lawful only if it is permitted under the applicable data protection laws. We have a lawful basis for each of our processing activities.By using our Site and Service, you consent to our collection, use, and sharing of your Personal Data as described in this privacy policy. If you do not consent to this privacy policy, please do not use the Site and / or Service.
We process your Personal Data in order to fulfill our obligations to you pursuant to our contract with you to deliver our goods and services to you. Specifically, we use your contact information to provide you with the products, license keys, and support services that you order from us.
We may also process your Personal Data when we are required or permitted to by law; to comply with government inspection, audits, and other valid requests from government or other public authorities; to respond to legal process such as subpoenas; or as necessary for us to protect our interests or otherwise pursue our legal rights and remedies, defend litigation, and manage complaints or claims.
Anonymous or Non-Personal Data. You can visit CleverComponents on the World Wide Web or use our products without telling us who you are or revealing any information about yourself.
Our Site and Service collect and store anonymous information about your visit or downloads on an aggregate basis. We may also record the name of your Internet service provider, browser type, and country of origin. We use this information only to measure site activity and to develop ideas for improving our sites and products.
Information Acquired From External Sources. CleverComponents conducts outbound marketing campaigns to reach new customers. The source of the contact information, their Personal Data, comes from trade shows where contact information is voluntarily provided, webinar and seminar registrations, publically available sources such as Linkedin and purchased lists from external companies. The processing of personal data for direct marketing purposes is carried out for a legitimate business reasons. Only contacts who respond positively to the marketing content or who explicitly request to subscribe are maintained.
Information Associated With You. When you purchase a product, we provide you with a product license and an information to access to the purchased product. We maintain this information to prevent fraud and authorize access to the products you purchased as well as support service. We provide access to this personal data through a Customer Portal service.
If you purchase products through our ecommerce facilities for one year or recurring subscriptions we do not retain your financial information. All payment authorization is performed by a third-party PCI-compliant payment processor in encrypted form that does not retain credit card information.
How We Use Your Personal Data
We use Personal Data in any of the following ways:
We may use your Personal Data to process your transactions.
We analyze collected Information to better understand your needs and interests in order that we may improve our service to you.
We may combine anonymous information with information you provide to provide a more personal experience on our website or in our products.
We may use Personal Data to contact you to follow up on service and support requests that you have initiated or to provide services that you request.
We may contact you from time to time to inform you about changes in our services, including new product and product version announcements.
We post testimonials on our Site and in our marketing material that may contain Personal Data. Prior to posting a testimonial we will obtain your consent to use the testimonial information and your name.
We host webinars and other events that may be of interest to our community, and we may contact you about such events if we feel they may be of interest to you.
Disclosure of Your Information
We do not share, sell, or otherwise disclose your Personal Data for purposes other than those outlined in this Privacy Policy. We disclose your Personal Data to a few third parties, including: our third-party service providers that we use to support our business, such as our payment processors and hosting providers; to a company we merge, acquire, or that buys us, or in the event of change in structure of our company of any form; to comply with our legal obligations; to enforce our rights; and with your consent.
Access and Update of Your Personal Information
You can review and change your Personal Data by logging into the Site and Service and visiting the "My Profile" and "My Settings" pages. You may also notify us through the contact information below features of any changes or errors in any Personal Data we have about you to ensure that it is complete, accurate, and as current as possible. We may also not be able to accommodate your request if we believe it would violate any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect.
Revision of Personal Data
We retain minimum Personal Data that is reasonable and expected in the management and maintenance of a product supplier to customer relationship.
Personal Data Transfer, Processing and Storage
We process and store Personal Data on servers located in Russia. Your Personal Data may therefore be transferred to, using appropriate security protocols, processed and stored in a country different from your country of residence, and be subject to privacy laws that are different from those in your country of residence. The Personal Data that we store is not highly sensitive and is required to conduct normal and expected business practices. Specifically, Personal Data, as described in this policy, is stored in Cloud Storage Services managed by International companies. We and all third party companies with which we engage with have committed to complying with the 2018 EU GDPR privacy regulation for EU residents. Based on the Lawful basis definition, as defined by the EU GDPR regulation, CleverComponents use and storage of minimal Customer Personal Data, the Legitimate Interests basis is the appropriate legal basis of data storage and use. It is a reasonable and expected use of customer and prospective customer data.
We may process your Personal Data outside of your home country, including to the United States. We only do this when we are legally permitted to do so and when we have appropriate safeguards in place to protect your Personal Data.
If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), in order to provide our Websites, products, and services to you, we may send and store your Personal Data outside of the EEA, including to the United States. Accordingly, your Personal Data may be transferred outside the country where you reside or are located, including to countries that may not or do not provide an adequate level of protection for your Personal Data.
To ensure your Personal Data processed by other recipients is treated in accordance with this Privacy Policy, CleverComponents uses Data Processing Agreements between CleverComponents and all other recipients of your data that include, where applicable, the Standard Contractual Clauses adopted by the European Commission (the Standard Contractual Clauses). The European Commission has determined that the transfer of Personal Data pursuant to the Standard Contractual Clauses provides for an adequate level of protection of your Personal Data. Under these Standard Contractual Clauses, you have the same rights as if your data was not transferred to such third party. You may request a copy of the Data Processing Agreement by contacting us through the contact methods below.
Data Retention Periods
We will retain your personal data for the entire time that you keep your account open. After you close your account and request your information to be deleted, we may retain your Personal Data: on our backup and disaster recovery systems; for as long as necessary to protect our legal interests; and and to comply with other legal requirements.
Deletion of Personal Data
If requested, we will delete your Personal Data in a manner designed to ensure that your identity cannot be reconstructed or read. A deletion request may not result in the complete deletion of your data. Purchase information will be maintained for legal and financial audit purposes. Customer Portal submissions will be retained as per the Terms of Use Agreement and your name will be removed. If you wish to remove your Personal Data, contact us through the contact methods below and state your need and contact information.
In addition, we cannot completely delete your Personal Data as some data may rest in previous backups. These will be retained for the periods set forth in our disaster recovery policies. We also cannot delete your User Contributions, however proper access and use of information provided on the Site, including User Contributions, is governed by our Terms of Use
Withdrawal of Consent
To the extent that our processing of your Personal Data is based on your consent, you may withdraw your consent at any time by closing your account. Withdrawing your consent will not, however, affect the lawfulness of the processing based on your consent before its withdrawal, and will not affect the lawfulness of our continued processing that is based on any other lawful basis for processing your Personal Data.
Complaints
You have the right to lodge a complaint with the applicable supervisory authority in the country you live in, the country you work in, or the country where you believe your rights under applicable data protection laws have been violated. However, before doing so, we request that you contact us directly in order to give us an opportunity to work directly with you to resolve any concerns about your privacy.
Portability
You have the right to request that we provide you a copy of, or access to, all or part of such Personal Data in structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. You also have the right to request that we transmit this Personal Data to another controller, when technically feasible.
Promotional Offers
We will only use your email address to promote our own or third parties’ products and services with your express consent. If you wish to change your choice, you may do so at any time by contacting us through the contact methods below. If we have sent you a promotional email, you may unsubscribe by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of the email. This opt out does not apply to information provided to CleverComponents as a result of a product purchase, support emails, product service experience, security advisory messages (security fixes and updates) for the products you have purchased from us.
Do Not Track Signals
We do not track you over time and across third-party websites or other online services for any purpose. Some web browsers permit you to broadcast a signal to websites and online services indicating a preference that they “do not track” your online activities. At this time, we do not honor such signals and we do not modify what information we collect or how we use that information based upon whether such signal is broadcast or received.
Use of Cookies
We use cookies to ensure that the content we publish on our site is what our customers need and want. Cookies are small text files that are used to identify users as they access information throughout our site. When someone enters our Site and / or Service, a cookie is placed on their machine (only if the person accepts cookies) or is read if the person has previously visited our website.
Our cookies do not track or collect any personal information. They are used to provide our customers with the most useful information through understanding what areas of our site receive the most traffic and interest.
If you choose to disable cookies on your computer browser, you may not be able to fully access all of the products or services found on our site.
Children Under the Age of 18
Our Site (and Service) does not target nor is it intended to attract children under 18 years old. We do not knowingly solicit, collect, or accept personal information from children under 18 years of age. If we learn we have collected or received Personal Data from a child under 18 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 18, please contact us in any manner set forth below.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
We may change this Privacy Policy at any time. Any changes made to this Privacy Policy will be posted on this site. If we make any substantial changes in our Privacy Policy, we will post a notice on this Site.
Contacting Us
For questions or concerns about your Personal Data, review, correction, or deletion of your Personal Data you can contact us at admin@clevercomponents.com. Please be sure to include your name, company name, e-mail address, telephone number and your specific question, comment or concern.
Home | Products | Downloads | Order | Support | Contact Us | Privacy Policy | Terms of Use
Copyright © 2000-2020