http://www.potentproducts.com/privacypolicy.html
Site Search
[HOME]  CONTACT | FAQ | NAVIGATE | PRIVACY | SITE MAP | UPDATES | UPTIME
Privacy Policy
Effective: 2002 September 02
Potent Products has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to your privacy.
The following discloses how we obtain information and what we do with it.
Personal Information
Personal information you choose to provide, will be through Forms or Email and is sent directly to us.
We do not support or promote Spam in any way, shape, or form - Period. Neither does anyone we provide hosting for.
You can feel safe in knowing that we respect the privacy of our visitors and unless we have your permission, all information stays with us.
The only exceptions are; when someone presents a legal court order that requires the transfer of your information for law enforcement purposes (there is no choice but to comply in that type of situation), and/or if site security is being compromised.
Server Information
Every server at every Web site does gather some information and that cannot be avoided.  This information does not reveal your name, address, phone number or other types of personal information.  It shows what Operating System you are using, what Browser you visited with, the date you looked at the page and other generic information.
This information is lumped together and referred to as "statistically aggregated."  This information is then used to help diagnose server problems and to improve our site.  This helps us to provide you with a better Browser experience.  It also allows us; to know the number of visitors to our Web site, how many people looked at a certain page, was the information useful or helpful, how many times a program has been downloaded, etc.  This is useful and helpful information — for everyone.
Our Newsletter
The Newsletter is no longer being published.  All Tutorials will eventually be transferred over the Tutorials Directory.  You should Bookmark that Directory or the Updates page.  As the new tutorials are added, they will be made known there, along with all relevent site updates.
Contacting Us
Located at the bottom of every page is a Contact link.  This takes you to a page with our Mailing Address, contact information and a Feedback Form for your convenience.  Please use either one if you want more information or if you have any questions about:
this privacy statement
the practices of this site
your dealings with this Web site
anything you care to comment on
We answer all questions within 24 hrs.
Got Questions?We've got Answers.
Contact Us
With details of what you need we can understand better how to help you.
PayPal is also availablewith some packages.
© PotentProducts.com
<>
Contact   -   Privacy Policy   -   Support   -   TOS
Thursday, December 10th, 2020 MST
Page Content | Page Sub-Menu | This Dir Menu | Site Directories | Navigation | Search