http://www.openldap.org/privacy.html
OpenLDAP.org Privacy Statement
The OpenLDAP Project is a community effort to develop and support
open source LDAP software. The Project is rooted in the principles
of open participation and open communication. OpenLDAP web site,
FTP site, e-mail services, and other services provides a means for
participants in the effort, including users of OpenLDAP Software,
to freely communicate and share information. These services provided
are managed by a worldwide network of volunteers.
Given the nature of the OpenLDAP Project and particulars of how
services it provides are managed, privacy cannot be offered and
shall not be expected in any communications using any OpenLDAP.org
service.
While staff, volunteers, and users are generally expected to adhere
to norms of Internet etiquette and professional conduct, failure
to adhere to these norms shall not in itself be construed as counter
to any portion of this statement regarding privacy at OpenLDAP.org.
The OpenLDAP Project hosts a number of services, such as our mailing
list service, in which a user is required to register to in order
to make use of certain aspects of the service. In all such services,
the user is identified by a user provided email address. An email
exchange is generally to confirm the user is in control of the
account associated with the email address. The user's email address
is recorded a part of user information, is used to identify the
user in the service and associated logs, and is used in providing
the particular service to which the user has registered to obtain
(such as to provide copies of messages sent to a list to which the
user has subscribed).
The email address identifying the registered user is typically
published with any materials the user submits to the registered
service to identify the user to other users.
In the event a user wishes to cease obtain a particular service
that requires registration, the user may deregister from the service.
In which case, the user's registration record will be deactivated
in the authentication database for that service. The user's email
address will however remain in the user's registratin records and
logs, nad in any published content will remain in tact.
In the ordinary course of providing various Internet Services to
the OpenLDAP Project and others, the OpenLDAP Foundation logs a
wide range of information, including information which identify the
particular IP address accessing our the service, particulars of the
access, and exchanged content. While generally such logs records
are purged from the running system on a regular basis by automated
means, copies of logs may be maintained for an extended period as
operational or other circumstances dictate. Copies of logs may
also be archived. Log information, as circumstances may dicate,
may be shared with 3rd parties. For instance, log information
recording abuse of the provided services may be shared with 3rd
parties (such as abuse reporting clearing houses).
Email sent to an email address under the OpenLDAP.org domain will
generally not be regarded as private communication and may generally
be shared with others by the receipent. For instance, email sent to
various project contact addresses are commonly shared amongst the
volunteers managing the project, which in turn may share them with
others and/or forward the message to a project mailing list, and by
so doing, cause the content of the email to be recorded in archives.
Our services commonly managed with the assistance of volunteers.
Volunteers have access to user information, such as users' registered
email addresses. Volunteers are not generally bound by any legally
enforcable agreement to keep user information, or any other
information, in confidence. As such, users of provided services
are not offered, and shall expect, privacy of user information, or
any other information, they provide to these services.
This statement does not absolve anyone from their responsibilities
and duties not to trample the rights of others. This statement
is intended more as a cautionary note that there is no expectation
of privacy in communications with the OpenLDAP.org and/or the use of
services provide by the OpenLDAP Foundation and/or OpenLDAP Project.
________________
© Copyright 2014-2020, OpenLDAP Foundation. Privacy Statement
$Id: 2288997949a1d50eeff5fd7dbdbf0bc00b26c350 $