http://www.edval.com.au/terms-conditions/
Terms and Conditions
Website Terms and Conditions of Use
Edval Timetables Pty Ltd, (ACN 131 571 214) Suite 2, 83-97 Kippax Street Surry Hills, NSW 2010 (“Edval”) currently operates on the internet domain name www.edval.education (the “Website”)
By using this Website you agree to be bound by these Terms and Conditions of Use. If you do not agree with the Terms and Conditions, then you are not authorised to use this Website
Edval does not accept any other Terms and Conditions unless explicitly stated otherwise.
Limitation of Liability
The contents of this Website are only for general information or use. They do not constitute advice and should not be relied upon in making any decision.
Edval does not guarantee the accuracy of any content published on the Website and we exclude liability for loss or damage of any kind relating in any way to your use of that content and/or use of the Website.
Where liability cannot be excluded, by law we limit our liability to the resupply of the relevant information or services.
Edval assumes no responsibility, and shall not be liable for any damages to, or viruses that may infect, your computer equipment or other property on account of your access to, use of, or browsing in the Website or your downloading of any materials, data, text, images, video or audio from the Website.
Indemnity
You agree to indemnify and keep Edval indemnified against any cost, claim, expense, demand, loss or liability (whether direct or indirect) made against or incurred by Edval in connection with your use of the Website, your breach of these Terms and Conditions of Use or your breach of any rights of third parties.
Intellectual Property Rights
This Website and its contents are protected by copyright which is owned by Edval under the laws of Australia.
No material on this Website may be copied or reproduced in any form whatsoever, whether physical, electronic or otherwise, without Edval’s express, prior, written consent.
Unless otherwise stated, Edval owns or licenses the copyright and all other proprietary rights for all the content used on this Website including graphics, button icons, text, video images, logos, audio clips and other software.
You must not use any trademark that is displayed on this Website. Any use of such material without the express, prior, written consent of Edval may constitute an infringement of those rights and Edval gives no authorisation for the use of any such name, material or software in any way whatsoever.
You must make a formal request for our permission if you do wish to reproduce any of the content on the Website. If permission is granted you must make an appropriate reference to Edval concerning its ownership of the content and your licence to use it.
Edval is happy for you to use the Website as a link. However, we reserve the right to deny any person permission to link to the Website.
External Links
The external linked sites within the Website are not under the control of Edval. Such links are for browsing purposes only and in so doing Edval is not responsible for the content published on those external websites.
Edval does not endorse any linked entities, nor authorise any act which may be in breach of copyright or any other third party rights which are protected in law.
Edval does not accept any responsibility or liability for any representations or material in those external sites, nor does Edval make any warranty that the material on linked Websites is free of any computer virus, infringements or defects. You rely on such information or Websites entirely at your own risk.
Cookies
Cookies are very small text files that are stored on your computer when you visit some websites. Edval uses cookies on the Website to help identify your computer so we can customise your user experience
You may disable any cookies already stored on your computer, but these may stop our website functioning properly.
Changes to the Website and our Terms and Conditions of Use
Our Terms and Conditions of Use may be updated when necessary and at our own discretion. An updated version will be posted on the Edval Website. It is recommended that you check online to confirm you are up to date with the latest Edval Terms and Conditions of Use.
This Website may be inaccessible from time to time due to events outside Edval’s control.
By continuing to use this Website after any change becomes effective, you agree to be bound by the revised Terms and Conditions of Use.
Privacy Policy
If we collect your personal information, we do so subject to the terms of our Privacy Policy.
Governing Law
Notwithstanding the above, should this Website be accessed by anyone outside of Australia it shall be that person’s responsibility to ensure compliance with any local laws to the extent that they do or may apply to Edval.
This Website and its use are governed by the laws of Australia.
Contact
If you have any queries or need to contact us for any reason, please do so to the email address: sales@edval.education.
Company Quicklinks
Privacy Policy
GDPR
Terms & Conditions
End User License Agreement
Support
Legal