https://www.greymatter.com/corporate/website-terms-of-use
Call Me |
GMCirrus™ Login |
Live Chat
YouTube |
LinkedIn |
Twitter |
Facebook |
Call us: +44 (0)1364 655 100
Categories
Academic
Business
Cloud
CSP
Design and media
Developer
ISV
IT
Licensing support
Mapping
Remote working solutions
Security
Services
Startups
News and Events
News
Events
Showcases
Our top showcase pages:
Adobe
Azure
Azure Maps
AWS
Bing Maps
Bing Search API
Dynamics 365
Dynamics CRM
Embarcadero
ESET
Flexera
GitHub
HERE Technologies
Intel Software
JetBrains
ManageEngine
Microsoft
Microsoft Licensing
Microsoft 365
Microsoft Teams
MindManager
Nvidia
Parallels
Progress
Quest
SmartBear
Software Licensing
SolarWinds
Sophos
Special Offers
TechSmith
Veeam
Virtual Signature
Visual Studio
VMware vSOM
All Showcases
Case Studies
Bridges Fund Management- Email signature management
Clue Computing - Indirect CSP reseller
Grey Matter - Enterprise Mobility + Security
Grey Matter - Microsoft Teams
Guestline - Azure health check
Riskmonitor - Exchange Online
TutorPro - Office 365 tenant move
Cloud Services
Developer blog
Website Terms of Use
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS SITE
Terms of website use
This terms of use (together with the documents referred to in it) tells you the terms of use on which you may make use of our website www.greymatter.com (our site), whether as a guest or a registered user. Use of our site includes accessing, browsing, or registering to use our site.
Please read these terms of use carefully before you start to use our site, as these will apply to your use of our site. We recommend that you print a copy of this for future reference.
By using our site, you confirm that you accept these terms of use and that you agree to comply with them.
If you do not agree to these terms of use, you must not use our site.
Other applicable terms
These terms of use refer to the following additional terms, which also apply to your use of our site:
Our Privacy Policy, which sets out the terms on which we process any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us. By using our site, you consent to such processing and you warrant that all data provided by you is accurate.
Our Cookie Policy, which sets out information about the cookies on our site.
If you purchase goods from our site, our Terms and Conditions of supply will apply to the sales.
Information about us
www.greymatter.com is a site operated by Grey Matter Limited (“We”).  We are registered in England and Wales under company number 01671407 and have our registered office at 2 Prigg Meadow, Ashburton, Devon, TQ13 7DF.  Our VAT number is GB 384904621.
We are a limited company.
Changes to these terms
We may revise these terms of use at any time by amending this page.
Please check this page from time to time to take notice of any changes we made, as they are binding on you.
Changes to our site
We may update our site from time to time, and may change the content at any time. However, please note that any of the content on our site may be out of date at any given time, and we are under no obligation to update it.
We do not guarantee that our site, or any content on it, will be free from errors or omissions.
Accessing our site
Our site is made available free of charge.
We do not guarantee that our site, or any Content on it, will always be available or be uninterrupted. Access to our site is permitted on a temporary basis. We may suspend, withdraw, discontinue or change all or any part of our site without notice. We will not be liable to you if for any reason our site is unavailable at any time or for any period.
You are responsible for making all arrangements necessary for you to have access to our site.
You are also responsible for ensuring that all persons who access our site through your internet connection are aware of these terms of use and other applicable terms and conditions, and that they comply with them.
Your account and password
If you choose, or you are provided with, a user identification code, password or any other piece of information as part of our security procedures, you must treat such information as confidential. You must not disclose it to any third party.
We have the right to disable any user identification code or password, whether chosen by you or allocated by us, at any time, if in our reasonable opinion you have failed to comply with any of the provisions of these terms of use.
If you know or suspect that anyone other than you knows your user identification code or password, you must promptly notify us at webmaster@greymatter.com.
Intellectual property rights
We are the owner or the licensee of all intellectual property rights in our site, and in the material published on it (“Content”). Our site and our Content are protected by copyright laws and treaties around the world.  All such rights are reserved.
You may download and print extracts from our site including the Content for your own personal and non-commercial use only, provided you maintain and abide by any author attribution, copyright or trademark notice or restriction in any material that you download or print.
If you wish to use the Content for any purpose other than as permitted by these terms of use then please contact webmaster@greymatter.com
Our status (and that of any identified contributors) as the authors of content on our site must always be acknowledged.
You must not use any part of the content on our site for commercial purposes without obtaining a licence, or where appropriate a sub-licence, to do so from us.
No reliance on information
The content on our site is provided for general information only. It is not intended to amount to advice on which you should rely. You must obtain professional or specialist advice before taking, or refraining from, any action on the basis of the content on our site.
Although we make reasonable efforts to update the information on our site, we make no representations, warranties or guarantees, whether express or implied, that the content on our site is accurate, complete or up-to-date.
Limitation of our liability
Nothing in these terms of use excludes or limits our liability for death or personal injury arising from our negligence, or our fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, or any other liability that cannot be excluded or limited by English law.
To the extent permitted by law, we exclude all conditions, warranties, representations or other terms which may apply to our site or any Content, whether express or implied. Nothing in the Content is provided for any specific purpose or at the request of any particular person.
If you are a consumer user, please note that we only provide our site for domestic and private use. You agree not to use our site for any commercial or business purposes, and we have no liability to you for any loss of profit, loss of business, business interruption, or loss of business opportunity.
We will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by a virus, distributed denial-of-service attack, or other technologically harmful material that may infect your computer equipment, computer programs, data or other proprietary material due to your use of our site or to your downloading of any content on it, or on any website linked to it.
You can access other sites via links from our site. These sites are not under our control and we are not responsible in any way for any of their contents.
Different limitations and exclusions of liability will apply to liability arising as a result of the supply of any goods by use to you, which will be set out in our Terms and Conditions of supply.
Viruses
We do not guarantee that our site will be secure or free from bugs or viruses.
You are responsible for configuring your information technology, computer programmes and platform in order to access our site. You should use your own virus protection software.
You must not misuse our site by knowingly introducing viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other material which is malicious or technologically harmful. You must not attempt to gain unauthorised access to our site, the server on which our site is stored or any server, computer or database connected to our site. You must not attack our site via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of service attack. By breaching this provision, you would commit a criminal offence under the Computer Misuse Act 1990. We will report any such breach to the relevant law enforcement authorities and we will co-operate with those authorities by disclosing your identity to them. In the event of such a breach, your right to use our site will cease immediately.
Linking to our site
You may link to our home page, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it.
You must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists.
We give you permission to link to our site however we do not accept any responsibility for any liability that may arise as a result of you linking to a third party site
We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice.
If you wish to make any use of content on our site other than that set out above or if you have any queries about how best to link to our site, please contact webmaster@greymatter.com.
Applicable law
If you are a consumer, please note that these terms of use, its subject matter and its formation, are governed by English law. You and we both agree to that the courts of England and Wales will have non-exclusive jurisdiction. However, if you are a resident of Northern Ireland you may also bring proceedings in Northern Ireland, and if you are resident of Scotland, you may also bring proceedings in Scotland.
If you are a business, these terms of use, its subject matter and its formation (and any non-contractual disputes or claims) are governed by English law. We both agree to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales.
Contact us
To contact us, please email webmaster@greymatter.com
Thank you for visiting our site.
GMCirrus™
Grey Matter Ltd's cloud automation platform.
About
|
Credit Account
|
Terms and Conditions
|
Terms of Use
|
Careers
|
Contact
|
Modern Slavery Statement
|
Privacy
Copyright © Grey Matter Ltd. 1983-2020 | Registered Office: The Old Maltings, Prigg Meadow, Ashburton, Devon, TQ13 7DF | Registered in England Company no: 1671407 | VAT no: GB 384904621
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site you will be accepting our cookie policy. Cookie settingsOkRead MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.