http://www.limesurvey.org/en/privacy-policy
Menu
Solutions
Market ResearchCustomer SurveyUniversitiesStudentsPricingSupport
ManualForumsFAQSupportContactPartnersLoginSign up for free
Solutions
Market Research
Customer Survey
Universities
Students
Pricing
Support
Manual
Forums
FAQ
Support
Contact
Partners
Login
Sign up for free
Privacy policy
Explanations concerning data protection can be found on the domains www.limesurvey.org, community.limesurvey.org, account.limesurvey.org, forums.limesurvey.org, store.limesurvey.org, bugs.limesurvey.org, translate.limesurvey.org and manual.limesurvey.org (hereinafter ‘websites’).
Data protection is a top priority for us. We would like to inform you about how we process your data below. We therefore ask that you read the following information on data protection carefully.
1. Name and contact details of the controller responsible for processing and the company data protection officer
This data protection notice applies to data processed by:
Data controller:
LimeSurvey GmbH, survey service & consultancy
Papenreye 63, 22453 Hamburg
Telephone: +49 40 22660066 (support not provided over the phone!)
Email: This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it., support: This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
Website: www.limesurvey.org
The company data protection officer for LimeSurvey can be contacted via the above address, FAO: Mr Olaf Mangliers, or at www.datenschutzbeauftragter-hamburg.com.
2. Collecting and storing personal data, as well as the type and purpose of data use
When visiting our website
When accessing our website, information is automatically sent to our website’s server by the browser used on your end device. This information is temporarily stored in a ‘log file’. The following information is collected without any action on your part and stored until it is automatically deleted:
anonymised (= truncated) IP address of the accessing machine;
date and time of access;
name and URL of the file retrieved;
size of transferred data;
whether or not the download was successful;
website from which access is made (referrer URL); and
browser used and, if applicable, your machine’s operating system and the name of your access provider.
The specified data is processed by us for the following purposes:
to ensure that a smooth connection is established with the website;
to guarantee the convenient use of our website;
to evaluate system security and stability; and
for other administrative purposes.
The legal basis for data processing is Article 6 (1) (f) of the GDPR. Our legitimate interests are based on the above-mentioned purposes for collecting data. We never use the data collected to draw conclusions about you as a person.
We also use cookies and analysis services when you visit our website. You can find more information about this in points 3 and 4 of this privacy policy.
When subscribing to our newsletter
If you have given your explicit consent pursuant to Article 6 (1) (a) of the GDPR, we use your email address to regularly send you our newsletter. If you have provided further information within the scope of our online presence (e.g. first name, last name, company name, line of business, job title, etc.), we may use this data to send you a personalised newsletter and therefore to be able to display content relevant to you more accurately.
You can unsubscribe at any time, for example by clicking on the link at the bottom of each newsletter. Alternatively, you can send your unsubscribe request by email to This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. at any time.
We use services provided by ZOHO CORPORATION B. V. to send our newsletter (see point 3).
When using our contact form
If you have any questions, you have the option of contacting us via the form on the website. A valid email address, and a first name and last name is required to do so, so that we know who the request has come from and are able to respond. Further information can be provided on a voluntary basis.
Data processing for the purposes of you contacting us takes place on the basis of Article 6 (1) (a) of the GDPR if your voluntary consent has been given.
The personal data we collect when you use the contact form is erased once your request has been resolved.
We use services provided by ZOHO CORPORATION B. V. to save and respond to your request (see point 3).
3. Sharing data
Your personal data is not shared with third parties for purposes other than those listed below.
We only share your personal data with third parties if:
you explicitly consent to this under Article 6 (1) (a) of the GDPR;
data must be shared pursuant to Article 6 (1) (f) of the GDPR in order to assert, exercise or defend legal claims and there is no reason to assume that you have an overriding legitimate interest in your data not being shared with third parties;
if there is a legal obligation to share it pursuant to Article 6 (1) (c) of the GDPR; and
if this is legally permissible and required in order to process contractual relationships pursuant to Article 6 (1) (b) of the GDPR.
3.1   ZOHO CORPORATION B. V.
We will process and maintain personal data you have provided to us by making a contact request (via the website, by email, phone, fax or in person), through a newsletter subscription or direct business relationships using a customer relationship management system (CRM system).
We use ZOHO CORPORATION B. V. (Hoogoorddreef 15, 1101 BA, Amsterdam, The Netherlands) services for this purpose. Zoho Corporation Pvt. Ltd. (Estancia IT Park, Plot No. 140 & 151, GST Road, Vallancherry Village, Chengalpattu Taluk, Kanchipuram District 603 202, India) is involved in the provision of Zoho. Please note that there is not an appropriate level of data protection in India as a third country and there is no EU Commission adequacy decision, however Zoho Corporation Pvt. Ltd has provided sufficient assurances to ensure an adequate level of data protection. Specifically, we have concluded a commissioned processing contract with ZOHO CORPORATION B. V. and Zoho Corporation Pvt. Ltd based on the EU standard contractual clauses on commissioned processing in third countries. Details on data protection at Zoho and settings options to protect your personal data can be found in Zoho’s privacy policy: https://www.zoho.eu/privacy.html.
We use the following ZOHO CORPORATION B. V. services:
ZOHO CRM
Purpose: Maintaining customer data
Data transmission for: (1) Using our contact form, (2) using our registration form
Data exchange: Data is exchanged with ZOHO SalesIQ, ZOHO Campaigns, ZOHO Flow and ZOHO Desk
ZOHO Campaigns
Purpose: Email marketing
Data transmission for: (1) Subscribing to our newsletter
Data exchange: Data is exchanged with ZOHO SalesIQ, ZOHO CRM, ZOHO Flow and ZOHO Desk
ZOHO Flow
Purpose: Further data processing service
Data transmission for: (1) Using our contact form, (2) using our registration form, (3) subscribing to our newsletter
Data exchange: Data is exchanged with ZOHO SalesIQ, ZOHO CRM, ZOHO Campaigns and ZOHO Desk
ZOHO SalesIQ
Purpose: Customer service chat
Data transmission for: (1) Using the chat feature on our websites
Data exchange: Data is exchanged with ZOHO CRM, ZOHO Campaigns, ZOHO Flow and ZOHO Desk
3.2   Web analysis/tracking providers for which consent is required
If you have given your consent to the use of cookies for statistical purposes, the following essential services are used to optimise our website, thus ensuring the best possible user experience. To do so, anonymised user data is collected via the respective service when visiting our website. The services specified below use ‘cookies’ which allow your user behaviour to be analysed. You can prevent this ‘tracking’ by changing your browser settings or by rejecting consent to cookies.
We exclusively store this data for the specified purposes. IP addresses have been truncated by removing the last few digits to guarantee anonymity.
Google Ireland Limited services
Google Analytics
Purpose: Google Analytics allows us to collect statistics concerning website visitors.
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Google Optimize
Purpose: Google Optimize allows us to dynamically display content (e.g. for A/B tests) based on visitors’ IP addresses and the website’s user behaviour.
https://policies.google.com/privacy
ZOHO CORPORATION B. V. services
PageSense
Purpose: PageSense allows us to check the general use of our website through a heat map and to display important content to you in the right place on individual websites as a result. We can also anonymously record the progression of individual sessions to get an understanding of how visitors use our website. PageSense also allows us to dynamically display content (e.g. for A/B tests) based on visitors’ IP addresses and the website’s user behaviour.
https://www.zoho.eu/privacy.html, https://www.zoho.com/pagesense/cookie-policy.html
SalesIQ
Purpose: SalesIQ allows us to integrate a chat feature into our website. SalesIQ records user behaviour on our websites in order to provide our customer service representatives with precise information about your concerns when using the chat feature.
https://www.zoho.eu/privacy.html, https://www.zoho.com/salesiq/cookies-policy.html
3.3   Marketing providers for which consent is required
We do not currently integrate any external marketing providers. The Google Analytics ‘Target audience for remarketing’ feature is disabled.
3.4   Google Tag Manager
Our websites use Google Tag Manager. Google Tag Manager is a solution that can be used to manage, control and download any type of website content (HTML, CSS, Javascript). Google Tag Manager itself is loaded via a cookie-free domain and does not collect any personal data. If content is downloaded via Google Tag Manager which collects data, Tag Manager does not access this data.
4. Cookies
5. Data subject rights
You have the right:
to request information about your personal data that is processed by us, pursuant to Article 15 of the GDPR. In particular, you can request information about the purposes of processing, the category of personal data, the categories of recipients to whom the data has been or is being disclosed, the intended storage period, the existence of a right to rectification, erasure, restriction of processing or objection, the existence of a right to lodge a complaint, the origin of your data if it was not collected by us, and the existence of automated decision-making including profiling and meaningful information about the details of this, where applicable;
to request that incorrect or incomplete personal data stored by us is immediately rectified pursuant to Article 16 of the GDPR;
to request that your personal data stored by us is erased pursuant to Article 17 of the GDPR, provided that processing is not required to exercise the right to free expression of opinion and information, to fulfil a legal obligation, for reasons in the public interest or to assert, exercise or defend legal claims;
to request that the processing of your personal data is restricted pursuant to Article 18 of the GDPR, if the accuracy of the data is disputed by you or processing is unlawful, and you have objected to such data being erased and we no longer require the data, but you require it to assert, exercise or defend legal claims, or you have objected to processing pursuant to Article 21 of the GDPR;
to request that you receive the personal data concerning you, which you have provided us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format or is transmitted to another controller, pursuant to Article 20 of the GDPR; and
to withdraw the consent you have previously given at any time pursuant to Article 7 (3) of the GDPR. This results in us no longer being able to process data on which this consent is based in the future; and
to complain to a supervisory authority in accordance with Article 77 of the GDPR. Generally, you can contact the supervisory authority where you have your usual place of residence or place of work or where our law firm’s office is based.
6. Right to object
If your personal data is processed on the basis of legitimate interests pursuant to Article 6 (1) (f) of the GDPR, you have the right to object against your personal data being processed pursuant to Article 21 of the GDPR, provided that there are reasons that relate to your particular situation or provided that the objection is against direct marketing. If the latter applies, you have the general right to object, which is processed by us without having received details concerning a particular situation.
If you would like to assert your right of withdrawal or your right to object, please simply send an email to This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it..
7. Data security
Within the scope of you visiting our website, we use the commonly-used SSL process (secure socket layer) together with the respective maximum level of encryption supported by your browser. This is generally 256-bit encryption. If your browser does not support 256-bit encryption, we will use 128-bit v3 technology instead. You can tell whether individual pages of our website are being transmitted in an encrypted way if a key or padlock symbol is shown in your browser’s lower status bar.
We also take appropriate technical and organisational security measures to protect your data from any accidental or intentional manipulation, partial or total loss, destruction or unauthorised access by third parties. If personal data is collected and processed, information is transferred in an encrypted way in order to prevent data being misused by third parties. Our security measures are continually improved in line with technological developments.
8. Updating and changing this privacy policy
This privacy policy is currently valid and is dated 07 August 2020.
If we further develop our website and services, or if there is a change in legal or official guidelines, it may be necessary to change this privacy policy. You can access and print out the latest privacy policy from the website at any time.
Languages
Deutsch
English
Español
Français
Português
Legal
Terms & ConditionsLegal noticePrivacy policyAbout us
BlogNewsletterCareersOpen Source
CommunityForumsDevelopersTranslation
Copyright © 2006-2020 LimeSurvey GmbH