http://www.evercurrent.com/site/privacy
Accept
We use cookies in order to save your preferences so we can provide a feature-rich,
personalized website experience. We also use functionality from third-party vendors who may
add additional cookies of their own (e.g. Analytics, Maps, Chat, etc). Read more about
cookies in our Privacy Policy
and Terms of
Service.
If you do not accept our use of Cookies, please do not use the website.
Get Evercurrent About Privacy FAQ
Get Evercurrent
About
Privacy
FAQ
Web security made simple								Evercurrent
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy Contact Information:
Evercurrent				Austin TX 78765
United States info@evercurrent.io
It is our policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our
websites.
For visitors on our website we collect:
Any voluntary information submitted to us by visitors.
Aggregate (General Tracking) information about pages that users visit on our site.
Non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available,
such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor
request. Our purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how our
visitors use our website. From time to time, we may release non-personally-identifying information in the
aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of our website.
Potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses. We do not use such
information to identify visitors and do not disclose such information, other than under the same
circumstances for disclosing personally-identifying information, as described below.
The information that we collect is used for:
Internal review, tracking, or contacting and is then archived for future reference.
Delivering custom content to our website visitors.
Improving the quality of our website content and user friendliness for a better user experience.
Contact information for billing, service announcements, marketing purposes, including newsletters, emails or
periodic advertisements from our company.
Not Shared with any outside organization for commercial purposes, except where required. We may still share
this information for tracking and other non-commercial purposes.
Google Analytics is setup to track traffic to or from
this website. Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits
to this site is restricted by the Google Analytics
Terms of Use
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to our website choose to interact with us in ways that require us to gather
personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that we gather depends on the nature of
the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up for an account to provide a name, email address and
phone number. Those who engage in transactions with us are asked to provide additional information, including as
necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, we
collect such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor’s
interaction with us. We doe not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And
visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent
them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
We use SSL encryption to protect the data that is transferred between you and our servers. We disclose
potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of our employees,
contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on our
behalf or to provide services available at our websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others.
Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country;
by using our website, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. We will not rent or sell
potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to our
employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, we disclose potentially
personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only when required to do so by law, or when we
believe in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of our
organization, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of a our website and have
supplied your email address, we may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your
feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with our organization and our products. We primarily
use our blogs to communicate this type of information, so we expect to keep this type of email to a minimum. We
will take all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or
destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookie Policy
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer. The visitor's browser provides this information to the website each time the visitor loads a page. We use cookies to help us identify and track visitors, their usage of our website, and their website access preferences. Most cookies are harmless, the data is only stored temporarily to make the website work. But cookies can track you across the internet, when they are set by third party features (e.g. Google Maps).
Viewing and Deleting Cookies
You may view the settings in your browser to see a list of all cookies that are saved on our website. You can view the contents or delete them at any time.
Third Party Cookies
We use third-party vendors (e.g. Google Maps, Google Analytics, etc) who may add third-party cookies which collect data and compile your activity with other data they own. These cookies can legitimately track you, record what pages you visit, and provide highly targetting advertising based on your activity. Not all third party features do this, but you should be aware that it is common practice. As long as we use their features on the website, we can't control how they use cookies. But reputable companies often let you opt-out of tracking (see options below).
Opt-Out of Cookie Collection
We provide a Cookie Consent notice when you first visit our site. If you agree, we set a cookie that is valid for 12 months, at which point you need to agree again. If you wish to revoke your acceptance of our Cookie policy, you can easily open your browser settings, find the section that describes your security (keyword "cookies") and delete all your cookies for this domain.
If you do not consent, you should not use our website, because at the moment, there is no way to use our site without cookies. We require the use of basic cookies for doing very mundane things like: remembering the active menu, or storing common variables to make the site load faster. You cannot opt out of these required cookies or the site won't work. We do use third party services (e.g. Google Maps) which may set cookies that could track you around the internet on other sites that use those same services. Unfortunately, we can't provide you functionality like Maps, Chat, or Analytics (which is important for our business operations) without these cookies. They are critical to our core functionality and business activities, and we don't currently have a way to disable only specific features of the site. But if you are concerned about third party cookies tracking you, you do have a few options:
Edit your browser settings to "disable third party cookies" (see this article for tips).
Opt out of cookie collection at the third party company, e.g. Google Opt-out
California Online Privacy Protection Act
CalOPPA is the first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a
privacy policy. The law's reach stretches well beyond California to require any person or company in the United
States (and conceivably the world) that operates websites collecting Personally Identifiable Information from
California consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being
collected and those individuals or companies with whom it is being shared.
According to CalOPPA, we agree to the following:
Users can visit our site anonymously.
Once this privacy policy is created, we will add a link to it on our home page or as a minimum, on the first
significant page after entering our website.
Our Privacy Policy link includes the word 'Privacy' and can easily be found on the page specified above.
You will be notified of any Privacy Policy changes on our Privacy Policy page. You can change your personal
information by logging in to your account, or by chatting with us or by sending us a support ticket.
How does our site handle Do Not Track signals?
We do not currently have the technology to honor Do Not Track signals. However, third-party services may honor
this request.
Does our site allow third-party behavioral tracking?
It's also important to note that we do not allow third-party behavioral tracking.
COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)
When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under the age of 13 years old, the
Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, United
States' consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and
online services must do to protect children's privacy and safety online.
We do not specifically market to children under the age of 13 years old.
Fair Information Practices
The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts
they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe.
Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply
with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.
In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take the following responsive action, should a
data breach occur:
We will notify you via email within 72 hours.
We will notify the users via in-site notification within 72 hours.
We also agree to the Individual Redress Principle which requires that individuals have the right to legally
pursue enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This
principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that
individuals have recourse to courts or government agencies to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by
data processors.
CAN SPAM Act
The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial
messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough
penalties for violations.
We collect your email address in order to:
Send information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions.
Process orders and to send information and updates pertaining to orders.
Send you additional information related to your product and/or service.
Market to our mailing list or continue to send emails to our clients after the original transaction has
occurred.
To be in accordance with CANSPAM, we agree to the following:
Not use false or misleading subjects or email addresses.
Identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way.
Include the physical address of our business or site headquarters.
Monitor third-party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used.
Honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly.
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can follow the instructions at
the bottom of each email and we will promptly remove you from ALL non-account related correspondence. But as
long as you use our services, you are required to consent to billing, service, and account related
correspondence.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, we may change our Privacy Policy from time to time, at our sole
discretion. We encourage visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to our Privacy Policy. If you
have an account, you should also check your site’s dashboard for alerts to these changes. Your continued use of
this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Other Information:
If you have any questions, or are currently receiving a newsletter or emails from us and would like to stop
receiving them, please notify us by contacting us by mail, phone or email at the above address.
With respect to sensitive information, we will redirect the user to a secure page on our site before
transferring or receiving sensitive data. This information may include credit card or banking information,
personal information, or other sensitive information.
For questions regarding our privacy policy or website in general, please contact by mail, phone, or email, at
the above address.
Connect
©2020
Evercurrent
|
Get Evercurrent
|
About
|
Privacy
|
FAQ
Conversion Landing Page Website Design by Gutensite.