https://www.techsog.com/privacy-policy/
Techsog.com designed this privacy policy with the purpose of giving you a clear view and security measures of every info we get from you while using our site.
Techsog.com is hard-working and dedicated. We seriously put in everything possible to ensure that your privacy while using our website is highly protected. Techsog.com subsequently may require your details which we will be using as an Identity while you are using our website. We guarantee you that every single information given to us will not for any reason be sold or given out to any one aside what we have requested it for. We will apply it properly in accordance with this privacy policy
At some point Techsog.com because of some reasons, may be altering our policy by updating this page. You are advised to check this page from time to time so as to make sure the changes made suits you.
Info what we may require are:
Name and job title.
Contact info including email address.
Demographic info such as postcode, preferences, and interests.
Other info relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
What we do with the Info we gather
Our greatest desire is to amaze our client’s. This info is required to get a full insight of your main need and provide you with the best service. See the basic reasons below: To
Internal record keeping.
Expand our products and services.
Update you via emails about new products, special offers or other info which we think you may find interesting using the email address.
We may also use your information to get in touch with you for market research purposes once in a while. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or email. Sometimes we use your info to customize the website according to your interests.
Security
Techsog.com is devoted to making sure that your info is secure and intact. To prevent unauthorized access or disclosure. We have applied suitable physical, electronic and decision-making process to maintain and secure the information we collect online.
Recent Posts
Steps To Buy Bitcoins With Amazon Gift Card – Paxful.Com
December 7, 2020
How to Buy Bitcoin with a Gift Card And Other Peer To Peer Cryptocurrency Exchange Platforms
December 7, 2020
Paybis – Buy And Sell Bitcoin With Credit card, Debit card, And Wire Transfer
December 7, 2020
Public Facebook Search Listing Previews –
How To Opt Out
December 7, 2020
DISCLOSURE Techsog is an outstanding Information Blog that provides Advertisement promotion support service. Techsog independently offer advert for Gift cards, credit cards, online shops, Social media tips with or without any form of reward or compensation from the online shop, Credit Card issuer or Banks to help the reach targeted customers or clients for companies.
KINDLY NOTE: that contents on this website are views of only Authors and not for any organization, Banks, Hotel, Gift card Company, Credit Card issuer, or any company. The Articles Published on this website have not been appraised, endorsed or approved by any company mention in any of the articles.
We guarantee you quality privacy with regards to your info. If there be any form of breach, notify us as it will be attended to with immediate effect. You can reach us at Techsog3434@gmail.com  any time.