http://www.nexterna.com/privacy_policy
Request a demo
905-319-8378
Products
Support
News & Resources
About
Contact
Privacy Policy
What information is collected?
Nexterna wants to provide an innovative, positive Internet experience.  To help us find out what you do and
don't like about our website, we may occasionally ask for your opinion.  You may also be asked whether you would
like to receive information about new products.  In addition, we sometimes collect information to find out how
people found our website, which pages they visited, and how long they stayed.  This information does not include
any personal information about you.
Nexterna may, in some cases, collect demographic information.  This information is only requested on a
voluntary basis.  Nexterna may aggregate this demographic information and disclose such information in aggregate
to third parties.  However, in these situations, Nexterna will not share any information that could be used
to personally identify you.  Specifically, we may collect information for the following circumstances:
Email
By allowing you to send email to us, we are not attempting to collect any personal information about you.  We
will only use any personal information (such as name, mailing address and email address) contained in your email to
respond to your specific inquiry or comments in the email.  Though we may retain your email for a period of
time, we will not use any personal information contained in your email for any purpose other than responding to your
specific inquiry or comments.
Resumes
Our website allows for the online submission of resumes.  Personal information collected on resumes will be
used solely for the purpose of accepting and evaluating candidate submissions for job postings.  This
information may be shared within the company.
Cookies
Nexterna may use "cookies" to enhance your experience at our website.  Cookies are pieces of information that
we may place on your computer to help "personalize" your visit to the website.  For example, a cookie will allow
us to remember certain things about you, such as your screen name or what industry information you are most
interested in.  Most major websites use cookies exactly for this purpose.  We can not tell who you
are or where you are.  The cookie only tells us that you have visited the site before and may contain certain
information that will help us make your visit more enjoyable.  Nexterna will never use cookies to retrieve
information from your computer that was not originally sent to you, by us, in a cookie.
Opt-out
If you do not want Nexterna to send you email or regular mail about our products and/or services, you can opt-out at
the time of registration or at the time of information collection.  If you are receiving emails or regular
mail and at a later date you choose to opt-out and have your name removed from Nexterna's database, you can do so by
sending an email to webmaster@nexterna.com.
Safeguarding your personal information
Nexterna will only collect personal information to the extent deemed reasonably necessary to serve our legitimate
business purposes, and we will take the appropriate steps to ensure the security and integrity of any information
you provided to us.
Review, update and removal of personal information
If you have registered with our website, you may at any time review and/or update the contact information we have
for you or inform us that you want us to remove your information from our database by contacting us at
webmaster@nexterna.com.  Please be sure to include in your
message the email address you used to register so that we can verify your request.
We reserve the right to change this statement at any time, so visit this page from time to time to check for changes.
Products
Clearview
Clearview Mobile
Clearview Web Access
Clearview Link
FieldPro
Contact
Email
Telephone
Request a Demo
News & Resources
News
Newsletter
More
About Nexterna
Careers
Partners
Management Team
Privacy Policy