https://www.juno.com/start/landing.do?page=www/legal/yourprivacyrights
Help | FAQs
Sign in to your Email
Main Menu
Access Numbers
Getting Started
Requirements
Get Software
Anti Fraud
Anti Spam
Parental Consent
Privacy
Acceptable Use
Cookie Policy
Your Privacy Rights
Terms of Service
Your Privacy Rights
We take your privacy seriously and aim to be as transparent as
possible in how we handle your information.
To make it simple for you, we have updated your My Account page to
include the information we have collected for your account. You can
log into your My Account page to Manage Your Info, including the
option to remove all information not required to maintain your
services with Juno. Please keep in mind that some information
cannot be deleted while you maintain an account with Juno. To
log into your My Account and review or modify your account info, click here.
Juno, Inc. Privacy Notice for California Residents
Effective Date: January 1, 2020
Last
Reviewed on: December 9, 2019
This Privacy Notice for California Residents supplements the
information contained in the Juno, Inc. (collectively with its
subsidiaries and direct and indirect corporate parents "we", "us", or
"our") Privacy Policy located at: https://www.juno.com/start/landing.do?page=www/legal/privacy
and applies solely to all visitors, users, and others who reside in
the State of California ("consumers" or "you"). We adopt this notice
to comply with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA) and
any terms defined in the CCPA have the same meaning when used in this
Notice.
This Notice does not apply to employment-related personal
information collected from California-based employees, job
applicants, contractors, or similar individuals.
Information We Collect
We collect information that identifies, relates to, describes,
references, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could
reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular
consumer, household, or device ("personal information").
Personal information does not include:
Publicly available information from government records.
Deidentified or aggregated consumer information.
Information excluded from the CCPA's scope, like:
health or medical information covered by the Health
Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) and
the California Confidentiality of Medical Information Act (CMIA)
or clinical trial data;
personal information covered by certain sector-specific
privacy laws, including the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FRCA), the
Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA) or California Financial Information
Privacy Act (FIPA), and the Driver's Privacy Protection Act of
1994.
In particular, we have collected the following categories of personal
information from its consumers within the last twelve (12) months:
Category
Examples
Collected
A.1. Identifiers.
A real name, alias, postal address, unique personal
identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email
address, account name, or other similar identifiers.
YES
A.2. Identifiers.
Social Security number, driver's license number, passport
number,
NO
B.1. Personal information categories listed in the
California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code §
1798.80(e)).
A name, address, telephone number, credit card number,
debit card number, education, employment, bank account number
(ACH payment type).
YES
B.2. Personal information categories listed in the
California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code §
1798.80(e)).
A signature, Social Security number, physical
characteristics or description, passport number, driver's license
or state identification card number, insurance policy number,
employment history, bank account number, or any other financial
information, medical information, or health insurance
information. Some personal information included in this category
may overlap with other categories.
NO
C.1. Protected classification characteristics under
California or federal law.
Age (40 years or older), marital status (title), sex
(including gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy
or childbirth and related medical conditions).
YES
C.2. Protected classification characteristics under
California or federal law.
Race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship,
religion or creed, medical condition, physical or mental
disability, sexual orientation, veteran or military status,
genetic information (including familial genetic information).
NO
D. Commercial information.
Records of personal property, products or services
purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or
consuming histories or tendencies.
NO
E. Biometric information.
Genetic, physiological, behavioral, and biological
characteristics, or activity patterns used to extract a template
or other identifier or identifying information, such as,
fingerprints, faceprints, and voiceprints, iris or retina scans,
keystroke, gait, or other physical patterns, and sleep, health,
or exercise data.
NO
F. Internet or other similar network activity.
Browsing history, search history, information on a
consumer's interaction with a website, application, or
advertisement.
YES
G. Geolocation data.
Physical location or movements.
NO
H. Sensory data.
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar
information.
NO
I. Professional or employment-related information.
Current or past job history or performance evaluations.
NO
J. Non-public education information (per the Family
Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Section 1232g, 34
C.F.R. Part 99)).
Education records directly related to a student
maintained by an educational institution or party acting on its
behalf, such as grades, transcripts, class lists, student
schedules, student identification codes, student financial
information, or student disciplinary records.
NO
K. Inferences drawn from other personal information.
Profile reflecting a person's preferences,
characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior,
attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
YES
Our Website obtains/We obtain the categories of personal
information listed above from the following categories of sources:
Directly from you. For example, from forms you complete or
products and services you purchase.
Your interaction with our customer support services.
Use of Personal Information
We may use or disclose the personal information we collect for one or
more of the following purposes:
To fulfill or meet the reason you provided the information.
For example, if you share your name and contact information to
request a price quote or ask a question about our products or
services, we will use that personal information to respond to your
inquiry. If you provide your personal information to purchase a
product or service, we will use that information to process your
payment and facilitate delivery. We may also save your information
to facilitate new product orders or process returns.
To provide, support, personalize, and develop our Website,
products, and services.
To create, maintain, customize, and secure your account
with us.
To process your requests, purchases, transactions, and
payments and prevent transactional fraud.
To provide you with support and to respond to your
inquiries, including to investigate and address your concerns and
monitor and improve our responses.
To personalize your Website experience and to deliver
content and product and service offerings relevant to your
interests, including targeted offers and ads through our Website,
third-party sites, and via email or text message (with your
consent, where required by law).
To help maintain the safety, security, and integrity of our
Website, products and services, databases and other technology
assets, and business.
To respond to law enforcement requests and as required by
applicable law, court order, or governmental regulations.
As described to you when collecting your personal
information or as otherwise set forth in the CCPA.
To evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture,
restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or
transfer of some or all of our assets, whether as a going concern
or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in
which personal information held by us about our users/consumers is
among the assets transferred.
We will not collect additional categories of personal information or
use the personal information we collected for materially different,
unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing you notice.
Sharing Personal Information
We may disclose your personal information to a third party for
a business purpose or sell your personal information, subject to
your right to opt-out of those sales (see Personal Information Sales
Opt-Out rights). When we disclose personal information for a
business purpose, we enter a contract that describes the purpose and
requires the recipient to both keep that personal information
confidential and not use it for any purpose except performing the
contract.
We share your personal information with the following categories of
third parties:
Service providers.
Advertisers.
Affiliates.
Partners.
Parent or subsidiary organizations.
Internet cookie data recipients, like Google Analytics.
Government entities in compliance with law.
Disclosures of Personal Information for a Business
Purpose
In the preceding twelve (12) months, Company has disclosed the
following categories of personal information for a business purpose:
Category A.1.: Identifiers
Category B.1.: California Customer Records personal
information categories.
Category K: Inferences drawn from other personal
information.
We disclose your personal information for a business purpose to the
following categories of third parties:
Service providers.
Government entities in compliance with law.
Advertising partners.
Sales of Personal Information
In the preceding twelve (12) months, we have sold the
following categories of personal information:
A.1. Identifiers - email address.
We sell your personal information to the following categories
of third parties:
Data aggregators.
Your Rights and Choices
The CCPA provides consumers (California residents) with specific
rights regarding their personal information. This section describes
your CCPA rights and explains how to exercise those rights.
Access to Specific Information and Data Portability
Rights
You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to
you about our collection and use of your personal information over
the past 12 months. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable
consumer request (see Exercising Access, Data Portability, and
Deletion Rights), we will disclose to you:
The categories of personal information we collected about
you.
The categories of sources for the personal information we
collected about you.
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or
selling that personal information.
The categories of third parties with whom we share that
personal information.
The specific pieces of personal information we collected
about you (also called a data portability request).
If we sold or disclosed your personal information for a
business purpose, two separate lists disclosing:
sales, identifying the personal information categories
that each category of recipient purchased; and
disclosures for a business purpose, identifying the
personal information categories that each category of recipient
obtained.
Deletion Request Rights
At any time you are able to log into your My Account page and
review, edit or delete some information from your account. You can
log into your My Account page here, https://account.juno.com/account/acmg/acmg.do.
You also have the right to request that we delete any of your
personal information that we collected from you and retained,
subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your
verifiable consumer request (see Exercising Access, Data
Portability, and Deletion Rights), we will delete (and direct our
service providers to delete) your personal information from our
records, unless an exception applies. Please note that
we can't provide our Services to you we delete your personal
information from our records, so such a request will necessarily
involved termination of your Services.
We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is
necessary for us or our service provider(s) to:
Complete the transaction for which we collected the
personal information, provide a good or service that you requested,
take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our
ongoing business relationship with you, fulfill the terms of a
written warranty or product recall conducted in accordance with
federal law, or otherwise perform our contract with you.
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious,
deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those
responsible for such activities.
Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair
existing intended functionality.
Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer
to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right
provided for by law.
Comply with the California Electronic Communications
Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 et. seq.).
Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical,
or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all
other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information's
deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the
research's achievement, if you previously provided informed
consent.
Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned
with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us.
Comply with a legal obligation.
Make other internal and lawful uses of that information
that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.
Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion
Rights
To exercise the access, data portability, and deletion rights
described above, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us by
either:
Managing your own information here, https://account.juno.com/account/acmg/getAccountInfo.do
Requesting more information or assistance here, https://account.juno.com/account/acmg/ccpaRequestForm.do
Calling us toll free at, 877-638-9376
Writing to us via Postal Mail at, United Online, Inc.,
Attn: Privacy Rights - 21255 Burbank Boulevard, Suite 400, Woodland
Hills, CA 91367.
Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may
make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal
information. You may also make a verifiable consumer request on
behalf of your minor child.
You may only make a
verifiable consumer request for access or data portability twice
within a 12-month period. The verifiable consumer request must:
Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably
verify you are the person about whom we collected personal
information or an authorized representative.
Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us
to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal
information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make
the request and confirm the personal information relates to you.
Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create
an account with us. We will only use personal information
provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor's
identity or authority to make the request. For instructions on
exercising sale opt-out rights, see Personal Information Sales
Opt-Out Rights.
Response Timing and Format
We endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request within
forty-five (45) days of its receipt. If we require more time (up to
90 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in
writing.
If you have an account with us, we will deliver our written
response to the e-mail address associated with that account. If you
do not have an account with us, we will deliver our written response
by mail or electronically, at your option.
Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period
preceding the verifiable consumer request's receipt. The response we
provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a
request, if applicable. For data portability requests, we will
select a format to provide your personal information that is readily
useable and should allow you to transmit the information from one
entity to another entity without hindrance.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your
verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or
manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a
fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with
a cost estimate before completing your request.
Personal Information Sales Opt-Out Rights
If you are 16 years of age or older, you have the right to
direct us to not sell your personal information at any time (the
"right to opt-out"). We do not sell the personal information of
consumers we actually know are less than 16 years of age.
To exercise the right to opt-out, you (or your authorized
representative) may submit a request to us by visiting the following
Internet Web page link:
Click "Do Not Sell My Information" check box and "Save
Changes" on the Manage Account Info page, here: https://account.juno.com/account/acmg/getAccountInfo.do.
You do not need to create an account with us to exercise your
opt-out rights. We will only use personal information provided in an
opt-out request to review and comply with the request. If you are
unable to log into your account to exercise your opt out rights,
feel free to contact us by phone 877-638-9376.
Non-Discrimination
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA
rights. Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not:
Deny you goods or services.
Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services,
including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing
penalties.
Provide you a different level or quality of goods or
services.
Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for
goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or
services.
Other California Privacy Rights
California's "Shine the Light" law (Civil Code Section §
1798.83) permits users of our Website that are California residents
to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal
information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To
make such a request, please send an email to: privacy@support.juno.com.
Changes to Our Privacy Notice
We reserve the right to amend this privacy notice at our discretion
and at any time. When we make changes to this privacy notice, we will
post the updated notice on the Website and update the notice's
effective date. Your continued use of our Website following
the posting of changes constitutes your acceptance of such changes.
Contact Information
If you have any questions or comments about this notice, the
ways in which Juno collects and uses your information, your choices
and rights regarding such use, or wish to exercise your rights under
California law, please do not hesitate to contact us at:
Manage Your Information: https://account.juno.com/account/acmg/getAccountInfo.do
My Account Request Form: https://account.juno.com/account/acmg/ccpaRequestForm.do
Phone: 877-638-9376
Website: https://www.juno.com/start/landing.do?page=www/legal/privacy
Postal Address:
United Online, Inc.,
Attn: Privacy Rights
21255
Burbank Boulevard, Suite 400, Woodland Hills, CA 91367
Juno Home
|
My Juno
|
Help
|
My Account
|
Corporate
|
Join Now
About Juno
|
About United Online
|
Our Services
|
Investors
|
Press
|
Privacy Policy
|
Your Privacy Rights: Do Not Sell My Info
|
About Ads
|
Terms of Service
United Online
NetZero
|
Juno
|
MySite
© 1995-2020Juno Online Services, Inc. Juno
is a registered trademark, and the Juno logo is a trademark of Juno Online Services, Inc.