https://www.appliansys.com/cookie-policy
"ApplianSys understood our need from the word go. Demo and product introduction was good. Good interaction, response and knowledge of product."
Asif Kassam, Skyband, Malawi
"Everything is simple and easy to configure - we previously used Squid which was much more complicated than CACHEBOX"
Helenio Sartori, Network and Security Engineer, Repubblica e Cantone Ticino, Switzerland
"Our customers are very satisfied since we started using CACHEBOX."
Fixa Internet, Brazil
"We're seeing great bandwidth savings, especially on software updates, which has made a big difference to our overall internet performance!"
Obinna Ndubueze, Technical Director, Ocean Marine Security, Nigeria
"CACHEBOX truly saved us and helped us get the level of service we wanted. It's a fantastic device that makes a lot of sense for schools."
Jon Williams, Systems Administrator, Maine Regional School Unit 21, USA
Company
About Us
News
Management
Employment
Partners
Support
Privacy
Contact us
Legal
Cookie Policy
Our website uses cookies. Cookies are small text files stored on your computer when you visit a website and then sent back to the originating website on each subsequent visit.
Cookies can’t harm your device. We don’t store personally identifiable information such as credit card details in cookies we create, but we do use encrypted information gathered from them to help improve your experience of the site. The information collected by all cookies used on our website is anonymous and we cannot track your browsing activity on other websites.
There are two categories of cookies used on this website:
Performance cookies – these cookies collect information about how you use the website, for instance which pages you go to, and if you get any error messages. We use it to improve the website, for example to check what content is most popular or to test different designs.
Functionality cookies – these cookies allow the website to remember choices you make (such as the product you are interested in, language of your browser or the region you are in) and provide enhanced, more personal features. We use the cookies to keep track of how you have tailored your visit. This way we can determine relevant content to show you when you’re browsing our website making it easier for you to find the information you’re looking for.
By using our website, you agree that we can place these types of cookies on your device. If you do not wish for us to store the cookies, please disable them using your web browser settings. With cookies disabled, you will still be able to browse our website, however, you will not be able to use the personalisation features.
If you wish to disable cookies in your browser, we suggest consulting the Help section of your browser.
Tracking Consent
If you are visiting this site via a link in an email from ApplianSys, your visit will be logged for the purpose of monitoring and improving email content. ApplianSys cannot track your browsing activity on other websites.
For further information about the data collected by ApplianSys and how it is used, please refer to our Privacy Policy.
CACHEBOX users happy enough to KISUCACHEBOX the key SuccessFactorSweeter web access for HamiltonJefferson freed for independent learningDNSBOX takes Somerset Care of it
© 2001 - 2020 ApplianSys
Our website uses cookies so that you can navigate more easily and we can provide a better service. More infoOkay, thanks