http://www.cranel.com/privacy/
ABOUT
Who is Cranel?
Cranel Advantages
RESELLERS
Why Choose Cranel?
Become a Cranel Reseller
Cranel Credit Application
VENDORS
Why Choose Cranel?
Become a Cranel Vendor
Solutions Portfolio
Vendors Portfolio
SOLUTIONS
Cranel Vertical Markets
Solutions Portfolio
PRODUCTS
Cranel Hardware
Cranel Software
Cranel Service and Support
SERVICE AND SUPPORT
Third Party Services
NEWS
RESOURCES
Home
/
Privacy
Email: marketing@cranel.com
Phone: 800.288.3475
Cranel Online Store
At Cranel Inc. we respect your right to privacy and we understand that, as a visitor to cranel.com, you prefer to control your own personal information and preferences. For this reason, we may ask you to register or to provide personal information and preferences when you visit certain areas of cranel.com, download files, request information, or subscribe to the Cranel Channel Navigator Newsletter. We will guard the personal information you share with us to ensure the content, services, and advertising that we provide on cranel.com are always tailored to your current, designated preferences. When you provide Cranel Inc. with your name (or alias), e-mail address, mailing address, or telephone number, and you "opt-in," Cranel Inc. and Cranel Inc. representatives may use the provided information to alert you to product upgrades, special offers, updated information, classes, new services, and other Cranel Inc. related information. "Representatives" include Value Added Resellers and authorized training partners. Cranel Inc. does not offer or allow the selling of any user-provided information to third parties. Cranel Inc. respects the rights users give us when opting to receive e-mail communications and enforces internal policies to preserve those rights. It is our objective to retain the long-term ability to continue to communicate with our users. If you do not want Cranel Inc. or Cranel Inc. representatives to contact you, you may "opt-out" of this preference at any time, whether you are online or contacting Cranel Inc. directly. As part of your preference flexibility, you will always have the option to opt back in and have Cranel Inc. contact you based on your previous or new preferences. For instructions, please see the section "Contact Us," below. If you choose not to register or provide personal information, you can still visit cranel.com; however, you will not have access to areas that require personal identification. Cranel Inc. also may utilize visitor log files (cookies) with our web site. Once a user enters our site, a cookie follows them through their click stream path. Examples of information being collected by these cookies include the number of times a user came to our site(s), and the paths they took to get there. Cranel Inc. uses the data collected from web site visitor cookies in aggregate form only and does not collect any personally identifiable information. Use of this information helps us better understand what users are seeking and learning on our web site(s) and helps us identify potential navigation issues. How Cranel Inc. Will Protect Your Personal Information Cranel Inc. will always protect the personal information that you share with us. Cranel Inc. stores information internally in a controlled, secure environment. If Cranel Inc. requests general demographic information, this information is limited to reporting purposes only; members remain anonymous. Phone numbers, e-mail addresses, and postal addresses are never shared for demographic reports with outside entities. Cranel Inc. may occasionally present a special contest or promotion that is sponsored by another company. To qualify for entry, we may ask you to provide personal information. If we plan to share that information with the sponsor(s), we will provide an up-front statement to that effect. How To Update Your Personal Information And Preferences
You can help Cranel Inc. maintain the accuracy of your personal information by notifying us when you change your name, address, title, phone number, e-mail address, or your content preferences. If at any time you wish to update your information or preferences, or you prefer to stop receiving communication from Cranel Inc., feel free to contact us at any time. Cranel Inc. Privacy contacts include:
Cranel Inc. Privacy Contacts
Email: marketing@cranel.comPostal Mail: Cranel Inc. Attn: Marketing Communications Manager 8999 Gemini Parkway Columbus, OH 43240
Phone: 800.288.3475 If you change your e-mail or postal address, please contact Cranel Inc. In order to make the appropriate corrections, please include both your old and new address.