https://www.cnet.com/news/wwdc-privacy-high-sierra-safari-blocking/
Disney Plus reveals
Marvel's WandaVision trailer
The Game Awards 2020
SpaceX Starship explodes
Cyberpunk 2077
AirPods Max
Next stimulus check
Safari will automatically block those annoying autoplay videos
Apple is also giving users more control over how advertisers track them on the web.
Alfred Ng
June 5, 2017 10:40 a.m. PT
James Martin/CNET
This story is part of WWDC 2020. All the latest coverage from Apple's WWDC annual developers conference.
A lot of the annoying features that come with surfing the web are going to be blocked on the latest version of Apple's Safari browser, including autoplay videos.Craig Federighi, who runs software at Apple, unveiled some of the new features for Safari, which will be available with its new operating system, High Sierra. The news came at Apple's Worldwide Developers Conference on Monday.Federighi said a new feature called "intelligent tracking prevention" will stop websites from tracking your browsing data by using machine learning. That means your searches on Amazon won't pop up in ads on your Facebook page, or vice-versa."Now your browser history is your own," Federighi said.
Now playing:
Watch this:
Safari will block autoplay videos
1:39
Other Safari additions include automatic blocking videos that play on their own (yes, like the ones you see on CNET, possibly even in this story) and greater speed. This is a developing story. Follow our WWDC live blog for real-time coverage.WWDC 2017: All the news so far
WWDC 2020
See All
•
reading
Safari will automatically block those annoying autoplay videos
•
Dec 9
MacOS Big Sur compatibility: Find out if your laptop will work with the new OS
•
Nov 26
Why iOS 14's Picture in Picture feature will transform your iPhone experience
•
Nov 18
Download MacOS Big Sur now; here's how
•
Nov 2
WatchOS 7: All the new tricks your Apple Watch can do now
Close
Discuss: Safari will automatically block those annoying autoplay videos
Sign in to comment
Be respectful, keep it civil and stay on topic. We delete comments that violate our policy, which we encourage you to read. Discussion threads can be closed at any time at our discretion.