http://www.unanet.com/privacy-policy
PRIVACY POLICY
Last Updated: June 26, 2020
This privacy statement explains data collection and use practices of the Unanet website (the “site” or “website”) and Unanet products (collectively, the “Services”) in addition to your rights related to such practices. This Policy adheres to Privacy Shield principles. This Privacy Policy can change over time to meet changing business or legal requirements.
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices of Unanet. It notifies you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the website, how it is used, and with whom it may be shared.What data is collected and stored in our products when received from our customers, how that information is used, and with whom it may be shared.The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.How changes to this Privacy Policy are managed.What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.How to contact us regarding any questions or concerns.
If you are (a) visiting our website from outside the United States (US) or (b) using our products with personally identifiable information from data subjects outside the US (including in the European Economic Area), you acknowledge that our operations are primarily in the US and so any personally identifiable information you provide to us may be transferred to the US where data protection laws may not be as protective as those in other countries (including your country of residence). However, our collection, storage and use of personally identifiable information will at all times be in accordance with our privacy policy.  By using the website or our products, you consent to such transfer of personally identifiable information, and are representing that you have the right to transfer such information outside your country.  We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that such data is treated securely and in accordance with this policy.  We rely on our legitimate interest as indicated in this Privacy Policy. We further act to comply with applicable laws and regulations, such as to comply with a subpoena or other legal process, to meet national security or law enforcement requirements, and to allow the option to opt out in the future, if so desired.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing from Unanet.com
By accessing the site, you are consenting to the information collection and use practices described in this privacy statement. We track the Internet address of the domains from which people visit us and analyze this data for trends and statistics, but the individual user information remains anonymous. There are times when we may ask to collect personal information from you. You will have the option not to provide the information. If you choose not to provide the information we request, you can still visit most of the site, but you may be unable to access certain options, offers, and services.
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to any third party.
Unanet uses forms for visitors to request information, products, and services. Depending on the product, service or information visitors request, visitors’ contact information (e.g. e-mail addresses or telephone numbers) may be collected. We have a legitimate interest in using such contact information from these forms to send information about Unanet to visitors. You may opt out of future marketing communications by clicking “Unsubscribe” on those emails. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request or otherwise specified in this privacy policy.
We use “cookies” on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor’s hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site.
First-party cookies: First-party cookies are those cookies set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g. cookies placed by this website).Third-party cookies: Third-party cookies are those cookies that are set by a domain other than that of the website being visited by the user. If a user visits a website and another entity sets a cookie through that website, that cookie would be a third-party cookie.Session cookies: These cookies allow website operators to link the actions of a user during a browser session. A browser session starts when a user opens the browser window and finishes when the user closes the browser window. Session cookies are created temporarily. Once a user closes a browser, all session cookies are deleted.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about offers, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing from purchase of our Products – Personally Identifiable Information
Unanet complies with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Union to the United States.  Unanet has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles. This Privacy Shield certification is for information collected through www.unanet.com and related Unanet websites or sponsored sales and marketing activities, and does not cover information collected through clearviewsoftware.net, support.clearviewsoftware.net or related Clearview product websites or to information collected during Clearview sponsored sales and marketing activities. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern.  To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification, please visit https://www.privacyshield.gov/ In order to process the purchases of licenses for copies of our software, certain information is necessarily collected by Unanet. We retain records of licensed users of our software, and these records may contain any or all of the following information: names, addresses, phone numbers, or other relative identifying information (hereinafter “PII”). We do not sell or share this information with other parties. If a customer places a request for customer service, the information that may be collected is: e-mail address, name, phone number, correspondence records, and technical information such as system hardware, operating system, and the version of Unanet being used. This information is voluntarily given by the customer, and is used by Unanet only for the purpose of assisting the customer. Information collected by our customer support department is not sold to other parties. If we are acquired by or merged with a third party entity we reserve the right to transfer your Personal Information as part of such merger, acquisition, sale, or other change of control.
Unanet commits to cooperate with EU data protection authorities (DPAs) and comply with the advice given by such authorities with regard to human resources data transferred from the EU in the context of the employment relationship.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing from use of our Products – Customer Data
In the normal course of using the product, Customers may submit information or material into the Unanet software (“Customer Data”), which may include personally identifiable information from the Customer. Unanet may access Customer Data for the purposes of providing the Service, preventing or addressing service or technical problems, responding to support issues, and responding to Customer’s instructions, for Unanet’s internal marketing purposes as described in the next paragraph, or as may be required by law, in accordance with the relevant agreement between Customer and Unanet.
Unanet monitors certain uses of the software to enable us to market and provide optimal products and services to you. Specifically, we use this information a) to study, expand, and optimize the use, capabilities and overall performance of Unanet’s products and services, b) for campaign measurement, analytics, and metrics for our internal analysis, c) to manage the security of our sites, and to comply with applicable laws and regulations.
Unanet has no direct control or ownership of the personally identifiable information it processes. Customers are responsible for the accuracy, quality, integrity, legality, reliability, appropriateness, and compliance with any regulations or laws associated with that data.
Unanet retains Customer Data according to the timeframes set forth in the relevant agreement with its Customers. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request or for compliance with any regulations or laws.
Unanet does not share the personal information collected through the site except in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Unanet may share personal information with consultants or other service providers who need access to such information in order to provide services to Unanet, including providing customer support or processing payments. All such third parties are authorized to use your personal information only to provide these services to you and Unanet. Some of these third parties, such as Stripe, may require you to agree to their end user agreement before accessing such services.
Unanet may share personal information as follows:
When you give Unanet consent to share your personal information, including if Unanet notifies you that the information you provide will be shared in a particular manner and you share such information;If required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to confirm to the law or comply with legal process or otherwise protect or defend the rights or property of Unanet;In connection with any merger, sale of company assets, financing or acquisition, or in any other situation where personal information may be disclosed or transferred as one of the business assets of Unanet.
Unanet may also share information about you in aggregated or anonymized form that does not directly identify you.
Payment Processing
By using the Services and using the payment processing services provided through third parties as made available through the Services, which may include Stripe payment platform services and Plaid payment services, you expressly authorize Unanet and provide consent for Unanet to transfer your account data to its third party payment processing services, as identified in the Unanet Services, and authorize such third parties to perform the payment processing services in accordance with their privacy policies and end user agreements, as well this Privacy Policy and your Services agreement with Unanet.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline. Information that is collected via the website is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a lock icon in the address bar and looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the Web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Unfortunately, no system can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Consequently, while we use commercially reasonable efforts to protect your Customer Data, we cannot completely guarantee the security of our servers, the means by which information is transmitted between your computer and our servers, or any information provided to us or to any third party. Any information that you provide to us is done so with an understanding of such risks.
Unanet’s website contains links to external sites. Unanet’s services include links to third party payment processing services. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content, security, or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change or update this Privacy Policy at any time. Changes to the Privacy Policy will be posted on this website and links to the Privacy Policy will indicate the date that the policy has been changed or updated. We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Policy for any changes. Changes or updates are effective upon posting.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address, mailing address, or phone number provided below:
Change/correct any data we have about you.Opt-out of marketing uses of your data.
How to Contact Us
Unanet welcomes your comments regarding this privacy statement. If you believe that Unanet has not adhered to this privacy statement, or to gain access to and control over information, please contact us by e-mail at support@unanet.com, and we will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem. Under certain conditions, you may be eligible to invoke binding arbitration. Unanet is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission (FTC).
Unanet’s corporate headquarters are located at:
22970 Indian Creek Drive
Suite 200
Dulles, VA 20166
Tel: 703-689-9440
Fax: 703-439-2460