http://www.pixilate.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Pixilate
Home
Fonts
handwriting
display
comic
freebie
Blog
Help
Pixilate End User License Agreement
Installing fonts
About
Contact
It is Pixilate’s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our website. This Privacy Policy applies to www.pixilate.com (hereinafter, “us”, “we”, or “www.pixilate.com”). We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting personally identifiable information you may provide us through the Website. We have adopted this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) to explain what information may be collected on our Website, how we use this information, and under what circumstances we may disclose the information to third parties. This Privacy Policy applies only to information we collect through the Website and does not apply to our collection of information from other sources.
This Privacy Policy, together with the Terms and conditions posted on our Website, set forth the general rules and policies governing your use of our Website. Depending on your activities when visiting our Website, you may be required to agree to additional terms and conditions.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Pixilate collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Pixilate’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Pixilate’s visitors use its website. From time to time, Pixilate may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Pixilate also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on http://www.pixilate.com blog posts. Pixilate only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Pixilate’s websites choose to interact with Pixilate in ways that require Pixilate to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Pixilate gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up for our newsletter to provide a name and email address.
Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links To External Sites
Our Service may contain links to external sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy and terms and conditions of every site you visit.
We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites, products or services.
Aggregated Statistics
Pixilate may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its website. Pixilate may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Pixilate does not disclose your personally-identifying information.
Cookies
To enrich and perfect your online experience, Pixilate uses “Cookies”, similar technologies and services provided by others to display personalized content, appropriate advertising and store your preferences on your computer.
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Pixilate uses cookies to help Pixilate identify and track visitors, their usage of pixilate.com, and their website access preferences. Pixilate visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Pixilate’s websites, with the drawback that certain features of Pixilate’s websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
By continuing to navigate our website without changing your cookie settings, you hereby acknowledge and agree to Pixilate’s use of cookies.
E-commerce
Those who engage in transactions with Pixilate – by purchasing Pixilate’s services or products, are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, Pixilate collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with Pixilate. Pixilate does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Pixilate may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Pixilate’s sole discretion. Pixilate encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
How to contact us
If you have any questions about Our Company’s privacy policy, the data we hold on you, or you would like to exercise one of your data protection rights, please do not hesitate to contact us.
©2019 Kemie Guaida. All rights reserved
This site uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. OK Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.