http://www.onixnet.com/privacy-policy
Geospatial
Maps & Location-Based Services
Maps API Implementation
Collaboration
Google Workspace Packages
Google Workspace
Slack
Chrome Enterprise
Opprove
Equidox
Managed Services
Cloud Managed Services
Cloud Solutions
Cloud Strategy & Migration
AWS DevOps
Migrating Microsoft Workloads to AWS
Onspend
Application Modernization
Custom App Development
Cloud Containerization
Data & Analytics
Enterprise Search
Amazon Kendra
FusionReady
Resources
Blog
Case Studies
Events
About Onix
Our Story
Onix Outreach
Our Partners
Customers
Health & Life Sciences
Government Contracts
News
Careers
Contact Us
X
Privacy Policy
Onix respects your privacy and is committed to maintaining the confidentiality of the data we collect from you. We understand your desire for privacy and we want you to understand how we intend to handle Personal Information which you may provide to us through the Internet. “Personal Information” means contact information such as your name, address, email address or telephone number that is used to personally identify an individual. This Privacy Policy describes the ways in which we may collect Personal Information from you, and what we do with the information.
In general, you can visit the Onix website (http://www.onixnet.com/) without giving us any Personal Information. However, there are circumstances when we may request Personal Information from you, such as when subscribing to e-newsletters, accessing downloadable content, participating in forums and contests or adding comments to blogs. We always try to notify you before we collect Personal Information through the Internet. You may also provide your Personal Information to us by email or other written correspondence, telephone calls or other means. Our website offers publicly accessible blogs or community forums; you should be aware that any Personal Information you provide in these areas may be read, collected and used by others who access them. Onix is not responsible for the information you choose to submit in these forums, or for the use of such information by any third party.
We may gather information through the use of cookies. This allows the site to communicate with your computer during the visit. We may also track the number of times you visit the site, and which parts of the site you visit. If you arrive at our website by clicking an advertisement or a link in an email or other source, we may capture information that tracks your visit from that source.
We will not intentionally collect or maintain, and do not want you to provide any information regarding your medical or health conditions, race or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, or other sensitive information.
If you choose to provide Personal Information through the Internet, we want you to know how we may use such information. We may use the Personal Information to provide you with relevant Onix or third party product information on Onixnet.com as well as other websites you may visit, to allow you to purchase products, to market products to you, to process your requests, to personalize your visit to our website, or to communicate with you for other purposes.
Onix may use and disclose information disclosed to us or collected through our website to the extent required by any law, subpoena, legal process, or governmental authority, or if in Onix’s reasonable discretion use or disclosure is necessary to enforce our legal rights, to protect the rights and safety of others, or to investigate fraud or undesirable conduct.
We intend to protect Personal Information that you provide to us. We want to maintain only information that is relevant, accurate and complete. Upon written request sent to marketing@onixnet.com, we will allow you to review, update and/or remove from our databases Personal Information that you provided to us. In your request, please include your name and email address.
From our website you can visit other websites by following hyperlinks to external sites. While we strive to provide only quality links to useful and ethical websites, we have no control over the content and nature of these sites. These links to other websites do not imply a recommendation about all the content found on these sites. Site owners and content may change without notice, and may occur before we have the opportunity to remove or correct a link which is no longer accurate.
Please also be aware that when you leave our website, you may visit other sites that may have different privacy policies and terms which are outside of our control. Please be sure to check the Privacy Policies of these sites as well as their “Terms of Service” before engaging in any business or uploading any information to them.
Additionally, any photos, videos or comments you upload to the site may be shared in our social media network, including but not limited to Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and other sites.
California Residents
The information below supplements the Privacy Policy above, and applies only to residents of the state of California. As a California resident, you have certain rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) related to your personal information.
Right of Access
Under the CCPA, you have the right to request access to the personal information Onix has collected about you. This request is free and can be made up to twice per calendar year. Within 45 days of receiving your request, we will provide you the information we have collected about you, including the following:
The categories of personal information we have collected about you
The categories of sources of the personal information we have collected about you
The business purpose for collecting personal information about you
The categories of third-parties with whom we have shared the personal information we have collected about youWe will acknowledge receipt of your request within 10 days of receiving it. We will provide the requested information to you as either an electronic or physical copy based on your request, and in a portable and easily accessible format. If we require more than 45 days to fulfill your request, we will provide you with written notice before the original 45 days have passed that will outline our expected timeline for fulfilling your request.
Information We Collect
Category of Data
Examples
Does Onix Collect?
Identifiers
A real name, Internet Protocol address, email address, or other similar identifiers, and telephone numbers.
Yes
Geolocation Data
Physical location, generally.
Yes
Other
Any information that you share with us from time-to-time.
Yes
Sources of the Information We Collect
In addition to the sources of information we collect from as described above, we also collect information from the following sources:
Marketing partners;
Publicly available information;
Social media information of any account(s) you use to interact with us, and to the extent that your social media account(s) allows access to certain information.
The information we collect from your social media account(s) depends on your privacy and sharing settings on the given account, as well as the privacy and security policies of the social media platform; and
Information provided by you to us.
Information Sharing for Business Purposes
Pursuant to the CCPA, Onix shares some of the personal information we have collected with third-parties for specific business purposes related to our operations. This sharing is in order to facilitate help from third-parties with our business operations, with the provision of our services to you, with marketing or advertising, or in delivering features or functionality. The providers we share with include, but may not be limited to, marketing partners, data storage providers, companies that deliver materials to you via email, other electronic communications platforms, or the postal service. We may share with these companies email addresses, IP addresses, advertising identifiers, or limited location data.
Selling Your Personal Information
Onix does not sell the personal information of consumers or visitors to its site, and has not done so in the preceding 12 months. In the event Onix does sell your personal information, you have the right to request the following information from us:
The categories of personal information about you that we have sold
The categories of any third parties to whom we have sold your personal information
A list of the categories of personal information we have sold about you to each third party
Right to Request Deletion
Under the CCPA, you have the right to request that Onix delete the personal information we have about you. However, this right does not apply to personal information that we need in order to do any of the following:
Provide goods or services to you
Detect or resolve security or functionality issues
Comply with applicable law
Conduct research in the public interest
Safeguard the right to free speech
Carry out any actions for internal business purposes that you might reasonably expect
If we refuse to delete any part of your personal information after you have requested that we do so, we will provide you with a written response that identifies our justification for that refusal.
Non-Discrimination
Onix will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your rights under the CCPA. Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not:
Deny you goods or services;
Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties;
Provide you a different or quality of goods or services; or
Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
Requesting Access and Deletion
To exercise your access, data portability, and/or deletion rights described above, you must submit a verifiable request to us by either:
Calling us at 1-800-664-9638
Emailing us at privacy@onixnet.com
By law, only you, or a person registered with the California Secretary of State that you authorize to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable request related to your personal information. You may also make a verifiable request on behalf of your minor child. The verifiable request must:
Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information, or an authorized representative;
Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot reasonably verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm that the personal information is yours, or is that of an individual or individuals that you are authorized to represent. If we are unable to verify the identity of a consumer requesting specific pieces of information, we will treat the request as a request for disclosure of the categories of information collected about the consumer. If we are unable to verify the identity of a consumer requesting deletion of specific pieces of information, we will treat the request as an opt-out of the sale of that consumer’s information, if and to the extent Onix sells consumer informatio.
Consent
By visiting Onix websites or otherwise providing your Personal Information to Onix by any other means, you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this Privacy Statement.
Update
This site disclaimer was last updated on January 1, 2020.Should we update, amend or make any changes to this policy, those changes will be posted here prominently.
18519 Detroit Avenue Lakewood, Ohio 44107
US Toll Free: 800.664.9638 Phone: 216.529.3000 Canada Phone: 613.302.5595 Fax: 216.529.3020 Email: marketing@onixnet.com
SOLUTIONS
CLOUD INFRASTRUCTURE
WORKPLACE CLOUD COLLABORATION
ENTERPRISE SEARCH
MAPS & LOCATION-BASED SERVICES
CUSTOM APP DEVELOPMENT
PRODUCTS BY ONIX
SUPPORT
ABOUT ONIX
OUR STORY
ONIX OUTREACH
PARTNERS
Customers
Health & Life Science
Government Contracts
NEWS
CAREERS
CONTACT US
RESOURCES
BLOG
CASE STUDIES
EVENTS
CONNECT WITH US
Copyright © 2020 Onix. All Rights Reserved.
Privacy Policy