http://www.gmgcolor.com/legal-notice/
Products
Know How
Solutions
Support
Company
Products
Know How
Solutions
Support
Company
:
Legal Notice
A. Provider identification
Provider according to § 5 TMG   GMG GmbH & Co. KG Mömpelgarder Weg 10 72072 Tübingen (Germany) Phone: + 49 (0) 7071 93874-0 Business Fax: + 49 (0) 7471 5010 190 E-mail: info@gmgcolor.com Managing director: Jörg Weihing, Robert Weihing Register: Amtsgericht Stuttgart Reg. No.: HRB 381463 Registered office of the company: Tübingen VAT identification number according to § 27a UStG: de DE 230 302 334
B. Responsible for content
Responsible for content according to § 55 para. 2 RStV: Robert Weihing Copyright (c) 2020 GMG GmbH & Co. KG All rights reserved.
C. Information on property-casualty insurance
Name and domicile of the insurance company: Zurich Insurance plc NfD, 53287 Bonn
D. Scope of insurance
Insurance cover is provided for the provision of services within the scope of the activity as a software provider German and European law based in Germany. The insurance cover does not apply to liability claims which are asserted before foreign courts-this also applies in the case of a domestic enforcement judgment (§ 722 ZPO)-; Infringement or non-compliance with European law; Activities carried out outside the European Union.
E. Data protection supervisory authority
Competent Authority: The National Commissioner for Data protection And freedom of Information Baden-Württemberg P.O. Box 102932 70025 Stuttgart (Germany) Phone: + 49 711 61554 10 Business Fax: + 49 711 61554 115 E-mail: Poststelle@lfdi.bwl.de Web: Https://www.baden-wuerttemberg.datenschutz.de
F. Consumer dispute resolution
GMG GmbH & Co. KG is neither obligated nor willing to participate in dispute resolution proceedings before conciliation bodies.
G. Alternative dispute resolution
The European Commission provides a platform for out-of-court online Dispute resolution (OS platform), accessible from: https://ec.europa.eu/odr
H. Terms
The use of these GMG GmbH & Co. KG Web pages offered ("GMG GmbH & Co. KG -Web Sites ") is permitted only under the following conditions. These "general terms of use" may be supplemented, modified or replaced in individual cases by further conditions, e.g. for the purchase of products and/or services. With log-in, or, if a separate log-in is not required, by recording the usage, the validity of these Terms of use will be accepted in their respective versions.
I. Privacy policy
If there is a possibility to enter personal or business data (e-mail addresses, names and addresses) within the Internet offer, the disclosure of this data by the user is on an explicitly voluntary basis. The use and payment of all offered services is – as far as technically possible and reasonable – permitted even without providing such data or by providing anonymous data or a pseudonym. The use of contact data published in the context of the imprint or comparable information such as postal addresses, telephone and fax numbers as well as email adresses by third parties for the transmission of information not expressly requested is not permitted. Legal action against the sender of so-called spam mails in case of violations of this prohibition is expressly reserved. For further information on data protection, please refer to our Privacy policy. This is the best part of these terms of use. You can read the privacy policy at the following link: www.gmgcolor.com/disclaimer
J. Registration, password
Some pages of the GMG GmbH & Co. KG Website can be password protected. Access to these pages is only possible for registered users. For registration by GMG GmbH & Co. KG There is no claim. GMG GmbH & Co. KG is entitled at any time to revoke the access authorization by blocking the access data without the need for the indication of reasons, especially if the user has made false information during registration, against these terms of use or against his has breached due diligence in dealing with the access data, against applicable law in accessing or using the GMG GmbH & Co. KG Website or the GMG GmbH & Co. KG Website has not been used for a long period of time. If a registration is provided, the user is obligated to provide truthful information for the registration and to make any subsequent changes GMG GmbH & Co. KG Immediately (where foreseen: online).
K. Obligations of the user
The user is free to use the GMG GmbH & Co. KG -Website is prohibited from inflicting harm on persons, in particular minors, or violating their personal rights; To violate good manners with its use behaviour; violate industrial and intellectual property rights or any other proprietary right; Transmit content with viruses, so-called Trojan horses or any other programming that may damage software; To enter, store or send hyperlinks or content to which he is not authorized, in particular if such hyperlinks or contents are in breach of confidentiality obligations or are unlawful; or to disseminate advertising or unsolicited e-mails (so-called "spam") or false warnings about viruses, malfunctions and the like, or to participate in sweepstakes, Snowball systems, chain-letter, pyramid-play and similar actions Prompt. GMG GmbH & Co. KG May allow access to the GMG GmbH & Co. KG -Block the website at any time, especially if the user violates his obligations under these conditions.
L. Choice
German law applies. In the case of consumers, this choice of law only applies insofar as this does not deprive the protection afforded by mandatory provisions of the law of the State of habitual residence of the consumer (principle of favorability) The provisions of the UN sales law are expressly not applicable.
M. Disclaimer
The free and freely accessible content of these websites has been created with the greatest possible care. However, we expressly point out that we do not assume any responsibility or liability for the accuracy, topicality or completeness of the information provided on this website. We reserve the right to change the information on our websites without prior notice. The GMG GmbH & Co. KG is entitled at any time to operate the GMG GmbH & Co. KG Websites in whole or in part. Due to the nature of the Internet and computer systems, the GMG GmbH & Co. KG No guarantee for the uninterrupted availability of the GMG GmbH & Co. KG Web sites. Furthermore, the invocation of this free and freely accessible content does not result in any contractual relationship between us and you as the user of the website due to the lack of a corresponding legal obligation on our part.
N. Links and preferences
The sites may contain links to external sites. Since these websites are not subject to our influence, we cannot assume any responsibility for their content and privacy policy. In the case of direct or indirect references to external websites ("hyperlinks") which are outside the area of responsibility of us as providers, a liability obligation would only enter into force in the event in which we had knowledge of the contents and we Would have been technically possible and reasonable to prevent the use in the case of illegal content. The GMG GmbH & Co. KG Hereby expressly declares that at the time the link was set, no illegal content was recognizable on the pages to be linked. We as a provider have no influence on the current and future design, content or authorship of the linked/linked pages. Therefore, we hereby dissociate ourselves explicitly from all contents of all linked/linked pages that have been changed after the link has been set. This statement applies to all links and references set within the own Internet offer as well as to third-party entries in guest books, discussion forums, link directories, mailing lists and in all other forms of databases, which are set up by us Content external Write access is possible. For illegal, erroneous or incomplete contents and in particular for damages arising from the use or non-use of such information presented, the provider of the respective page, to which reference was made, is liable in principle, not the one Which only refers to the respective publication via links. In no case can the GMG GmbH & Co. KG be held liable for any damages of any kind arising from the use or in connection with the use of the information provided herein, whether direct or indirect damage or consequential damages including lost or damage resulting from the loss of data.
O. Copyright and labelling law
The contents of these websites, including the design, are protected by copyright. They may not be used in part or in full without the prior written consent of the GMG GmbH & Co. KG be reproduced, disseminated, reproduced or processed in any thankful way, unless expressly stated in individual cases. This also applies explicitly to third-party content. The copyright for published, GMG GmbH & Co. KG Self-created objects remain solely with the author of the pages. Any duplication or use of such graphics, sound documents, video sequences and texts in other electronic or printed publications is without the express consent of the GMG GmbH & Co. KG not permitted. As far as the content on this site has not been created by the operator, the copyrights of third parties are respected. In particular, contents of third parties are marked as such. Should you nevertheless become aware of a copyright infringement, we ask for a notice. If we become aware of violations, we will remove such content immediately.
P. Brand and trade marks
The trademarks and trademarks mentioned within these websites are subject without limitation to the provisions of the respective valid labelling right and, where appropriate, the ownership rights of the relevant owners.
Q. Legal validity of liability exclusion
This disclaimer is to be regarded as part of the Internet offer from which reference was made to this page. If parts or individual formulations of this text do not, no longer or not completely correspond to the current legal situation, the remaining parts of the document remain unaffected in their content and validit