http://www.gonewest.com/policies/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Privacy policy
Gone West Global Ltd Privacy Policy
This privacy policy will explain how our organization uses the personal data we collect from you when you use our website.
Topics:
What data do we collect?
How do we collect your data?
How will we use your data?
How do we store your data? Marketing
What are your data protection rights? What are cookies?
How do we use cookies?
What types of cookies do we use? How to manage your cookies
Privacy policies of other websites Changes to our privacy policy
How to contact us
How to contact the appropriate authorities
What data do we collect?
Our Company collects the following data:
Personal identification information (Name, email address, phone number, etc.)
How do we collect your data?
You directly provide Our Company with most of the data we collect. We collect data and process data when you:
Register online or place an order for any of our products or services.
Voluntarily complete a customer survey or provide feedback on any of our message boards or via email.
Use or view our website via your browser’s cookies.
How will we use your data?
Our Company collects your data so that we can:
Process your order, manage your account.
Email you with special offers on other products and services we think you might like.
Gone West Global Ltd will not share your data with other companies.
When Our Company processes your order, it may send your data to, and also use the resulting information from, credit reference agencies to prevent fraudulent purchases.
How do we store your data?
We will retain your personal data for as long as you maintain an account or as otherwise necessary to fulfil our contractual relationship with you.
We will also retain your personal data as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our agreements. Where we no longer need to process your personal data for the purposes set out in this notice, we will delete your personal data from our systems. Where permissible, we will also delete your personal data upon your request; information on how to make a deletion request can be found in the section “Your rights and withdrawal of permission” below.
The storage period of personal data processed using social media pixels is determined by the relevant social media platforms which are listed in our Cookie Notice.
The storage period of personal data processed using cookies is determined by your engagement with our website. If you have not visited our website for at least 2 years we will remove the historic record of your interaction data.
The storage period of personal data processed by our service providers and other third parties (see below) who are independent controllers is determined by their respective privacy notices.
Marketing
Our Company would like to send you information about products and services of ours that we think you might like, as well as those of our partner companies.
Our partner companies are the projects which we support and our Green Affiliate partnerships. From time-to-time we may inform you of projects and purchase options which we feel may be relevant to you.
If you have agreed to receive marketing, you may always opt out at a later date.
You have the right at any time to stop Our Company from contacting you for marketing purposes or giving your data to other members of the Our Company Group.
If you no longer wish to be contacted for marketing purposes, please click here.
What are your data protection rights?
Our Company would like to make sure you are fully aware of all of your data protection rights. Every user is entitled to the following:
The right to access - You have the right to request Our Company for copies of your personal data. We may charge you a small fee for this service.
The right to rectification - You have the right to request that Our Company correct any information you believe is inaccurate. You also have the right to request Our Company to complete information you believe is incomplete.
The right to erasure — You have the right to request that Our Company erase your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to restrict processing - You have the right to request that Our Company restrict the processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to object to processing - You have the right to object to Our Company’s processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to data portability - You have the right to request that Our Company transfer the data that we have collected to another organization, or directly to you, under certain conditions.
If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us at our email: info@gonewest.com
Or write to us: 111 South Road, Waterloo, Liverpool, L22 0LT
What are cookies?
Cookies are text files placed on your computer to collect standard Internet log information and visitor behavior information. When you visit our websites, we may collect information from you automatically through cookies or similar technology.
For further information, visit allaboutcookies.org.
How do we use cookies?
Our Company uses cookies in a range of ways to improve your experience on our website, including:
Keeping you signed in
Understanding how you use our website
What types of cookies do we use?
There are a number of different types of cookies, however, our website uses:
Functionality - Our Company uses these cookies so that we recognize you on our website and remember your previously selected preferences. These could include what language you prefer and location you are in. A mix of first-party and third-party cookies are used.
Advertising — Our Company uses these cookies to collect information about your visit to our website, the content you viewed, the links you followed and information about your browser, device, and your IP address. Our Company sometimes shares some limited aspects of this data with third parties for advertising purposes. We may also share online data collected through cookies with our advertising partners. This means that when you visit another website, you may be shown advertising based on your browsing patterns on our website.
How to manage cookies
You can set your browser not to accept cookies, and the above website tells you how to remove cookies from your browser. However, in a few cases, some of our website features may not function as a result.
Privacy policies of other websites
The Our Company website contains links to other websites. Our privacy policy applies only to our website, so if you click on a link to another website, you should read their privacy policy.
Changes to our privacy policy
Our Company keeps its privacy policy under regular review and places any updates on this web page. This privacy policy was last updated on 9 January 2019.
How to contact us
If you have any questions about Our Company’s privacy policy, the data we hold on you, or you would like to exercise one of your data protection rights, please do not hesitate to contact us.
Email us at: info@gonewest.com
Or write to us at: 111 South Road, Waterloo, Liverpool, L22 0LT
How to contact the appropriate authority
Should you wish to report a complaint or if you feel that Our Company has not addressed your concern in a satisfactory manner, you may contact the Information Commissioner’s Office.
Email: info@gonewest.com
Address: 111 South Road, Waterloo, Liverpool, L22 0LT
Close Cart
Shopping Cart
Your cart is currently empty.
Enable cookies to use the shopping cart
t:
e
Item Quantity
Remove
Special instructions for seller
Subtotal
£0.00
You're saving
£0.00
Tax included and shipping calculated at checkout
Checkout
English
Afrikaans Albanian Amharic Arabic Armenian Azerbaijani Basque Belarusian Bengali Bosnian Bulgarian Catalan Cebuano Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Corsican Croatian Czech Danish Dutch English Esperanto Estonian Filipino Finnish French Frisian Galician Georgian German Greek Gujarati Haitian Creole Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hindi Hmong Hungarian Icelandic Igbo Indonesian Irish Italian Japanese Javanese Kannada Kazakh Khmer Korean Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kyrgyz Lao Latin Latvian Lithuanian Luxembourgish Macedonian Malagasy Malay Malayalam Maltese Maori Marathi Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nepali Norwegian Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese Punjabi Romanian Russian Samoan Scottish Gaelic Serbian Sesotho Shona Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sudanese Swahili Swedish Tajik Tamil Telugu Thai Turkish Ukrainian Urdu Uzbek Vietnamese Welsh Xhosa Yiddish Yoruba Zulu