https://www.eurosoft-uk.com/terms-conditions/
Home
Testing Needs
Computer Manufacturing
Computer Refurbishment
Computer Services
Computer Support
Computer Specialist
Products
Pc-Check® UEFI Diagnostic Software
Pc-Check® Windows®
Pc-Check®
ZeroData™ Windows®
ZeroData Windows – Erasure Standards
Test Accessories
PC Builder™
PC Builder Manufacturing
PC Builder Refurbishment
Shop
Shop £ – GBP
Shop € – Euro
Shop $ – USD
Support
FAQs
Support Ticket
Diagnostic Product Registration
Resources
Guide To UEFI Hardware Diagnostics
Guide to Hard Drive Data Wiping
12N QR Codes
News
Blog it
News
Product Announcements
About Us
About Us
Testimonials
Employment
Terms and Conditions
Contact
Contact Us
Eursoft Newsletter
Eurosoft Offices
Representatives
You are here: Home / Terms and ConditionsEurosoft (UK) Ltd Sales Terms and Conditions
Products or services ordered through Eurosoft (UK) Ltd. and its subsidiaries.
The Products that you order through this website are subject to the terms and conditions of the end-user license agreement or other use agreements accompanying such Products (the “End-User License”) All of your rights and remedies with respect to your order, purchase, possession, and use of the Products are governed by the End-User License. All maintenance, update, warranty, liability, and any other obligations related to the Products (“Product Obligations”), if any, shall be as provided for in the End-User License. All recourse and remedy, if any, for the Product Obligations shall be in accordance with the End-User License, or, if applicable, its policies and procedures. Eurosoft reserves the right to make adjustments in its discretion to any price, product or offer due to market conditions, product discontinuations, manufacturer price changes, errors in advertisements, product descriptions or any other circumstance. Eurosoft reserves the right to limit quantities on any items. Eurosoft endeavors to include the most accurate information possible on this website, but Eurosoft will not be liable for any errors, typographical or photographic or otherwise, for product information, pricing or other content, that may appear on this web site.
Order acceptance policy
Your receipt of an electronic or other form of order confirmation does not signify Eurosoft’s acceptance of your order, nor does it constitute our offer to sell. Eurosoft reserves the right at any time after receipt of your order to accept, decline, or limit your order for any reason, whether or not your credit card has been charged. If your credit card has been charged and your order is canceled you will receive a prompt refund credit to your account. Eurosoft reserves the right at any time after receipt of your order, without prior notice to you, to lessen the quantity of any item you order. We may require additional verifications or information before accepting any order. Price and availability of Products offered on this website are subject to change without prior notice. You will be notified of any lack of availability of Products or other products and services you may order through this website.
Delivery Policy
Orders usually ship within 48 hours of receipt (Unless received on a Friday or over the weekend). Occasionally a high volume of requests or stock shortage may delay delivery.
Delivery services are subject to payment clearance, delivery location, products currently in stock, system failures and any office closure periods
While all reasonable efforts will be made to provide this service, Eurosoft (UK) Ltd. and its subsidiaries will not be liable for any damages including, but not limited to, consequential damage and damages for loss or interruption of business, in the event that any item ordered via this service takes longer to arrive than anticipated.
14 Day Return guarantee.
If for any reason you are unhappy with software purchased from Eurosoft (UK) Ltd. or Eurosoft (US) Inc. you can return it to us in its original condition within 14 days of the date you received it, unopened (with any seals and shrink wrap intact) and we will issue a full refund for the price you paid for the software.
We will not process any software returned to us if it has been opened. We reserve the right to refuse returns or to charge you our fees and expenses if the product is received otherwise than in accordance with these requirements.
Note: Eurosoft (UK) Ltd. and its subsidiaries cannot accept returns of software purchased from third-party sellers. Instead, contact your seller to let them know you would like to return the software to them.
We will notify you via e-mail when we have processed your return-this may take up to three weeks.
For your protection we recommend that you use a recorded-delivery service if the value of the return is more than £50.
In the case of a dispute, for online purchase made by consumers please visit the Online Dispute Resolution web site http://ec.europa.eu/odr Or for direct Purchase please contact The Retail Ombudsman www.theretailombudsman.org.uk.
Safe shopping guarantee
The purchase area of this web site is designed to be secure. This means that any information you send us is protected by encryption. It is easy to tell when you are protected by encryption — the lock or key at the bottom of your browser changes color or is no longer broken. This varies depending on your browser. Beyond.com has taken measures designed to make shopping with us safe. That said, if you experience fraudulent use of your credit card as a result of shopping on this website, notify your credit card company in accordance with its reporting rules and procedures.
USB Program Device Replacement Policy
Warranty Period of 1 year from date of original license purchase:
If the USB Program Device fails during the warranty period and is returned to either Eurosoft office, it will be replaced free of charge.
If the USB Program Device Fails during the warranty period due to misuse by the customer (accidental damage to the connector or similar) and returned to Eurosoft, a replacement fee of 50% of the full software package price will be charged.
After Warranty Period:
If the Support and Upgrade subscription is renewed for year 2 and onward, failed USB Program Devices (accidental damage, or wear and tear), return to Eurosoft, a replacement fee of 50% of the  full software package price will be charged.
All expired Support and Upgrade subscriptions USB Program Device are replaceable at full list price.
If, for whatever reason, you are supplied with a USB Program Device that is not part of an active Support and Upgrade subscription, new license purchase, or purchase of a replacement device, there is a warranty period of 90 days. If the USB Program Device fails from defect within 90 days of postage to the user, and is returned to either Eurosoft office, it will be replaced free of charge (this does not include accidental damage or wear and tear).
Lost USB Program Device
Should the Eurosoft Program Device be lost and the product support and upgrade subscription is current, a replacement device can be purchased. Please contact either Eurosoft office when the loss is discovered. All future upgrade releases will only function with the replacement USB Program Device. The number of replacement program devices that can be purchased is limited to 1 (one) per active licensed software program. If the USB Program Device is lost for a second time, then the cost of replacement is the full list price of the program. In the case of the support and upgrade subscription lapsing, lost USB Program Devices can be replaced at full list price of the program.
Privacy policy
Eurosoft is committed to protecting your privacy. To make your shopping experience more convenient, we gather information from you. We maintain the privacy of your information using security technologies and adhere to policies that prevent unauthorized use of your personal information.
How does Eurosoft protect customer information?
When you place orders, we offer the use of a secure server that encrypts all your personal information it is sent to us to prevent unauthorized access to your information. We may also offer the option of placing a credit card order over the phone on this website. Further, we follow strict security procedures in storing and disclosing the information you give us to prevent unauthorized access, loss, misuse, alteration or destruction of such information. Because of the borderless, international nature of the Internet, the information you provided to Eurosoft will be transferred to Eurosoft’s servers located in the United Kingdom. However, regardless of where you live, Eurosoft is dedicated to protecting your privacy as outlined in this privacy policy.
End User License Agreement Terms & Conditions
Eurosoft (UK) Ltd. and Eurosoft (US) Inc. (known as “the Company”) Single, End User License Agreement Before You Open This Package or Use The Software, (known as “the Licensed Program”), you must read the following Terms and Conditions of this License Agreement carefully. Opening or using this package indicates acceptance of these Terms and Conditions and activates the License Agreement. If you (known as “the Licensee”) do not agree with the Terms and Conditions, you must return the unused Licensed Program complete with all the unused Licensed Programs’ packaging, media, documentation, accessories, etc. (known as “components”), within fourteen (14) days from the date of purchase to the party from whom you received it and your money will be promptly refunded. Failure to supply all of the unused components of this package shall void any refund. License Scope: The Licensee shall only use this Licensed Program on one (1) single-user, personal computer (PC) x86 compatible (known as “computer”) at any one time.  The Licensee may only print one (1) single-user copy of the manual. The Licensee may move the Licensed Program to another single-user computer provided the Licensed Program is used on only one (1) single-user computer at any one time. If the Licensed Program is on a network hard drive, only one (1) single-user may access the Licensed Program at any one time. If the Licensed Program is used on more than one computer at any one time, you must License additional copies from the Company. The Licensee may not copy, reproduce or distribute the Licensed Programs’ components. The Licensee may not transfer or sub-license the Licensed Program and components to any other third party unless the Company is notified in advance, in writing, ten (10) days before the transfer is conducted. Copyright, Confidential Information: The Licensed Program and Licensed Program components are owned, copyrighted and trademarked by the Company on a worldwide basis. Except for backup library purposes or to load and execute the Licensed Program on a single-user computer, the Licensee shall not copy or reproduce, disassemble, reverse-engineer, or modify the Licensed Program without prior written approval and License Agreement from the Company. Any other copies of the Licensed Program violate this License Agreement. Term: The License Agreement is effective from the day you receive the Licensed Program and continues until you return the Licensed Program and its components to the Company. The Company has the right to terminate the License Agreement if there are any violations of the License Agreement at any time. Limited Warranty: The Licensed Program is provided “as is” without any warranty of any kind either expressed or implied including but not limited to the implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. This warranty gives the Licensee specific legal rights and the Licensee may also have other rights. Some countries, states or cities do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so the above exclusion may not apply to the Licensee. The entire risk as to the quality and performance of the Licensed Program is with the Licensee, the Licensed Program user, because computer hardware conditions vary considerably under which the Licensed Program may be used. The Company warrants that the original media which contains the Licensed Program is free from defects in material and workmanship under normal use for a period of thirty (30) days from the date of purchase provided that proof is shown in evidence of the purchase. Limitations, Liability: In no event shall the Company be liable to the Licensee or any party for any loss or damages, including any lost profits, lost savings or other incidental or consequential damages arising out of the use or inability to use this Licensed Program. The Company will only acknowledge and replace the Licensed Program media arising from defects in material and workmanship provided the Licensed Program is delivered to the Company. In no case shall the acknowledged limited liability exceed the original purchase price of the Licensed Program. Updates: Registering the Licensed Program with the Company is the only way to receive notification of any updates or revisions. Licensed Program updates and revisions are purchased on a year-by-year basis to stay current with new hardware and test methods. Technical support is provided free of charge for the latest Licensed Program release. The Company shall not be held responsible, and is under no obligation to notify the Licensee of any updates or revisions. Agreement: The Licensee acknowledges having read and understood the above Terms and Conditions, agrees to be bound by its Terms and Conditions. The Licensee cannot change or modify the License Agreement, in any way, by any party, unless a mutually agreed amendment or new License Agreement is approved in writing by the Company. The above Terms and Conditions comprising the single-user License Agreement is represented and enforced in the United Kingdom under English Law and International Treaty. Failure to comply with any of the License Agreement and its Terms and Conditions shall void any License Agreement you have with the Company.
Copyright Notice
Copyright Eurosoft (UK) Ltd. 1984-2020. Pc-Check is a registered trademark of Eurosoft (UK) Ltd. PC Builder, Pc-Check Windows, Pc-Check UEFI, Pc-Check Remote, Virtual Pc-Check, ZeroData, USB Port Test Device, CDT, DVDT, EuroDOS are trademarks of Eurosoft (UK) Ltd. All other product trademarks are recognised as belonging to their respective owners. Windows is a registered trademark of Microsoft Corporation in the United States and other countries. Products or information may change without notice. All Rights Reserved.
Use of website
Scope
The Eurosoft Online Privacy Statement applies to Eurosoft’s and our affiliates’ Web sites that link to the Statement and is compliant with GDPR regulations. Below are some of the highlights of the Statement.
Personal Information
We collect your personal information for various purposes, such as processing your order, corresponding with you, providing you with a subscription or in connection with a job application.
We may combine the information we collect from you with information obtained from other sources to help us improve its overall accuracy and completeness, and to help us better tailor our interactions with you.
In addition, we may also collect information relating to your use of our website through the use of various technologies, including cookies.
Uses
To fulfil your requests by us or by others involved in fulfilment.
To contact you for customer satisfaction surveys, market research or in connection with certain transactions.
To support products or services you have obtained from us.
By Eurosoft for marketing purposes if you have permitted such use.
To personalise your experience while you are on our sites, make navigation easier, and for website usage statistics.
Your Choices
When we collect information from you, you may tell us that you do not want it used for further marketing contact.
You may also turn off cookies in your browser.
Collection of Personal Information
You may choose to give us personal information directly in a variety of situations. For example, you may want to give us your name and contact information to communicate with you, to order a product, to process an order, to register for a prodict, to provide you with a technical support subscription, or to do business with us if you are a supplier or a business partner. You may also provide your credit card details to buy something from us or may share a description of your education and work experience in connection with a job opening for which you wish to be considered. If you tell us that you do not want us to use your information to make further contact with you beyond fulfilling your request, we will respect your wishes.
We may also collect information relating to your use of our websites a through the use of various technologies. For example, when you visit our websites we may log certain information that your browser sends us, such as your IP address, browser type and language, access time, and referring website addresses, and we may collect information about the pages you view within our sites and other actions you take while visiting us. In addition, some of our software products include technologies that allow Eurosoft to collect certain information about product use. We may also use such technologies to determine whether you’ve opened an e-mail or clicked on a link contained in an e-mail. Collecting information in this manner allows us to collect statistics about the usage and effectiveness of our websites, and our software products, personalise your experience and tailor our interactions with you. For details regarding the technologies we employ, see Cookies, Web Beacon and Other Technologies below.
From time to time, we may also collect information that pertains to you indirectly through other sources, such as list vendors. When we do so, we ask the vendors to confirm that the information was legally acquired by the third party and that we have the right to obtain it from them and use it.
The information that we collect, either directly or indirectly, may be combined to help us improve its overall accuracy and completeness and to help us better tailor our interactions with you.
Use of Personal Information
The following paragraphs describe in more detail how Eurosoft may use your personal information.
Fulfilling your Transaction Request
If you request something from Eurosoft, for example, a product or service, a call back, or specific marketing materials, we will use the information you provide to fulfil your request. To help us do this, we may share information with others, for instance, Eurosoft’s business partners, financial institutions, shipping companies, or postal or government authorities, such as Customs authorities, involved in fulfilment. In connection with a transaction, we may also contact you as part of our customer satisfaction surveys or for market research purposes.
Personalising your Experience on our websites
We may use information we collect about you to provide you with a personalised experience on our websites, such as providing you with content in which you may be interested and making navigation on our sites easier.
Providing Support
We may use your personal information to support products or services you have obtained from us, such as notifying you of a product update or fix.
In the course of providing technical support to you, we may sometimes have incidental access to data that you have provided to us. This data may contain information about you, your organisation’s employees, customers, partners, or suppliers.
Marketing
The information you provide to Eurosoft, as well as the information we have collected about you indirectly, may be used by Eurosoft for marketing purposes. Before we do so, however, we will offer you the opportunity to choose whether or not to have your information used in this way. You may at any time choose not to receive marketing materials from us by following the unsubscribe instructions included in each e-mail you may receive, by indicating so when we call you, or by contacting us directly.
Some of our offerings may be co-branded, that is sponsored by both Eurosoft and third parties. If you sign up for these offerings, be aware that your information may also be collected by and shared with those third parties. We encourage you to familiarise yourself with their privacy policies to gain an understanding of the manner in which they will handle information about you.
If you choose to “Email This Page” to a friend or colleague, we will ask for their name and e-mail address. We will automatically send a one-time e-mail sharing the page you indicated, but will not use that information for other purposes.
Recruitment
In connection with a job application or inquiry, whether advertised on our website or otherwise, you may provide us with information about yourself, such as a resume. We may use this information in order to address your inquiry or consider you for employment purposes. Unless you tell us not to do so, we may keep the information for future consideration.
Monitoring or Recording of Calls, Chats and Other Interactions
Certain online transactions may involve you calling us or us calling you. They may also involve online chats. Please be aware that it is Eurosoft’s general practice to monitor and in some cases record such interactions for staff training or quality assurance purposes or to retain evidence of a particular transaction or interaction.
Protect the Rights and Property of Eurosoft and Others
We may also use or share your information to protect the rights or property of Eurosoft, our business partners, suppliers, clients, or others when we have reasonable grounds to believe that such rights or property have been or could be affected. In addition, we reserve the right to disclose your personal information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, or the rights of others, or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our website.
Sharing of Personal Information and International Transfers
Eurosoft is a global organisation with business processes, management structures and technical systems that cross borders. As such, we may share information about you within the Eurosoft Group and transfer it to countries in the world where we do business in connection with the uses identified above and in accordance with this Privacy Statement. Our Privacy Statement and our practices are designed to provide a globally consistent level of protection for personal information all over the world. This means that even in countries whose laws provide for less protection for your information, Eurosoft will still handle your information in the manner described here.
From time to time, we may disclose information that identifies you at an individual level and which we collected on our websites to other non-Eurosoft entities that are not acting as our suppliers, such as our business partners. Except as described in this Privacy Statement, we will only do so with your prior consent. We do not sell or lease such information however.
When transferring your information outside of the country of collection for the purposes identified above, Eurosoft complies with applicable law.
Please be aware that in certain circumstances, personal information may be subject to disclosure to government agencies pursuant to judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process. We may also share your information to protect the rights or property of Eurosoft, our business partners, suppliers or clients, and others when we have reasonable grounds to believe that such rights or property have been or could be affected.
Information Security and Accuracy
We intend to protect your personal information and to maintain its accuracy. Eurosoft implements reasonable physical, administrative and technical safeguards to help us protect your personal information from unauthorised access, use and disclosure. For example, we encrypt certain sensitive personal information such as credit card information when we transmit such information over the Internet. We also require that our suppliers protect such information from unauthorised access, use and disclosure.
Retention
We will retain your registration information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. If you wish to request that we no longer use your registration information to provide you services contact us at info@eurosoft-uk.com. We will retain and use your registration information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Cookies, Web Beacons and Other Technologies
As mentioned above, we collect information from your visits to our websites and your use of our software products to help us gather statistics about usage and effectiveness, personalise your experience, and tailor our interactions with you. We do so through the use of various technologies, including scripts, tags, Local Shared Objects (Flash cookies), Local Storage (HTML5) beacons, and one called “cookies”. A cookie is a piece of data that a website can send to your browser, which may then be stored on your computer as a tag that identifies your computer. While cookies are often only used to measure website usage (such as number of visitors and duration of visit) and effectiveness (such as topics visitors are most interested in) and to allow for ease of navigation or use and, as such, are not associated with any personal information, they are also used at times to personalise a known visitor’s experience to a website by being associated with profile information or user preferences. Over time this information provides valuable insight to help improve the user experience.
Cookies are typically categorised as “session” cookies or “persistent” cookies. Session cookies help you navigate through the Web site efficiently, keeping track of your progression from page to page so that you are not asked for information you have already provided during the current visit. Session cookies are stored in temporary memory and erased when the web browser is closed. Persistent cookies, on the other hand, store user preferences for current and successive visits. They are written on your device’s hard disk, and are still valid when you restart your browser. We use persistent cookies, for example, to record your choice of language and country location.
While Eurosoft websites at this time do not recognise automated browser signals regarding tracking mechanisms, such as “do not track” instructions, you can generally express your privacy preferences regarding the use of most cookies and similar technologies though your web browser. Look under the heading “Tools” (or similar heading) in your particular browser for information about controlling cookies. You can set your browser in most instances to notify you before you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it or not. You can also generally set your browser to turn off cookies. Since cookies allow you to take advantage of some of our websites’ features or features of our software products, we recommend that you leave them turned on. If you block, turn off or otherwise reject our cookies, some web pages may not display properly or you will not be able, for instance, to add items to your shopping cart, proceed to checkout, or use any website services that require you to sign in. Some Eurosoft websites, and software products may also use web beacon or other technologies to better tailor those sites to provide better customer service. These technologies may be in use on a number of pages across Eurosoft’s websites. When a visitor accesses these pages, a non-identifiable notice of that visit is generated which may be processed by us or by our suppliers. These web beacons usually work in conjunction with cookies. If you don’t want your cookie information to be associated with your visits to these pages or use of these products, you can set your browser to turn off cookies or turn off cookies in the product itself, respectively. If you turn off cookies, web beacon and other technologies will still detect visits to these pages; however, they will not be associated with information otherwise stored in cookies.
We use Local Shared Objects, such as Flash cookies, and Local Storage, such as HTML5, to store content information and preferences. Third parties with whom we partner to provide certain features on our website. Various browsers may offer their own management tools for removing HTML5. To manage Flash cookies, please visit http://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager07.html
We may also include web beacons in marketing e-mail messages or our newsletters in order to determine whether messages have been opened and links contained within clicked on.
Some of our business partners set web beacons and cookies on our site. In addition third-party social media buttons may log certain information such as your IP address, browser type and language, access time, and referring website addresses, and, if you are logged in to those social media sites, they may also link such collected information with your profile information on that site. We do not control these third party tracking technologies.
Links to Non-Eurosoft websites and Third Party Applications
To allow you to interact with other websites on which you may have accounts (such as Facebook and other social media sites) or join communities on such sites, we may provide links or embed third-party applications that allow you to login, post content or join communities from our websites.
Your use of these links and applications is subject to the third parties’ privacy policies, and you should become familiar with the third party sites’ privacy policies before using the links or applications.
Eurosoft is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of those other websites.
Notification of Changes
We will post a notice for 30 days at the top of this page notifying users when this Privacy Statement is updated or modified in a material way. If we are going to use your personal information in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection, we will notify you, and you will have a choice as to whether or not we can use your personal information in such a way.
Notification of Changes
This privacy statement was last updated on June 15, 2018. A notice will be posted on our web site home page for 30 days whenever this privacy statement is changed.
Buy Now
Limited Time Offers can be found in our Online Shop.
Case Studies / Testimonials
Eurosoft UK LtdShortlands Computing has been using Pc-Check and QA+Win since 2011 for all our testing.  The combination of these powerful products gives us the conf...R. Shackleton, Shortlands Computing
Eurosoft UK LtdShortlands Computing has been using Pc-Check and QA+Win since 2011 for all our testing.  The combination of these powerful products gives us the conf...R. Shackleton, Shortlands ComputingEurosoft UK LtdNew consumer laws in South Africa mandate that we must use a diagnostic package that would reliably test hardware and allow a report to be created. Eu...W. Keogh, Server Technician, Mustek LtdEurosoft UK LtdPc-Check is a fantastic tool, according to our workshop the satisfaction is on the highest level.Like you say it, 'Nobody checks out PCs better than E...H. Alasadi, Merlin A/SEurosoft UK LtdPC Builders rigors help us to maintain the significant testing processes we adhere to at Stone. We are continually identifying problematic hardware, w...M. Scott, GROUP TECHNICAL MANAGER, Stone Computers LtdEurosoft UK LtdDuring internal AMD beta tests, we experienced excellent Pc-Check performance on the AMD 64-bit development systems. Eurosoft has also taken the step ...R. Heye, AMDEurosoft UK LtdVirtual Pc-Check provides the crucial tools that allow PC users to run in-depth, transparent hardware tests so that problems can be identified and fix...Eurosoft Customer (confidential)Eurosoft UK LtdPC manufacturers and service organisations of all sizes can reduce their development, manufacturing, maintenance and support costs by using   effici...Eurosoft Customer (confidential)Eurosoft UK LtdRecently I received ZeroData from you and I must say it is a superb piece of software. I "Nuked" two, 3 Gbyte HDD with   corporate wipe (4 pass) and...M. Hepburn, Field Service Engineer, New Zealand Racing BoardEurosoft UK LtdWe have a Preferred POST ISA/PCI Board which we use here in the workshop - one of the most useful bits of kit we have!R. Hall, Technician at Indicus UKEurosoft UK LtdEurosoft test and diagnostic solutions deliver substantial test time and cost savings at all stages of the PC lifecycle.Eurosoft Customer (confidential)Eurosoft UK LtdThanks for the prompt response and excellent support. That is why we keep coming back to Eurosoft, plus Pc-Check is a great product....Charles, Impact Business SystemsEurosoft UK LtdPc-Check has much more than The Troubleshooter had, including support for the newest hardware.I used the Preferred POST PCI/ISA board on a system that...Wallace, Root Lowell Manufacturing CoEurosoft UK LtdMuch to my surprise my latest machine passed all tests, except the new Microtopology(uTL) test I then was able to narrow the problem down to the memor...H. RobinsonEurosoft UK LtdEurosoft's solutions ensure that our PCs deliver the reliability that is crucial to our growth so that we can focus on delivering high quality financi...Sentinel Federal Credit UnionEurosoft UK LtdYou have great software and excellent support. If all companies had your level of support, my job as a computer tech to reach and find answers would b...D. HughesEurosoft UK LtdEurosoft is one of my favourite software companies to work with.
Your company takes its time to release a stable build and provides outstanding custo...H Haroon
CompuCycleEurosoft UK LtdI have been using Pc-Check for a while and it is most definitely the best all in one hardware checking system that is around. It also beats many stan...E. Huffman, Huffman LabsEurosoft UK LtdI test PC on daily basis, and Eurosoft Pc-Check is the only software I can fully rely on. It saves me a lot of time - firstly, during the pre-sale tes...Rudi FeigllorEurosoft UK LtdKontron has used this software in the past, and highly recommend it.Kevin Ledgister, KontronEurosoft UK LtdI work at the IT Service Desk and Pc-Check is a must have for what we do. Built-in diagnostics never find any issues, while PC Check will always find ...M. Rechsteiner02/14/2019Eurosoft UK LtdI LOVE LOVE LOVE YOUR PRODUCTS, they are just unbeatable. I fell in love with them after figuring out how to use them. the hardware testing suite is a...Elliot Huffman, Elliot Labs LLC06/21/2019
Latest Eurosoft News
Pc-Check UEFI Diagnostic Software V1.05 New Release
December 8, 2020
Pc-Check UEFI Diagnostic Software V1.04
September 21, 2020
Pc-Check Windows Diagnostic Software v3.2.1.8 NEW RELEASE
June 9, 2020
Contact Us
UK Tel: +44 (0)1202 297 315
US Tel: +1 (712) 255 7483
Contact Us
UK Tel: +44 (0)1202 297 315
US Tel: +1 (712) 255 7483
US Toll Free +1 888 -980-9595
Registered Head Office:
Eurosoft (UK) Ltd
3 St Stephen's Road
Bournemouth
BH2 6JL
United Kingdom
US Office:
Eurosoft (US) Inc
706 Jackson Street
Sioux City
IA 51105
USA
Eurosoft's Products
PC Builder™
Pc-Check® UEFI
Pc-Check® Windows®
Pc-Check®
ZeroData™ Windows®
Test Accessories
Enter your email to receive Eurosoft's testing news and updates
FacebookLinkedInTwitter
Terms & Conditions
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok