http://www.softintegration.com/company/privacy.html
Company
About us
Press
Career
Resellers
Partners
Site Map
Privacy
Contact us
User Testimonials
SoftIntegration Privacy Policy
Effective from July 1st, 2004.
SoftIntegration is committed to protecting our customer's privacy in all aspects of our business. This privacy statement discloses what information we
collect and how we use it when visiting www.softintegration.com.
We update our policy from time to time without notice. By visiting
SoftIntegration.com, you are accepting the practices described
in this Privacy Policy.
What Information We Gather
SoftIntetration collects personally identifying information
such as your name, address, and e-mail address when you engage in certain
activities on our website.
When you register for personalized information at our site,
When you enter one of our promotions, product updates or patches.
When you join our mailing list for discussion.
When you submit an order on-line with us.
How Your Personal Information Is Used
We use personally identifiable information in the following ways:
To provide you with information about product upgrades, product patches, new products, services, newsletters, informative emails.
To provide you with special offers from selected third parties that may be
of interest to you.
To assist us in creating better products and services to meet your needs.
To allow you to purchase and download products, obtain access to services or otherwise engage in activities you select.
In the unlikely event that SoftIntegration sells assets, or all of
its assets are acquired, customer information is one of the
transferred business assets.
If you do not wish to continue receiving our e-mail, you can opt-out of
receiving these communications by replying to the unsubscribe in the subject
line in the email.
Please note that we do not collect student or minor information specifically in our web site.
Ch Student Editor is distributed through instructors who has adopted Ch Professional Edition for their teaching.
If you have other concerns, please contact us at
info@softintegration.com.