http://www.aiso.net/company/terms-of-service
Toggle navigation
Hosting
Website Hosting
Website Builder
WordPress Optimized
Cloud VPS
E-Commerce Hosting
Dedicated Hosting
Windows ASP/.Net Hosting
Reseller Plans
Company
Contact Us
Clients
News
Testimonials
Affiliate Program
The Aiso Logo
Web Hosting Acquistions
Technology
Virtualization
Data Center
Services
SSL Certificates
Domain Registration
DNS Hosting
Email Hosting
Email Archiving
Content Delivery Network
File Management
Mailing List
Server Software
Business Solutions
Reseller Plans
Cloud Hosting
Co-Location
Security
Contact Us
(800) 781-9004
Customer Login
Control Panel
Old WebMail
New WebMail
Support
Help Desk
FAQs
New Ticket
Contact Us
Update Info
AISO Terms of Service
AISO.Net's Spam And Abuse Policy
AISO.Net's SLA
All users of Affordable Internet Services Online, Inc.'s ("AISO") services, and all customers upon signing up for and continuing to use AISO's services, agree to be bound by the following terms and conditions.
The spirit of the Terms Of Service ("TOS") is to ensure customers are using AISO's services with due regard to the rights of other Internet users and in conformity with the requirements of AISO's network environment. The TOS are not exhaustive and AISO reserves the right to add, delete, or modify any provision of its TOS at any time without notice, effective upon either the posting of the modified TOS to www.AISO.net or notification of the modified TOS. Any complaints about a customer's violation of the TOS should be sent to abuse@aiso.net. This TOS supersedes any other agreement with AISO, whether written, oral, by conduct, or otherwise.
A. AISO Web Hosting & E-commerce Customer Restrictions
B. AISO Dedicated Server Customer Restrictions
C. AISO Co-Locate Server Customer Restrictions
D. AISO MyGreenMailingList ANTI-SPAM Policy
E. AISO Website Design/Website Re-Design Billing Policy
F. All AISO Customer's Billing Policy
G. All AISO Customer's Terms Of Service
H. All AISO Customer's Domain Registration/Transfer Terms Of Service
A. AISO Web Hosting & E-commerce Customer Restrictions
The following Terms Of Service apply only to AISO's Web Hosting and Ecommerce customers, and supplement the terms in sections F and G that apply to all AISO customers:
Server Resources
Any Web site that uses a high amount of server resources (such as, but not limited to, CPU time, memory usage, and network resources), as measured by AISO, will be given the option to either pay additional fees (which will depend on the resources required), reduce the resources used to an acceptable level, or upgrade its service to a Dedicated Server plan. AISO will be the sole arbiter of what is considered to be a high server usage level. Any Web Hosting and E-commerce account deemed to be adversely affecting server performance or network integrity will be shut down without prior notice. If your site is shut down, you will not be eligible for the uptime agreement.
Spamming
Sending unsolicited bulk and/or commercial messages ("UCE") over the Internet (known as "spamming") is prohibited, regardless of whether or not it overloads a server or disrupts service to AISO's customers. The term "spamming" also includes, but is not limited to, maintaining an open SMTP policy, engaging in spamming using the service of another ISP or IPP and referencing in the spam a Web site hosted on a AISO server, or selling and/or distributing software (on a Web site residing on a AISO server) that facilitates spamming. Violators will be assessed a non-refundable minimum fine of $200 and will face immediate suspension. AISO reserves the right to determine, in its sole and absolute discretion, what constitutes a violation of this provision.
Mailing Lists and/or High Volumes Of E-mail
Any Web site that sends out a high amount of e-mails (more then 5000 per month), as measured by AISO, to networks outside of AISO's network will be given the option to either pay additional fees by moving their mailing list to our mailing list software, reduce the amount of e-mails sent to an acceptable level, or upgrade its service to a Dedicated Server plan. AISO will be the sole arbiter of what is considered to be a high e-mail sending usage. Any Web Hosting and E-commerce account deemed to be adversely affecting SMTP e-mail sending server performance or e-mail sending integrity will be either have e-mails deleted, access denied, suspended, and/or shut down without prior notice. If your site is shut down, you will not be eligible for the uptime agreement.
CGI Scripts
Any scripts, in any programming language that pose a potential security risk or are deemed to be adversely affecting server performance or network integrity will be shut down or will be automatically removed without prior notice. AISO does not permit CGI script sharing with domains not hosted by AISO or any scripts that may be abused for UCE purposes.
Chat Rooms
AISO does not allow Web Hosting and E-commerce customers to install their own chat rooms. Chat rooms tend to require significant system resources and therefore cannot be permitted as an account option. If you require this, then you will need to purchase a dedicated server.
Background Running Programs
AISO may allow programs to run in the background. These programs will be considered on an individual basis and Web Hosting and E-commerce customers might incur extra charges based on system resources used and operational maintenance needed. If you wish to run background programs please contact AISO at support@aiso.net so that we can arrange set-up.
IRC
AISO does not allow IRC or IRC bots to be operated by Web Hosting and E-commerce customers.
Other
AISO does not allow you to: run any bit torrent application, tracker, or client; Use 75% or more of system resources for longer then 60 seconds. There are numerous activities that could cause such problems; these include: CGI scripts, FTP, PHP, HTTP, etc; Run any gaming servers such as counter-strike, half-life, battlefield, etc; Participate in any file-sharing/peer-to-peer activities; Run cron entries with intervals of less than 10 minutes or a cron job that last more then 5 minutes.
Software Distribution
AISO's Web Hosting accounts by default are NOT configured for the purposes of distributing software and/or multimedia products.
E-commerce accounts ARE configured for the purposes of distributing software and/or multimedia products. You can install any e-commerce software on your web hosting account you wish, but it is not supported by AISO.
Multimedia Files
Multimedia files are defined as any graphics, audio, and video files. AISO Web Hosting and E-commerce accounts can be used for the purposes of distributing and storing unusual amounts of multimedia files as long as the space of your web hosting plan has not been exceed.
Databases
Any database stored on AISO's Web Hosting and E-commerce servers will be limited in size to 10% of the total disk space allotted for that particular domain's plan/web hosting account except for access databases.
E-commerce Store Plans
All AISO E-Commerce Store Web Hosting Plans have custom proprietary e-commerce software that is owned by AISO. Since we developed and maintain our proprietary E-Commerce technology, AISO gives you only rights to use the software until your account is cancelled. This right does not give you any ownership to the software, source code, store design/look and/or store data. Customer agrees and acknowledges that any software or applications that are provided as a part of the AISO E-Commerce Store Services may include errors or bugs that may result in erroneous information, including but not limited to, computations and calculations, for the Customer. Customer agrees that AISO is not responsible or liable for any errors, bugs, malfunctions, or incomplete or erroneous information that may result from Customer's use of AISO E-Commerce Store Services or from any related software or applications that are provided by AISO or a third party. Customer agrees and acknowledges that any tax computation(s) that Customer generates or requests from AISO E-Commerce Store Services may not be reliable and Customer should therefore always use a third party professional to calculate any and all taxes. Customers expressly agrees that AISO is not responsible or liable in any way to the Customer for the accuracy of any tax computation or calculation of any kind that the Customer performs using AISO E-Commerce Store Services, any related software or applications. This Agreement does not transfer from AISO to You any AISO developed, licensed, or owned technology, and all rights, title, and interest in and to such technology will remain solely with AISO. The customer agree that they will not, directly or indirectly, reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, or otherwise attempt to derive source code or other trade secrets from AISO. AISO grants to You a personal, nontransferable and nonexclusive right to use the object code of its Software only on a server controlled by AISO for the sole purpose of using the Service; provided that You do not (and do not allow any third party to) copy, modify, create a derivative work of, reverse engineer, reverse assemble, or otherwise attempt to discover any source code, sell, assign, sublicense, grant a security interest in, or otherwise transfer any right in the Software. You agree not to modify the Software in any manner or form, or to use modified versions of the Software, including (without limitation) for the purpose of obtaining unauthorized access to the Service. You agree not to access the Service by any means other than through the interface that is provided or authorized by AISO for use in accessing the Service. You may not use web pages or parts of web pages generated by means of the Software, other than Content that originates from and is proprietary to You, on any server other than the servers controlled by AISO without AISO's express written agreement. You also acknowledge and agree that the Software is intended for access and use by means of web browsing software, and that AISO does not commit to support any particular browsing platform. AISO reserves the right at any time to revise and modify the Software, release subsequent versions thereof and to alter features, specifications, capabilities, functions, and other characteristics of the Software, without notice to You. If any revision or modification to the Software materially changes Your ability to conduct business, Your sole remedy is to cancel Your Service. You can use the Service to facilitate the creation and maintenance of an interactive online store ("Store") for the sale of goods and services. You acknowledge and agree that You will be solely responsible for all goods and services offered at and sold through Your Store, all materials used or displayed at the Store, and all acts or omissions that occur at the Store or in connection with Your account or password. Certain Stores may be subject to additional requirements. You agree to display in Your Store Your contact information, including but not limited to Your company name, address, telephone number, fax number, and email address. You also agree to update such information to keep it true, accurate, current, and complete. AISO reserves the right to terminate Your Service, or refuse to host or continue to host any Store which it believes, in its sole discretion: (a) has caused a significant number of complaints for failing to be reasonably accessible to customers or timely fulfill customer orders; or (b) has become the subject of a government complaint or investigation. Additionally, AISO reserves the right to review and remove any Store at any time for non-compliance with any of the Terms within the Terms Of Service. Upon signing up for an e-commerce store plan you agree to these Terms Of Service.
B. AISO Dedicated Server Customer Restrictions
The following Terms of Service apply only to AISO's Dedicated Server customers, and supplement the terms in sections F and G that apply to all AISO customers:
Customer Security Responsibilities
The customer is solely responsible for any breaches of security affecting servers under the customer's control. If a customer's server is involved in an attack on another server or system, it will be shut down and an immediate investigation will be launched to determine the cause/source of the attack. In such event, the customer is responsible for the cost to rectify any damage done to the customer's server and any other requirement affected by the security breach.
IRC
AISO allows Dedicated Server customers the use of IRC inside the AISO network as long as the use of IRC on a AISO server does not violate any of the other terms of these TOS. As a policy, AISO will not provide vanity IRC reverse DNS records. To enforce this policy AISO does not turn the reverse address of IPs over to the customer. Authority over this information remains with AISO.
Billing for Network Resources
The customer understands that the customer is responsible for paying for any network resources that are used to connect the customer's server to the Internet. The customer may request that the customer's server be disconnected from the Internet, but the customer will still be responsible for paying for any network resources used up to the point of suspension or cancellation.
Your Obligation
You represent and warrant to AISO that: Your content does not and shall not contain any content, materials, data, work, trade or service mark, trade name, link, advertising or services that actually or potentially violate any applicable law or regulation or infringe or misappropriate any proprietary, intellectual property, contract or tort right of any person and that You own Your server content and all proprietary or intellectual property rights therein, or have express written authorization from the owner to copy, use and display the content on and within Your server account. You also represent and warrant that the server content being hosted by AISO shall not be used in connection with any illegal activity.
You are responsible for ensuring that there is no excessive overloading of AISO's DNS system or servers. In the event that You exceed Your allotted bandwidth and thereby overload AISO's DNS, network or servers, You shall be assessed any and all fees, costs and penalties associated with such overloading. You may not use AISO's servers and Your Server Account as a source, intermediary, reply to address, or destination address for mail bombs, Internet packet flooding, packet corruption, denial of service, or other abusive activities. Server hacking or other perpetration of security breaches is prohibited and AISO reserves the right to remove dedicated servers that contain information about hacking or links to such information. Use of your server account as an anonymous gateway is prohibited, as is Your use of the Dedicated Services to restrict or inhibit any other user from using and enjoying the Internet. You acknowledge and agree that AISO has the right to remove Your server content temporarily or permanently from its dedicated servers, and/or reduce and/or restrict network and/or server resources, if AISO is the recipient of activities that threaten the stability of its network.
You agree not to engage in unacceptable use of any of the Dedicated Services, which includes, without limitation, use of the Dedicated Services to: (i) disseminate or transmit unsolicited messages, chain letters or unsolicited commercial email; (ii) disseminate or transmit any material that, to a reasonable person may be abusive, obscene, pornographic, defamatory, harassing, grossly offensive, vulgar, threatening or malicious; (iii) disseminate or transmit files, graphics, software or other material, data or work that actually or potentially infringes the copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret or other intellectual property right of any person; (iv) create a false identity or to otherwise attempt to mislead any person as to the identity, source or origin of any communication; (v) export, re-export or permit downloading of any message or content in violation of any export or import law, regulation or restriction of the United States and its agencies or authorities, or without all required approvals, licenses and/or exemptions; (vi) interfere, disrupt or attempt to gain unauthorized access to any computer system, server, network or account for which You do not have authorization to access or at a level exceeding Your authorization; (vii) disseminate or transmit any virus, trojan horse or other malicious, harmful or disabling data, work, code or program; (viii) engage in any other activity deemed by AISO to be in conflict with the spirit or intent of this Agreement or any AISO policy; or (ix) use Your server as an "open relay" or similar purposes.
You acknowledge and agree that AISO has the right to remove Your server content temporarily or permanently from its dedicated servers if your account becomes 30 days or more past due. You acknowledge that AISO at it’s sole discretion has the right to turn off your Dedicated Server (s) for non payment of Dedicated Server fees when such fees are 30 days past due. You acknowledge that AISO does NOT have to allow access to a Dedicated Server(s) ftp, website, email, source code, pictures, videos or any other file located on a AISO Dedicated Server until payment is received in full. You acknowledge that you agree with the all of the terms and agreement of item B, AISO Dedicated Server Customer Restrictions.
Cancellations
We require you to login to your customer control panel, go to the service in question you want to cancel and click the request cancellation link. You can then choose to cancel that day or at the end of your current billing period.
C. AISO Co-Locate Server Customer Restrictions
The following Terms of Service apply only to AISO's Co-Locate Server customers, and supplement the terms in sections F and G that apply to all AISO customers:
Customer Security Responsibilities
The customer is solely responsible for any breaches of security affecting servers under the customer's control. If a customer's server is involved in an attack on another server or system, it will be shut down and an immediate investigation will be launched to determine the cause/source of the attack. In such event, the customer is responsible for the cost to rectify any damage done to the customer's server and any other requirement affected by the security breach.
IRC
AISO allows Co-Locate Server customers the use of IRC inside the AISO network as long as the use of IRC on a AISO server does not violate any of the other terms of these TOS. As a policy, IF AISO is providing DNS services to the Co-Locate Server customer, AISO will not provide vanity IRC reverse DNS records. To enforce this policy AISO does not turn the reverse address of IPs over to the customer. Authority over this information remains with AISO.
Billing for Network Resources
The customer understands that the customer is responsible for paying for any network resources that are used to connect the customer's server to the Internet. The customer may request that the customer's server be disconnected from the Internet, but the customer will still be responsible for paying for any network resources used up to the point of suspension or cancellation.
Your Obligation
You represent and warrant to AISO that: Your content does not and shall not contain any content, materials, data, work, trade or service mark, trade name, link, advertising or services that actually or potentially violate any applicable law or regulation or infringe or misappropriate any proprietary, intellectual property, contract or tort right of any person and that You own Your server, its content and all proprietary or intellectual property rights therein, or have express written authorization from the owner to copy, use and display the content on and within Your server. You also represent and warrant that the server being hosted by AISO shall not be used in connection with any illegal activity.
You are responsible for ensuring that there is no excessive overloading of AISO's DNS system, if AISO is providing DNS services, or servers. In the event that You exceed Your allotted bandwidth and thereby overload AISO's DNS, if AISO is providing DNS services, or servers, You shall be assessed any and all fees, costs and penalties associated with such overloading. You may not use AISO's servers and Your Co-Locate Server as a source, intermediary, reply to address, or destination address for mail bombs, Internet packet flooding, packet corruption, denial of service, or other abusive activities. Server hacking or other perpetration of security breaches is prohibited and AISO reserves the right to remove servers that contain information about hacking or links to such information. Use of your server as an anonymous gateway is prohibited, as is Your use of the Co-Locate Services to restrict or inhibit any other user from using and enjoying the Internet. You acknowledge and agree that AISO has the right to remove Your server temporarily or permanently from its network, and/or reduce and/or restrict network and/or server resources, if AISO is the recipient of activities that threaten the stability of its network.
You agree not to engage in unacceptable use of any of the Co-Locate Services, which includes, without limitation, use of the Co-Locate Services to: (i) disseminate or transmit unsolicited messages, chain letters or unsolicited commercial email; (ii) disseminate or transmit any material that, to a reasonable person may be abusive, obscene, pornographic, defamatory, harassing, grossly offensive, vulgar, threatening or malicious; (iii) disseminate or transmit files, graphics, software or other material, data or work that actually or potentially infringes the copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret or other intellectual property right of any person; (iv) create a false identity or to otherwise attempt to mislead any person as to the identity, source or origin of any communication; (v) export, re-export or permit downloading of any message or content in violation of any export or import law, regulation or restriction of the United States and its agencies or authorities, or without all required approvals, licenses and/or exemptions; (vi) interfere, disrupt or attempt to gain unauthorized access to any computer system, server, network or account for which You do not have authorization to access or at a level exceeding Your authorization; (vii) disseminate or transmit any virus, trojan horse or other malicious, harmful or disabling data, work, code or program; (viii) engage in any other activity deemed by AISO to be in conflict with the spirit or intent of this Agreement or any AISO policy; or (ix) use Your server as an "open relay" or similar purposes.
You acknowledge and agree that AISO has the right to remove Your server temporarily or permanently from its network if your account becomes 30 days or more past due. You acknowledge that AISO at it’s sole discretion has the right to turn off your Co-Locate Server(s) for non payment of Co-Locate Server fees when such fees are 30 days past due. You acknowledge that AISO does NOT have to allow access to your Co-Locate Server(s) located on the AISO network until payment is received in full. You acknowledge that you agree with the all of the terms and agreement of item C, AISO Co-Locate Server Customer Restrictions.
D. AISO MyGreenMailingList ANTI-SPAM Policy
AISO has a no tolerance spam policy. AISO's customer support actively monitors large import lists and e-mails going to a large number of subscribers. Any customer found to be using AISO for spam will be immediately cut-off from use of the MyGreenMailingList Service. If you know of or suspect any violators, please notify us immediately at abuse@aiso.net.
Every e-mail must contain a mandatory unsubscribe link - those individuals who try to remove this link or do not use a link will be warned that they are doing so. If the link is removed, not included or de-activated in any way, AISO will terminate the customer's account.
What is Spam?
Spam is unsolicited e-mail also known as UCE (Unsolicited Commercial Email). By sending e-mail to only to those who have requested to receive it, you are following accepted permission-based email guidelines.
What constitutes a Pre-existing business relationship?
The recipient of your e-mail has made a purchase, requested information, responded to a questionnaire or a survey, or had offline contact with you.
What constitutes consent?
The recipient of your e-mail has been clearly and fully notified of the collection and use of his e-mail address and has consented prior to such collection and use. This is often called informed consent.
Isn't there a law against sending Spam?
The federal anti-spam law went into effect on January 1st, 2004 and preempts all state laws. While this new law will not stop spam, it does make most spam illegal and ultimately less attractive to spammers. The law is specific about requirements to send commercial e-mail and empowers the federal government to enforce the law. The penalties can include a fine and/or imprisonment for up to 5 years.
How AISO protects you from sending spam
AISO's MyGreenMailingList is a permission-based e-mail-marketing tool that follows the strictest permission-based philosophies:
- Communication - Your MyGreenMailingList registration page already states why you are collecting the site visitor's e-mail address, how you plan to use their address, and that you are following the embedded privacy policy. Additionally, by accepting our license agreement you have agreed to use only permission-based lists and never to sell or rent your e-mail lists or e-mail addresses.
- Verification - MyGreenMailingList automatically sends all of your new subscribers an e-mail confirming their interest in receiving e-mails from you. Additionally, if your subscriber changes his or her interests or unsubscribes, AISO automatically sends an e-mail confirmation.
- Unsubscribe - Every e-mail generated from MyGreenMailingList must contain an unsubscribe link which allows your subscribers to opt-out of future e-mail campaigns and automatically updates your subscriber lists to avoid the chance of sending unwanted emails to visitors who have unsubscribed.
- Identification - Your e-mail header information is correct because it is pre-set in your configuration. Your e-mail campaign's "From" address is verified and already accurately identifies you as the sender.
- Contact Information - all of your e-mails are pre-filled with your contact information including your physical address.
How to protect yourself from Spam: Take the Spam Test
1. Are you importing a purchased list of ANY kind?
2. Are you sending to non-specific addresses such as:
sales@domain.com, business@domain.com, webmaster@domain.com, info@domain.com,
or other general addresses.
3. Are you sending to distribution lists or mailing lists which send indirectly to a variety of
e-mail addresses?
4. Does your e-mail's subject line contain false or misleading information?
5. Have you falsified your originating address or transmission path information?
6. Have you used a third party e-mail address or domain name without their permission?
7. Are you mailing to anyone who has not explicitly agreed to join your mailing list?
8. Does your e-mail fail to provide a working link to unsubscribe?
9. Are you failing to process any unsubscribe requests that come to you via a reply to your
e-mail within 10 days of the request?
If you have answered YES to ANY of the above questions you will likely be labeled a SPAMMER. For more information visit The Coalition Against Unsolicited Email.
E. AISO Website Design/Website Re-Design Billing Policy
The following Terms Of Service constitute AISO's Billing Policy applying to website design and website re-design and applys to ALL AISO customers that request AISO to design or re-design their website using our AISO Site Builder, or do any programming work for the customers web site:
Billing Policy
When you contact AISO to do design or re-design with our Basic Design Package using our AISO Site Builder, a 50% deposit is required. If you choose to pay by check then payment must be received within 7 days at our Romoland, CA office. If payment is not received within 7 days then you hereby authorize AISO.Net to charge your credit or bank debt card that is on file. This credit or bank debt card is usually the same card you have authorized for Monthly, Quarterly, Semi-Annual or Annual payment to AISO.Net for your website hosting, e-mail, dedicated server and/or co-location service fees. This credit or bank debt card will then be charged the required 50% deposit fee.
When you contract with AISO.Net to design your website, you agree to the terms and conditions posted herein. If you do not agree with the terms and conditions then you need to use another design firm to handle your work. You also agree and authorize AISO.Net to charge such design or re-design fees to your credit card or bank debt card, not limited to the deposit but also the balance due after the job is complete. All deposits and design fees are non-refundable.
F. All AISO Customer Billing Policy
The following Terms Of Service constitute AISO's Billing Policy and apply to ALL AISO customers:
Payments
All charges are shown in US Dollars. Payments are to be made in US dollars. AISO accepts the following types of payment:
• Check or Money Order
• Credit Card (VISA, MasterCard, American Express, Discover)
• Bank WireTransfer
• PayPal
All payments are due on the Account Statement Date. The Account Statement Date is the monthly anniversary of the date the account was activated. If you provide AISO your credit card information, you authorize AISO to automatically charge your credit or debit card for charges that apply to your account. Recurring charges will be posted to your credit card until such time that you cancel your account in accordance with AISO's Billing Policy in the TOS. Charges subsequent to your initial order will accumulate in your account until such charges exceed $9.95. AISO will then automatically charge your credit card on the next Account Statement Date. You are responsible for directly updating, or notifying AISO, of any changes to your credit card (including, but not limited to card number, expiration date, billing address, or card status).
Customers not paying by credit card agree to make payment of their balance due within ten (10) days of the Account Statement Date.
Accounts that are thirty (30) days past due will be automatically suspended and website content will not be made available until account returns to current status. All past due and unpaid balances are subject to collection. In the event of collection, you will be liable for costs of collection including attorney's fees, court costs, and collection agency fees.
Billing Cycles (Terms)
AISO offers six Billing Cycles (terms) for hosting charges: Monthly, Quarterly (3 months) Semi-Annual (6 months), Yearly (12 months), Biennially (2 years) and Triennially (3 years). The Billing Cycle begins on the Plan Activation Date. Resellers are limited to the Annual Billing Cycle for all of their accounts except for their main reseller account. Non-credit card payment methods are limited to Annual or Semi-Annual Billing Cycles.
You may elect to change your Billing Cycle at any time; however, the new Billing Cycle will only take effect at the time of the next plan renewal.
All additional features added to an account are charged monthly, Resellers are charged annually. Additional items are non-refundable.
Account Renewals
In order to insure uninterrupted service to your website and/or email, all plans will automatically renew at the end of the plan's Billing Cycle. We will inform you of this renewal before your plan is to be renewed via the e-mail account on file. It is up to the customer to make sure AISO has updated customer information, and that the customer informs AISO that they wish to renew in a timely manner before the accounts renewal date. If the customer does not inform AISO of them wishing to renew before the account renewal date, AISO can suspend and/or cancel the web hosting account and/or let the domain name registration expire; If this occurs, AISO is not responsible for any issues, loss of business and/or fees arising from this. Plan renewal charges are based on the prevailing rate on the date of renewal according to the service selected. Plans are renewed for the same billing cycle. If you wish to cancel your plan before plan renewal, please refer to the Cancellation section below. For more information on Domain Name Renewals, please see below.
Account Renewals - Important Notice
Domain name registrations and Web hosting accounts are handled by separate entities. In the event you need to cancel, you must specify whether you would like to cancel your domain name only, your Web hosting plan only, or both your domain and hosting accounts. The cancellation or expiration of your domain name does not automatically terminate your hosting account (or vice versa).
Billing Information
You agree to provide to AISO any changes to the billing information promptly. Billing information includes but is not limited to credit card information, addresses, phone numbers, e-mail addresses, etc.
Cut Off Period for Billing Errors
You have 30 days to alert AISO of any billing error claims. You agree that you have no rights to claim any billing errors for a period earlier than 30 days from the date of the claim. All bills are final after 30 days.
Statements
AISO will both e-mail and/or send regular mail paper (recycled paper) invoices or statements. Customers may elect to receive their monthly account billing statement via e-mail and not sent regular mail by e-mailing billing@aiso.net.
Fees
• Returned (NSF) Checks
AISO charges a $25.00 fee for returned (NSF) checks. Customers that issue an NSF check will be required to submit future payments with a certified check or money order.
•Credit Card Chargebacks
A $25.00 chargeback fee will be assessed for each credit card chargeback received by AISO.
• Bank Wire Payments
AISO does NOT charge fees for accepting payment via bank wire, however, international wire transfers may be assessed a $20.00 USD processing fee by an intermediary bank in New York. In addition, your issuing bank may also charge a fee for sending the wire. Please add these fees to the amount that you are sending to AISO or the amount credited to your account will be less than your intended payment.
• Reactivation
Customers that wish to reactivate a closed account will be assessed a $20 one time reactivation if AISO restores your data files to your reactivated account.
• Hosting Plan Changes
Customers electing to change to a lower priced hosting plan on the same platform will not be charged a downgrade fee. There is no upgrade fee for upgrading to a higher priced plan, however, you will be charged any difference between the current plan and former plans.
• Platform Change
Customers that elect to change plans to a different operating system platform will be charged a $20 one time platform change fee.
Cancellations
All plans will automatically renew until a plan is cancelled. In order to cancel service you must submit a cancellation request in our control panel under "Management Actions" within the service you want to cancel, or contact AISO's Billing Department via e-mail at billing@aiso.net. AISO's Billing Department will assist you with the cancellation process. NO OTHER E-MAIL ADDRESS OR METHOD WILL BE CONSTITUTED AS A CANCELLATION and therefore would not be deemed cancelled. When you cancel you will get a pro-rated refund minus processing fees using the same method in which you paid. There are no REFUNDS of a partially used month.
Cancellation requests must be received by AISO within the AISO control panel prior to the end of your Billing Cycle for dedicated server. Co-location cancellations require a minimum notice of 30 days prior to the end of your billing cycle. Cancellations submitted later than this time may result in automatic renewal of your hosting plan. Cancellations become effective on the day processed by AISO. AISO is unable to cancel your account effective for a future date. If AISO sends a confirmation of the cancellation request when it is processed, we will do so to the e-mail address on record. It is your responsibility to ensure your current email address is up to date with AISO. Upon cancellation AISO will delete any and all data associated with said accounts. This may include but is not limited to web site data and e-mail. You are responsible for retrieving your e-mail, web site files, and all other information stored on our servers that is owned by you, prior to canceling your account.
There are NO REFUNDS for the following: a partially used month, setup fees, overage charges, and reseller end user accounts.
AISO does not monitor, and will not automatically cancel plans for problems related to domain name transfers, non-usage, NetworkSolutions (or any Domain Name Registration Provider), your ISP, or any other secondary issues not directly related to AISO's services. Cancellation of services does not relieve the customer from paying any outstanding balance owed on the account. AISO (Affordable Internet Services Online, Inc.) reserves the right to cancel any account, at any time, without notice, for any reason AISO (Affordable Internet Services Online, Inc.) considers appropriate. Any account hosting or dedicated server plans delinquent thirty (30) days or more may be terminated and any content, scripts, images, source code, proprietary content, may not be made available (if available) to the customer until the account becomes current and in a paid status.
30-Day Money Back Guarantee
Each of AISO's shared hosting plans carries a 30-day unconditional money back guarantee. If you are not completely satisfied with our services or support within the first 30 days, you will be given a full refund of the fees paid in advance (excluding setup fees) upon plan cancellation. This policy does not cover any additional services such overages, disk space, bandwidth, e-mail accounts, etc. The following services do not qualify for the 30 Day Money Back Guarantee: additional items and services; domain name registration fees; domain name redemption fees; dedicated servers; co-located servers, items and services ordered through the reseller program; domain parking, setup fees, and overage fees. All cancellations must be received in writing as per the deadlines indicated; regular mail, e-mail and fax notifications are acceptable. Phone requests will not constitute acceptance of any cancellation. If sending by e-mail you must direct the cancellation to billing@aiso.net. No other e-mail address will be constituted as a cancellation and therefore would not be deemed cancelled. To see a general overview on our 30-Day Money Back Guarantee, click here
Refund Policy
Full Refunds are only available in accordance with the 30 Day Money Back Guarantee. Refunds will be provided in the same payment method of the original payment. There are no refunds offered or promised after 30 days. There are no refunds and/or credits offered if you (the customer) receive overdraft charges from your bank. To see a general overview on our Refund Policy, see the refund section above.
Credit Card Disputes/Chargebacks
AISO has a zero tolerance policy for chargebacks. Any customer who disputes a credit card payment is subject to a fine, suspension and/or account termination at AISO's discretion. A charge of $25.00 per chargeback will be assessed to all accounts that receive a chargeback.
Billing/Price Changes
AISO's policies and prices are subject to change without notice. Any price changes become effective in the next billing cycle.
G. All AISO Customers Terms of Service
The following Terms Of Service apply to ALL AISO customers:
AISO Services
AISO's services include, but are not limited to:
1. any act of preparing, setting up, connecting, maintaining, terminating, or reconnecting customers' account (including all billing data and the space on the particular Web server that AISO provides to customers);
2. any use by customers, or any access provided to customers by AISO, of computing, telecommunications, software, information, hardware, and equipment;
3. any act, or provision of any service, by AISO to customers, related to Web hosting, virtual desktops, domain name registrations and domain name transfers (including server usage and technical support), regardless of duration and whether paid for or not;
4. any provision by AISO to customers, of any space, Internet connectivity, or electrical power;
5. any access or use related to the AISO's Web site, including the Web site itself;
6. any other service mentioned in the TOU;
7. any other service provided by AISO to customers, whether used or not;
8. any other AISO services that are used by customers, whether offered or provided by AISO to customers.
Domain Name Renewal And Expiration
AISO makes every reasonable effort to make sure you know your domain name registration is coming due. We do NOT pick up the phone and call clients and we do not try and track clients down to let them know their domain name registration is expiring. It is solely the responsibility of the client to ensure that all the information is up to date on their domain name registration and in our client area. If the client does not know their login info to manage and update their domain name registration in our client area, then they can call or e-mail support and we will gladly provide the information via a password forgot email. Our registration system is provided by Tucows and our control panel client area will notify you by e-mail when the domain name is coming due. You need to keep our client area information up to date. If you don't, then the system can't send you emails to notify you your registration is expiring. Your website and email will be off the internet once the domain name expires and you could potentially loose business. If you don't receive a renewal message then it is most likely caused by not having the correct email address in the domain name registration system or the message is caught by your spam filter. It is extremely important that you keep this information up to date to avoid any interruption of service. If a domain name is expired and you want to renew the domain name simply call AISO and ask for the domain name registration department or email them. If the domain name is expired more than 40 days then the name goes into redemption period by the registrar. They require a substantial amount of money to pull the name out of redemption, the amount is listed below in Section H. AISO is NOT in any way responsible for clients that let their domain name(s) expire.
Ownership of Web Site
The legal owner of customers' Web sites and accounts with AISO will be the individual or organization whose name is listed in AISO's database as the owner. Customers will fully cooperate with and abide by any and all of AISO's security measures and procedures in the event of any dispute over ownership of customers' Web sites and accounts with AISO.
Illegal Use
AISO servers may be used for lawful purposes only. Transmission, storage, or distribution of any information, data, or material in violation of any applicable law or regulation, or that may directly facilitate the violation of any particular law or regulation is prohibited. This includes, but is not limited to: copyrighted material; trademarks; trade secrets or other intellectual property rights used without proper authorization; material that is obscene, defamatory, constitutes an illegal threat, or violates export control laws. Additionally, in purchasing AISO services, all AISO customers certify that they and/or the organization they represent in procuring services from AISO are not, nor have been designated, a suspected terrorist as defined in Executive Order 13224; are not owned or controlled by a 'suspected terrorist' as defined in Executive Order 13224; and are not on, are not a member of, related to, associated with, or controlled by any organizations on the list contained in the Annex to Executive Order 13224 and all updates thereto.
Spamming
Sending unsolicited bulk and/or commercial messages ("UCE") over the Internet (known as "spamming") is prohibited, regardless of whether or not it overloads a server or disrupts service to AISO's customers. The term "spamming" also includes, but is not limited to, maintaining an open SMTP policy, engaging in spamming using the service of another ISP or IPP and referencing in the spam a Web site hosted on a AISO server, and selling or distributing software (on a Web site residing on a AISO server) that facilitates spamming. Violators may be assessed a non-refundable minimum fine of $200 US and may face immediate suspension. AISO reserves the right to determine, in its sole and absolute discretion, what constitutes a violation of this provision.
System and Network Abuse
Violations of system and/or network security are prohibited and may result in criminal and civil liability, and/or reduction and/or restriction of network or server resources. Examples of system or network security violations include, without limitation the following: unauthorized access to or use of data, systems or networks, including any attempt to probe, scan or test the vulnerability of a system or network or to breach security or authentication measures without express authorization of the owner of the system or network; interference with service to any user, host or network including, without limitation, mail bombing, flooding, deliberate attempts to overload a system and broadcast attacks; forging of any TCP-IP packet header or any part of the header information in an email or a newsgroup posting. You are responsible to report any weakness you discover in the security of AISO's computing resources to AISO. You are not to explore a weakness on your own as this may be interpreted as intentionally tampering with AISO's resources and be treated as a violation of criminal law. If you wish to assist in resolving a security weakness in the system, you should contact AISO for authority to act and for further instruction.
Viruses and Other Destructive Activities
Use of AISO's services or equipment for creating or sending Internet viruses, worms or Trojan horses, or for pinging, flooding or mail bombing, or engaging in denial of service attacks is prohibited. It is also prohibited for any customer to engage in other activity that is intended to disrupt or interfere with, or that results in the disruption of or interference with, the ability of others to effectively use AISO's services and equipment (or any connected network, system, service or equipment) or conduct their business over the Internet.
Copyright Violations
The Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA") sets forth the law regarding the use of copyrighted materials on the Internet. All AISO customers are subject to the requirements of the DMCA. Individuals or entities submitting notifications of copyright infringement by a AISO customer (per the DMCA) to AISO must follow the below procedures. Copyright infringement notifications submitted to AISO according to these procedures will be processed within 21 days of receipt. Customers who are the subject of a DMCA notification that meets the below criteria may be subject to account termination at AISO's sole discretion.
DMCA Copyright Infringement Notification Requirements
• Signature of the copyright owner or a person authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf (the "Claimant").
• Identification of the copyrighted work(s) claimed to have been infringed.
• Identification of the material claimed to infringe the copyright(s), and enough information for AISO to locate it including URLs and specific descriptions of the infringing material at each URL.
• The Claimant's name, address, and telephone number(s).
• A statement that the Claimant has a good faith belief that use of the disputed material is not authorized by the copyright owner or his agent.
• A statement, under penalty of perjury, that the information in the notification of copyright infringement is accurate and that the Claimant is authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner.
• Mail the notification to:
Affordable Internet Services Online, Inc.
Legal Department - DMCA Complaints
25655 Louisa Lane
Romoland, CA 92585 USA
abuse@aiso.net
Adult Content
Pornography and sex-related merchandising are prohibited on AISO servers. This includes sites that may infer sexual content or provide links to adult content elsewhere. This is also true for sites that promote any illegal activity or content that may be damaging to our servers or any other server on the Internet, or provide links to such sites.
Child Pornography
The use of AISO's services to store, post, display, transmit, advertise or otherwise make available child pornography is prohibited. AISO is required by law, and will, notify law enforcement agencies when it becomes aware of the presence of child pornography on, or being transmitted through, its services.
Privacy
AISO is concerned with the privacy of on-line communications and Web sites. In general, the Internet is neither more nor less secure than other means of communication, including mail, facsimile, and voice telephone service, all of which can be intercepted and otherwise compromised. As a matter of prudence, however, AISO urges its customers to assume that all of their on-line communications are insecure. AISO has taken every step in securing its servers and network, although we cannot take any responsibility for the security of information transmitted over AISO's facilities. Additional details on privacy and AISO's use of customer information can be found in AISO's Privacy Policy located here.
Customer Responsibility
Customers are required to use the AISO network and/or servers responsibly. This includes respecting the other customers of AISO. AISO reserves the right to suspend and/or cancel service with any customer who uses the AISO network in such a way that adversely affects other AISO customers. While AISO may monitor its service electronically to determine that its facilities are operating satisfactorily, as a general practice, AISO does not monitor its customers' communications or activities to determine whether they are in compliance with the TOS. However, when AISO becomes aware of any violation of the TOS or other user agreements, AISO may take any action to stop or correct such violation, including, but not limited to, denying access to AISO's services and equipment or to the Internet. In addition, AISO may take action against a customer or a customer of such customer because of the activities of such customer. AISO anticipates that customers who offer Internet services will cooperate with AISO in any corrective or preventive action that AISO deems necessary. Failure to cooperate with such corrective or preventive measures is a violation of AISO policy and AISO reserves the right to take any such action even though such action may affect other customers of the AISO customer. You are responsible for retrieving your e-mail, web site files, and all other information stored on our servers that is owned by you, prior to canceling your account. You are responsible to report any weakness you discover in the security of AISO's computing resources to AISO.
Actions Taken by AISO
The failure by a customer to meet or follow any of the TOS is grounds for account deactivation. AISO will be the sole arbiter as to what constitutes a violation of the TOS. AISO reserves the right to remove any account without prior notice and to refuse service to anyone at any time. When AISO becomes aware of an alleged violation of its TOS, AISO will initiate an investigation. During the investigation, AISO may restrict a customer's access in order to prevent further potentially unauthorized activity. Depending on the severity of the violation, AISO may, at its sole discretion, restrict, suspend, or terminate a customer's Web hosting account and/or pursue other civil remedies. If such violation is a criminal offense, AISO will notify the appropriate law enforcement authorities of such violation. An unlisted activity may also be a violation of the TOS if it is illegal, irresponsible, or constitutes disruptive use of the Internet. AISO does not issue credits for outages incurred through service disablement resulting from TOS violations. Violators of the policy are responsible, without limitations, for the cost of labor to rectify any damage done to the operation of the network and business operations supported by the network, and to respond to complaints incurred by AISO. Websites found in violation of this TOS policy are subject to account termination without notice and any refunds are void. Violations of system or network security are prohibited and may result in criminal and civil liability.
Indemnification
AISO customers agree to protect, defend, hold harmless, and indemnify AISO, any third party entity related to AISO (including, without limitation, third party vendors), and AISO's executives, directors, officers, attorneys, managers, employees, consultants, contractors, agents, parent companies, subsidiaries, and co-subsidiaries with the same parent company as AISO, from and against any and all liabilities, losses, costs, judgments, damages, claims, or causes of actions, including, without limitation, any and all legal fees and expenses, arising out of or resulting in any from the customer's use of AISO's services.
Disclaimer
The AISO service is provided on an as is, as available basis without warranties of any kind, either express or implied, including, but not limited to, warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose or non-infringement. AISO expressly disclaims any representation or warranty that the AISO service will be error-free, secure or uninterrupted. No oral advice or written information given by AISO, its employees, licensors or the like, will create a warranty; nor may you rely on any such information or advice. AISO and its partners and suppliers will not be liable for any cost or damage arising either directly or indirectly from any transaction or use of the service.
Termination for Bankruptcy or Insolvency
If a customer becomes insolvent or any bankruptcy petition is filed by the customer, or any third party against the customer, AISO may immediately terminate provision of AISO's services to the customer without prior notice or penalty. Such customer consents to the grant of relief from any automatic stay of proceedings against AISO in such event.
Limitation of Liability
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT, AND UNDER NO THEORY OF LAW OR EQUITY, WILL AISO (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, AISO'S EXECUTIVES, DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, ATTORNEYS, MANAGERS, EMPLOYEES, CONSULTANTS, CONTRACTORS, AGENTS, PARENT COMPANIES, SUBSIDIARIES, CO-SUBSIDIARIES WITH THE SAME PARENT COMPANY AS AISO, AFFILIATES, THIRD-PARTY PROVIDERS, MERCHANTS, LICENSORS, OR THE LIKE) OR ANYONE ELSE INVOLVED IN CREATING, PRODUCING, OR DISTRIBUTING AISO'S SERVICES, BE LIABLE FOR THE LOSS OF A DOMAIN NAME, OR ANY BUSINESS OR PERSONAL LOSS, REVENUES DECREASE, EXPENSES INCREASE, COSTS OF SUBSTITUTE PRODUCTS AND/OR AISO SERVICES, OR ANY OTHER LOSS OR DAMAGE WHATSOEVER, OR FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE OR INDIRECT DAMAGES OF ANY KIND ARISING OUT OF ANY USE OF, OR ANY INABILITY TO USE, ANY AISO SERVICES EVEN IF AISO HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. AISO'S TOTAL CUMULATIVE LIABILITY, IF ANY, TO CUSTOMER, OR ANY THIRD PARTY, FOR ANY AND ALL DAMAGES, RELATED TO THE TOS OR AISO'S SERVICES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THOSE FROM ANY NEGLIGENCE, ANY ACT OR OMISSION BY AISO OR AISO'S REPRESENTATIVES, OR UNDER ANY OTHER THEORY OF LAW OR EQUITY, WILL BE LIMITED TO, AND WILL NOT EXCEED, THE ACTUAL DOLLAR AMOUNT PAID BY THE CUSTOMER FOR THE SERVICES WHICH GAVE RISE TO SUCH DAMAGES, LOSSES AND CAUSES OF ACTIONS DURING THE 1-MONTH PERIOD PRIOR TO THE DATE THE DAMAGE OR LOSS OCCURRED OR THE CAUSE OF ACTION AROSE.
Modifications
AISO may discontinue, upgrade, replace, modify, or change in any way, without limitation, any software, service, application, program, data, hardware, equipment, or portions or components thereof, used to provide customers with AISO's services. Certain changes to AISO's services may affect the operation of customers' personalized applications and content. Each customer is solely responsible, and AISO is not liable, for any and all such personalized applications and content, except as expressly agreed to by AISO.
Backup of Data
Except where AISO has expressly agreed in writing to the contrary, customers are solely and entirely responsible, and AISO is in NO way responsible, for the management and backup of all customer data, and all updates, upgrades, and patches to any software that customers use in connection with AISO services. You are responsible to make any back-ups of electronically stored data which you have created or maintain. AISO assumes no responsibility for lost or corrupted software or data.
Third Party Licenses
AISO makes a reasonable effort to provide customers with technologies, developments, and innovations (collectively "Technologies"), part of which may be licensed, or co-branded, from or by, third party entities. However, AISO makes NO warranty of any kind, either express or implied, regarding the quality, accuracy, reliability, validity, or continued existence of any or all aspects of such Technologies. Moreover, AISO specifically disclaims all warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose for such Technologies. Furthermore, no customer will hold AISO liable in any way for the revocation of any license, which has been licensed to AISO. The use of the Technologies obtained from or through AISO, or any other referred third party, whether directly or indirectly, is at the sole risk of customers.
Non-AISO Products
Any mention of non-AISO products by AISO, its employees, or any third party entity related to AISO is for information purposes only and does not constitute an endorsement or recommendation by AISO. AISO disclaims any and all liabilities for any representation or warranty made by the vendors of such non-AISO products or services.
AISO's Intellectual Property
Customers will not, without AISO's express written consent, copy, reproduce, republish, or otherwise use any material, in whole or in part, that is located on AISO's Web site, AISO related documents, media, and/or publishing's; and customers will not use any of AISO's trademarks, service marks, copyrighted materials, or other intellectual property without AISO's express written consent. Customers will not, in any way, misrepresent their relationship with AISO, attempt to pass themselves off as AISO, or claim that customers are AISO.
Assignment
Customers may not assign or delegate their rights or obligations under the TOS or other agreement for AISO's services, either in whole or in part, without the prior written consent of AISO.
Minimum Age Requirement
AISO customers must be at least 18 years of age. Any individual under the age of 18 years ("Minor") must have a parent or guardian accept the TOS in order for the Minor to become a AISO customer. A parent or guardian who accepts the TOS on behalf of a Minor will be primarily liable for ensuring complete and proper compliance with the TOS, including the timely and full payment of the charges for AISO services, and such primary liability will continue even when the Minor has attained the age of 18, unless the parent or guardian obtains AISO's express written consent to the contrary. Any acceptance of the TOS or any other agreement for AISO's services will be deemed null and void to the extent that AISO will not be liable in any way as a result of the Minor's age or legal incapacity or the Minor's use of AISO's services.
Governing Law and Severability
The TOS, and any other agreement for AISO services, will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, USA without reference to its conflicts of laws principles. Any litigation or arbitration between a customer and AISO will take place in California, County of Riverside and the customer will consent to personal jurisdiction and venue in that jurisdiction. If any provision or portion of the TOS or other AISO agreement is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable for any reason, the remainder of the TOS or the agreement will continue in full force and effect.
Force Majeure
AISO will not be liable for delays in its performance of the TOS or AISO services caused by circumstances beyond AISO's reasonable control, including acts of God, wars, insurrection, civil commotions, riots, national disasters, earthquakes, strikes, fires, floods, water damage, explosions, shortages of labor or materials, labor disputes, transportation problems, accidents, embargoes, or governmental restrictions (collectively "Force Majeure"). AISO will make reasonable efforts to reduce to a minimum and mitigate the effect of any Force Majeure. Notwithstanding anything contained elsewhere herein, lack of finances will not be considered an event of Force Majeure nor will any event of Force Majeure suspend any obligation of customers for the payment of money due. Waiver and Amendment Any waiver, modification, or amendment of any provision of the TOS or other agreement for AISO services, initiated by a customer, will be effective only if accepted in writing and signed by an authorized representative of AISO.
Independent Contractors
Nothing in this Agreement will be construed as creating a partnership or relationship of employer and employee, principal and agent, partnership or joint venture between AISO and its customers. Each of AISO and its customers will be deemed an independent contractor at all times and will have no right or authority to assume or create any obligation on behalf of the other, except as may be expressly provided herein.
Construction and Interpretation
Wherever in this TOS the masculine, feminine, or neuter gender is used, it will be construed as including all genders, and wherever the singular is used, it will be deemed to include the plural and vice versa, where the context so requires. The division of the TOS into sections/paragraphs, and the insertion of headings/captions, are for convenience of reference only and will not affect the construction or interpretation of the TOS. Any rule of construction to the effect that any ambiguity is to be resolved against the drafting party will not be applicable in the construction or interpretation of the TOS.
Complete Agreement and Exclusivity
The TOS, and/or any other specific agreement for AISO services, constitutes the complete understanding and agreement between AISO and its customers. Except when expressly agreed to the contrary in signed writing by an authorized representative of AISO, the TOS supersedes any other written (including digitized/computerized) agreement, oral agreement, and/or agreement by conduct. This TOS, and/or any other specific agreement for AISO services is between AISO and its customers only and will not confer any rights in any third party except as otherwise expressly provided by AISO.
H. All AISO Customers Domain Registration/Transfer Terms of Service
The following Terms Of Service apply to ALL AISO customers who have their domain registration with us:
If you are registering or transferring a domain name you must also agree to the Domain Name Registration Agreement. Domains shall be renewed at the same price as new registrations. The current domain registration or transfer pricing is displayed on our website. Domain renewal reminders will be sent in advance of expiration via e-mail to the address stored in your client area. Should an expired domain enter the redemption period, the cost of restoring the domain varies and can incur a redemption fee of up to $350. Redemption fees can change at any time and without notice. We will send you e-mail non-payment notices that your invoice was not paid for your domain registartion.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
All of AISO.Net's pages are protected by Copyscape, and we will detect plagiarism to protect ourselves against anyone stealing our content via Copysentry.
Page copy protected against web site content infringement by Copyscape
Trademarks
AISO's company, brand and product identifiers are trademarks or registered trademarks of Affordable Internet Services Online, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
These trademarked terms must be identified as trademarks of Affordable Internet Services Online, Inc. using the appropriate symbol (® or ™) at the first occurrence in any published communications, printed or electronic, including advertising, promotions, packaging, technical documentation, sales and marketing collateral, and product labels. In addition, the terms must also be listed, identified and attributed as the property of Affordable Internet Services Online, Inc.
If you have questions regarding the use and identification of Affordable Internet Services Online, Inc. trademarks, please contact Affordable Internet Services Online, Inc.'s Support department at support@aiso.net.
All contents of this web site are Copyright © Affordable Internet Services Online, Inc. All Rights Reserved. No portion of this Web Site may be reproduced, copied, and/or used in any form without prior written permission.
AISO, the AISO logo and the slogan "Web Hosting As Nature Intended" are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of Affordable Internet Services Online, Inc.. Other trademarks, registered trademarks, brands, services and product names are the properties of their respective owners.
Revised: 08/14/2020
facebook
twitter
Our Green, Solar Powered Network.
SERVER ROOM TEMP
DEW POINT
HEAT INDEX
REL. HUMIDITY
WIND
BAROMETER
Choose.
Shared Hosting
Reseller Hosting
Cloud VPS
Dedicated Servers
Start.
WordPress Hosting
Joomla Hosting
Magento Hosting
Drupal Hosting
Ask.
(800) 781-9004
(951) 928-8190
25655 LOUISA LANE - ROMOLAND, CA 92585 - USA
|
LOCAL: (951) 928-8190 - TOLL FREE: (800) 781-9004
© 1997- AFFORDABLE INTERNET SERVICES ONLINE, INC. | TOS | Privacy Policy