http://www.dialoguemachine.com/privacy/
dialogue: conversation between two or more persons
machine: a system or device that performs a human task
dialoguemachine: building speech recognition applications that perform for your company
home commercial speech technical contact
privacy
At dialoguemachine we recognise that privacy is important. This document outlines the types of personal information we receive and collect when you use our services, as well as some of the steps we take to safeguard information. We hope this will help you make an informed decision about sharing personal information with us.
personal information and other data we collect
dialoguemachine collects personal information when you register for our service or otherwise voluntarily provide such information. We may combine personal information collected from you with information from other dialoguemachine services or third parties to provide a better user experience, including customising content for you.
dialoguemachine uses cookies and other technologies to enhance your online experience and to learn about how you use our services in order to improve the quality of our services.
dialoguemachine's servers automatically record information when you visit our web site or use some of our products, including the URL, IP address, browser type and language, and the date and time of your request.
uses
We may use personal information to provide the services you've requested, including services that display customised content
We may also use personal information for auditing, research and analysis to operate and improve dialoguemachine technologies and services.
We may share aggregated non-personal information with third parties outside of dialoguemachine.
When we use third parties to assist us in processing your personal information, we require that they comply with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures.
We may also share information with third parties in limited circumstances, including when complying with legal process, preventing fraud or imminent harm, and ensuring the security of our network and services.
dialoguemachine processes personal information on our servers in the United Kingdom and in other countries. In some cases, we process personal information on a server outside your own country.
your choices
You may decline to provide personal information to us and/or refuse cookies in your browser, although some of our features or services may not function properly as a result.
We make good faith efforts to provide you access to your personal information upon request and to let you correct such data if it is inaccurate and delete it, when reasonably possible.
For more information about our privacy practices, or if you have any questions, please
contact us at support@dialoguemachine.com
about  |  terminology  |  legal  |  privacy  |  carbon  |  logon  |  © dialoguemachine 2002-2020