http://www.ciwcertified.com/about-ciw/privacy
Privacy Policy | CIW
Find Training
(800) 228-1027
Login
Store Login
uCertify Login
CTC Online Login
Candidate Login
Wish List (0)
Shopping Cart (0)
Checkout
Home
About CIW
CIW Certifications
ICT Essentials
Store
Career Center
About CIW
> Privacy Policy
About CIW
Who Teaches CIW?
Colleges/Universities
High Schools
Middle Schools
Training Centers
Training Partners
U.K. and Ireland
China and Taiwan
Bootcamps
College Degree Programs
Training Locator
uCertify Platform
Self-Study Students
Courseware & Supplemental Materials
Success Stories
Academic
Professional
Academic Funding
U.S. Academic Funding
U.K. Academic Funding
Scotland
Teacher Resources
Instructor Development Program
Become a CIW Certified Instructor (CI)
Calendar
Classroom Requirements
Prof. Dev. for Business Teachers
CIW Blog
Webinars
CIW in Social Media
CIW Program FAQ
Executive Team
Contact Us
About CIW
Who Teaches CIW?
College Degree Programs
Training Locator
uCertify Platform
Self-Study Students
Courseware & Supplemental Materials
Success Stories
Academic Funding
Teacher Resources
CIW Blog
Webinars
CIW in Social Media
CIW Program FAQ
Executive Team
Contact Us
CIW Blog
New CIW JavaScript Specialist 2.0 Now Available
General Dynamics Needs a CIW Certified Web Developer at the Pentagon
Loui Consulting Group is Looking for a CIW Certified Sharepoint Developer
New Jobs Requesting a CIW Certification from General Dynamics, Segue Technologies, and Falconwood
CIW Network Technology Associate Certification Holder Needed at University of Phoenix in Dallas, TX
Privacy Policy
We are always conscious and respectful of your personal privacy. At Certification Partners, we recognize the importance of protecting your personal information. We will ensure that our relationship with you is as private as you want it to be.
This Privacy Policy will answer your questions about the kind of information we collect and how we use it. If you have any further questions or comments, contact us at privacy@Certification-Partners.com.
Q: What information do you gather and how do you use it?
A: We collect information about you from correspondence you submit, purchases you make, telephone contacts, applications on file, and visits to our Web sites. When you visit our Web sites, we may access additional information, such as your service provider, browser type, operating system, pages accessed on our Web site, and dates and times of access to optimize your user experience and enhance your time spent with us online. When you send us an e-mail, we retain the content of the e-mail, your e-mail address and our response in order to handle any follow-up questions you may have. We also use this information to measure how effectively we address your concerns.
Depending on the nature of your transaction, we may ask you for any of the following information:
Name and address
E-mail address
Credit/debit card number, security code and expiration date (information is not maintained after transaction is completed)
Billing address
Shipping address
Phone/fax number
Social Security Number (used for identification only)
Employer
Education
Certifications held
Product information
We may ask you to voluntarily provide us with information regarding your personal or professional interests, demographics, experience with our products and contact preferences. This information may be combined with information about you that we gathered from other offline sources. We use the information to design offers customized to your interests. For example, you may receive a special offer to purchase new products or information on a new certification.
Q. With whom do you share my personal information?
A: We do not sell your name or other private profile information to third parties. We may share your information with our partners. You may request not to have information provided to our partners.
We may share anonymous, aggregated information about all our users with third parties.
Q. How might Certification Partners communicate with me
Certification Partners may periodically conduct individual voluntary customer surveys via e-mail. We encourage our customers to participate in these surveys because they provide us with important feedback that helps us to improve the types of services we offer and how we provide them to you. Certification Partners may contact you by phone if we have a specific question about an order you have placed.
Q: How is personal information used?
A: Unless you have requested otherwise, Certification Partners and participating partners may use and share personal information in various ways, including the following:
To provide information as is necessary to fulfill the fundamental purpose of our products and services. This includes providing information to companies that work for Certification Partners or others providing services through this site, such as printing and distributions companies. These companies are required to keep the information provided to them confidential.
To identify users of Certification Partners products and services that may be interested in offers of goods and services that are suited to their needs and interests, both from Certification Partners and from other parties;
In response to a lawful request issued by a court, government agency or regulatory authority with jurisdiction to make the request, or to otherwise comply with legal requirements.
Q. How is my information protected?
A: We use the latest technologies to secure your transactions. We use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption to protect financial transactions. We do not maintain an online file containing your credit card number. Your credit card number is stored in our database server only long enough to complete the transaction with the credit card company. When the transaction is complete, your credit card number is deleted from online storage. We provide password protection when you access your account information.
Q: What if I have a question or problem?
A: Certification Partners is committed to preserving the privacy of its customers. We have described the manner in which we collect and use personal information. We have provided you with choices regarding our use of personal information. In the event that you have concerns or questions regarding our use of personal information or this policy, or if you have any problems arising out of performance pursuant to this policy, they should be directed to privacy@Certification-Partners.com.
Q: How can I update or delete my information?
A: If you want to request that we update or delete your personal information in regard to Certification Partners products and services, send your request to privacy@Certification-Partners.com.
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, you can contact:
Certification Partners, LLC
Attn: Privacy Department
1230 W. Washington St., Suite 208Tempe, AZ 85281
FAX:
(602) 275-1603
privacy@Certification-Partners.com
Q: What about the other sites to which you link?
Portions of our Web site may contain links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site, and to read the privacy statements of each Web site that collects personally identifiable information.
Q: What if I do not agree to your privacy policy? Will this policy change?
By using this site, you signify your consent to the Certification Partners online privacy policy. Certification Partners reserves the right to make changes to the privacy statement at its sole discretion. Such changes, if any, will be posted at this location. We recommend that you occasionally review this posted privacy statement for changes.
Privacy PolicySitemapCTP Home
FAQContact UsStoreCIW Certifications
©1999-2020
Certification Partners. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.