http://www.applytools.com/privacy.html
FREE CGI SCRIPTS | SITE PROMOTION | DATABASE HOSTING | DOMAIN-NAMES | SEARCH ENGINE REPORT | LINK POPULARITY
Your Ad Here
Search
Features
Jump to:
--------
What's New
Free Scripts
Products
Services
Site map
Affiliate Program
Link to us
About Us
Webmaster Tools
Email List Manager
Feedback Form
Live Spider Search
Refer-A-Friend
Traffic Saver
Services
Affiliate Program
Web Design
Script Installs
Script Support
Expired Domains
Link Validator
Web-Bug Detector
Domain Search
Reseller Program
Resources
Free Downloads
Suggest a Tool
Resource Links
Link to us
Privacy policy
We have created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy.
The following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for this web site.
Information Automatically Logged
We may use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our Web site. At no
time is your IP address used to identify you as an individual.
Cookies
Our Site may use cookies to make sure you don't see the same advertisement repeatedly. We also use cookies to determine which areas
of the site are most successful, by the number of visitors they attract. Cookies are not neccesary to use this site.
Advertisers
We use an outside ad company to display ads on our site. These ads may contain cookies.
While we use cookies in other parts of our web site, cookies received with banner ads are collected by our ad company,
and we do not have access to this information.
Newsletter
Your e-mail address is used solely for the purpose of distributing the newsletter. We will never share your e-mail address with third parties.
External Links
This site contains links to other sites. applytools.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the
content of such Web sites.
Special Relationships
applytools.com may engage in business partner in which content is exchanged quid pro quo.
In such instances when you are still operating in the applytools.com domain but are engaged
in interfacing with the software of a business affiliate, you are covered and protected by this
privacy policy.
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control.
If you would like more information regarding the lengths we go to to protect your privacy, send us e-mail at the address listed at the bottom
of the page.
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this web site, you can contact:
Contact Us.
©2001-2004
Apply Marketing Inc.
Network of sites.
All rights reserved.
Home|Suggest a Tool/Resource|Site Map|
Contact Us|
Privacy Statement