http://www.crossriver.com/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Cross River
Privacy Policy
Effective Date: 2/9/2020
Introduction
Cross River Bank knows that you expect privacy and security for your personal financial information. This privacy policy is designed to inform you of the types of information we collect from our customers and visitors to our website, how we use that information, and the circumstances under which we will share it with third parties. Please note that the sharing of your nonpublic personal information in accordance with the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (15 U.S. Code § 6801), and its implementing regulations, is detailed in Cross River Bank’s Privacy Notice found on the homepage of our website (https://www.crossriver.com/privacy-notice).
The website is not intended for nor directed to individuals that are deemed to be children.  We request that such individuals not use our website.
We Respect Your Privacy
Cross River Bank respects your privacy and is committed to treating your information responsibly. We understand the need to safeguard sensitive information that you provide to us. We treat our customers’, former customers’, and consumers’ nonpublic personal information and the information we collect and use from visitors to our website as described in this Privacy Policy.  For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, nonpublic personal information means any personally identifiable financial information provided by a customer or consumer to Cross River Bank as a financial institution, resulting from any transaction or any service performed for the customer or consumer, or otherwise obtained by Cross River Bank as a financial institution.
Information Collection
We collect customer or consumer information from the following sources: (1) information we receive from you on applications or other forms, such as your name, address, social security number, assets, and income, (2) information about your transactions with us or others that may include our lending partners, Fintech clients, and service providers, such as your account balance, payment history, and parties to transactions, debit card usage, and (3) information we receive from third parties, including consumer reporting agencies, such as your creditworthiness and credit history, and lending partners, Fintech clients, and service providers.  We use this information to provide our products and services to you, to improve our products and services offerings, to communicate with you about our products and services as well as other products and services that may be of interest to you, to comply with legal requirements, and to perform other legitimate business purposes.
Our online services use features of your Internet browser called “cookies.” Cookies are files that are placed in your computer’s browser memory or placed on your hard drive. We may use these features on our website or online banking service to verify your identity, to remember personal settings including your preferences, to offer you additional options or enhance your online experience, and to improve our products and services. We also use them for our own analytics, marketing, website optimization, website personalization, and tracking of online applications and programs. Our server recognizes and records the domain name from which visitors to our website accessed the Internet and the names of the pages visited while at our website. We also may use cookies to track the effectiveness of advertisements for Cross River Bank products and services, referred to as banner ads that we may place on Cross River Bank websites. Cookies used for tracking advertising effectiveness do not collect nonpublic personal or confidential information.  If you are concerned about our use of cookies, you may be able to set your browser to decline cookies.  However, if you choose to block cookies, certain features of our website may not function correctly. We also use technologies, such as pixels, to track the activity on our website. Pixels (also known as pixel tags, clear GIFs, or web beacons) are small blocks of code that enable websites to perform functions, such as place cookies or collect information.
We do not respond to web browser Do Not Track signals.
Information Sharing with Third Party Service Providers and Joint Marketers
Cross River Bank may disclose the information we collect, as described above, to companies that perform marketing services on our behalf or to other financial institutions with whom we have joint marketing arrangements. The third-party service providers who receive this information, such as loan stress testers and companies that originate or service loans, are required to use the information we share with them only to provide services to us, or as otherwise permitted by law.
We also utilize third party service providers to conduct analytics on our website, such as Google Analytics.  You may learn more about Google Analytics’ data practices by clicking here and opt out of the use of cookies in web browsers by Google Analytics by clicking here. We also share information about your use of our website with our trusted social media, advertising, and analytics partners.
You may opt out of certain of our and our joint marketing partners’ targeted marketing practices by exercising choices made available to you at the Network Advertising Initiative Consumer Opt-Out Page at www.networkadvertising.org/choices, the Digital Advertising Alliance Consumer Choice page at www.aboutads.info/consumers, the Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada Consumer Choice page at www.youradchoices.ca/choices, or the Interactive Advertising Bureau Europe Your Online Choices page at http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/.  Please note that any opt out will apply only to the specific browser or device from which you opt out. You will need to opt out separately on all of your browsers and devices. Even if you choose to opt out of receiving targeted advertising, you may still receive advertising, but it will not be tailored to you.
Information Sharing
Other than as described above, Cross River Bank does not share customer information with any affiliated or nonaffiliated third parties except as permitted by law. An example of when Cross River Bank may share customer information as permitted by law would be to complete a transaction you requested, such as ordering a property appraisal as a part of your loan application. Another example would be reporting your annual interest, earned or paid, to the IRS.
Maintenance of Accurate Information
We have established procedures designed to ensure that your customer information is as accurate and complete as possible. To review your customer information for accurateness or completeness, or if you believe that our records contain inaccurate or incomplete information about you, please contact us by calling toll-free at 1-877-55CRB55 or by sending a written inquiry to Cross River Bank c/o Online Banking Department; 885 Teaneck Rd., Teaneck, NJ 07666. You may also email your request to privacy@crossriverbank.com. We will review your inquiry and assist with verifying your information and rectify or update your information accordingly.
EU User Rights
The European Union (“EU”) General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) lays down rules relating to the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data.  For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, personal data means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person.  To exercise any of the rights described below, please contact us by calling toll-free at 1-877-55CRB55; by sending a written inquiry to Cross River Bank c/o Online Banking Department, 885 Teaneck Rd., Teaneck, NJ 07666; or emailing us at privacy@crossriverbank.com.
Right to Access, Rectification, or Erasure. You have the right to access, update, correct, or delete your personal data. You also have the right to rectify any inaccuracies in your personal data.
Right to Restrict Data Processing. You have the right to restrict the processing of your personal data upon request if it is (a) inaccurate or unlawful, (b) under contest, or (c) no longer being processed for the original purpose. Cross River Bank may continue to process the data if it is necessary to resolve legal claims, for the protection of the rights of another person, or for reasons of important public interest. If Cross River Bank objects to the restriction of data processing, we will notify you promptly after receiving your request.
Right to Data Portability. You have the right to request and obtain your personal data that you provided to us or that we collected through your consent or contractual agreements. We will provide your information in a commonly used, machine-readable format promptly, but no longer than 90 days from the initial request depending on the complexity and volume of requests. If circumstances arise where we are unable to complete your request, we will promptly provide a relevant explanation, as well as inform you of additional steps that you may take.
Retaining Your Personal Information and Data. We will retain your personal data to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. We will retain your personal information for as long as needed to provide you with Cross River Bank services, but no longer than the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy.
Receiving Promotional and Other Communications. We will obtain your consent before sending you promotional, newsletter, or product information emails that we feel may interest you. We may obtain consent from you through a website contact or consent form or by email. You may opt out by either checking the relevant box on the communication consent form, by following the optout instructions provided in our emails to you, or by emailing us with your specific request. If you opt out, we may still send you non-promotional communications, such as security alerts and notices related to your access to or use of any Cross River Bank products or services or about our ongoing business relations.
Withdrawing Your Consent. You may withdraw any consent you previously provided to us for the processing of your personal data. As required by applicable law, we will apply your preferences going forward, within a reasonable amount of time. Even where you withdraw your consent, we may still process your personal data for limited purposes, for example, to give effect to your request or to safeguard our business. In some circumstances, withdrawing your consent to our use or disclosure of your personal information will mean that you cannot use our products or services.
Lodging a Complaint with a Supervisory Authority. You have the right to submit a complaint to an EU supervisory authority if you believe that your personal data has been processed in a manner that is not compliant with the GDPR. You also have the right to submit a complaint to an EU supervisory authority if Cross River Bank is unable to comply with your right of data portability or does not respond to your request within a timely manner.
Confidentiality and Security
We restrict access of your customer information to those associates (persons employed by Cross River Bank) who have a business reason for knowing such information. We educate our associates about the importance of confidentiality and privacy of customer and consumer information.
We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards that comply with federal and international standards to protect your customer information from unauthorized access. However, no security program is 100% secure, and thus we cannot guarantee the absolute security of your information.
Your California Privacy Rights
If you are a California resident, California law provides you with specific rights regarding your personal information, including the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months and the right to request that we delete any of your personal information that we have collected from you, subject to certain exceptions.
To make such a request, contact us at privacy@crossriverbank.com, call 1-877-55CRB55, or send a written inquiry to Cross River Bank c/o Online Banking Department; 885 Teaneck Rd., Teaneck, NJ 07666.    Requests must include “California Privacy Rights Request” in the first line of the description and include your name, street address, city, state, and ZIP code. Please note that we are only required to respond to two such requests per customer each year.
If you submit a request, we may ask you to verify your identity by submitting your: name, last name, driver’s license or California card ID number, and account number(s).
Please note that the Bank will make an official request for sensitive identifying information to ensure secure transmission.
You also have the right not to be discriminated against if you exercise any of your rights under California privacy law. You may designate in writing an agent to exercise these rights on your behalf.  Cross River Bank may require you to verify your identity and provide documentation of your agent’s authorization before we respond to your request.
We may have collected the following categories of personal information of California residents in the past 12 months:
•             Identifiers such as a real name, postal address, Internet Protocol address, email address, or other similar identifiers.
•             Categories of personal information described in subdivision (e) of California Civil Code Section 1798.80.
•             Commercial information.
•             Internet or other electronic network activity information.
•             Inferences drawn from any of the information identified above .
This information is collected and used for the purposes disclosed in this Privacy Policy.  Cross River Bank has not sold personal information of California residents in the past 12 months. Cross River Bank may have disclosed any of the above categories of personal information pursuant to an individual’s consent or under a written contract with a service provider for a business purpose in the past 12 months.
In Summary
We appreciate your business and want you to understand our commitment to maintaining the privacy of your customer information, as expressed in this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy applies only to individual customers and consumers and not to businesses.
We reserve the right to amend the Privacy Policy at any time. If you have questions, please contact Customer Service at 1-877-55CRB55 or email privacy@crossriverbank.com.
Contact
Footer menu
Company Overview
Newsroom
Compliance
Careers
Contact
Services > Third-Party
Marketplace Lending
Cross River Operating System
Payments
Services > Direct
Capital Markets
Deposits / CDs
Commercial Real Estate
Small Business Lending
Legal
Privacy Policy
Privacy Notice
FDIC
EQH
Heter Iska
Accessibility
Regulation E Protections
Business Security
Consumer Security
Mortgage Servicing
Connect With Us
CSS