http://www.blizzarddigital.com/privacy.aspx
Contact Us
Blizzard Digital Privacy Policy
Updated: 05/18/2010
Information Release
Blizzard Digital respects your privacy. We will not share, disclose or sell confidential information to any third parties unless said parties are directly involved in the fulfillment of a client's project and we have consent, implied or written. If information is requested by any law enforcement agency and the information could be used to prevent or solve a crime then we will generally disclose the information even if we are not obligated. Obviously any disclosure required by law will be satisfied by Blizzard Digital.
Email Contact
We consider a request for information about our company or services as permission to send more information as long as the information is relevant to a request for information. We honor all requests to cease communication. Subscribers to our newsletters will always have an option to unsubscribe included in each newsletter. Blizzard Digital fights SPAM every day, we understand the burden SPAM creates and we do not engage in any unsolicited email campaigns.
Logging and Cookies
Our web servers track anonymous visitor information. This information includes, but is not limited to, IP addresses, page visits, browser details, timestamps and referring pages. This information is not used to identify, and is generally not capable of identifying specific visitors to our sites. The information is tracked for routine administration, maintenance, and analytics purposes. If you access any server pages that require login credentials then you could be personally tracked during the logged session.
Comments Testimonials and Work History
Blizzard Digital reserves the right to use customer comments in marketing materials, advertising and promotions. We will generally ask permission if we are attributing a complete personal name. Affiliations, jobs, and project scope might be used for sales and marketing unless a non-disclosure was agreed to before the work or project was started.
HomeBlogContact Us
706-889-1098
HomeAbout UsBlogTerms of ServicePrivacy PolicyContact Us
Ellijay, GA 30540
North of Atlanta, GeorgiaSouth of Chattanooga, Tennessee
© 2020 Blizzard Digital