http://www.transcat.com/about-us/privacy-policy
Home
About Us
Privacy Policy
Privacy PolicyTRANSCAT respects your privacy and is committed to protecting it. We provide this Privacy Statement to inform you of our privacy policy and practices and of the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. We've structured our web site so that, in general, you can visit Transcat on the web without identifying yourself or revealing any personal information.
When you provide your personal information to Transcat (such as name, address, phone number, company name, email address, credit card number, or the products you are shopping for or purchasing) we will not give or sell your individual information to any outside company for its use in marketing or solicitation. We will maintain the confidentiality of your personal information and it will be used only to support your customer relationship with Transcat, including marketing email communications. Additionally, internal practices help protect your privacy by limiting employee access to and use of customer data.
If you receive our email communications, you may, at any time, opt out of some or all email communications.
Transcat will not sell any personally identifiable information to any third party.
This includes but is not limited to
IP addresses and other information (browser, platform, referral URL etc.) contained in web server logs, E-mail addresses contained in messages sent to us, credit card or other financial information, names, addresses, telephone numbers, etc.
Third Party Cookies and Tracking: We may utilize third party tracking software or utilities, such as Google Analytics. Third party cookies may be used in this process to track anonymous data, which is described in more detail under our section on cookies.
Cookies: We may place a cookie on your hard drive in order to identify you at a later time when you return to our web site. The cookie that we place on your computer will contain only an identifying number that we assign to you. It will contain no other personal information. Third party cookies may be used.
Remarketing: Our ads are shown on the internet through third party vendors, such as Google. Cookies are used to show ads based on a user's previous visits to our web site.
Click here to opt out of Google's use of cookies, or click here to opt out of a third party vendor's use of cookies.
Children's Privacy Protection
Transcat takes special care to protect the privacy needs of children under the age of 13 and encourages parents to be an active participant in their child's online activities and interests. We abide by the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) requirements and Transcat will not knowingly collect data from them. If we discover personal data from a child we will eliminate that data immediately.
Your Consent
By using our Web site, you consent to the collection and use of this information by Transcat. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.
About UsPrivacy PolicySecurity Policy
Compare Products
item(s)
Remove This Item
Compare
Clear All
You have no items to compare.
My Saved Items
Last Added Items
Add to Cart
Add to Cart
Remove This Item
Go to Wish List
You have no items in your wish list.