https://www.zenops.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Our Commitment To Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
The Information We Collect
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the website. On some pages, you can make requests, and register to receive materials. The types of personal information collected at these pages are:
Name
Address
Email address
Phone number
The Way We Use Information
We use the information you provide about yourself when placing an order only to complete that request for information. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that process.
We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.
You can register with our website if you would like to receive our newsletter as well as updates on our new products and services. Information you submit on our website will not be used for this purpose unless you fill out the applicable registration form.
We use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our website but we would not disclose anything that could be used to identify those individuals.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
Our Commitment To Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How You Can Access Or Correct Your Information
You can inquire about all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain by contacting us. We use this procedure to better safeguard your information.
You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows error.
To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
Our Data Controller
ZENOPS: Harmonious Workflow handles Personal Data as both a Processor and a Controller as defined in the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) approved on April 27th, 2016, and enacted on May 25th, 2018. This data is stored exclusively in secure hosting facilities in accordance with the requirements set forth by GDPR.
International Privacy Laws
If you are visiting the website from outside United States, please be aware that you are sending personal information to United States. Depending on the type of information and how it is stored by us, that information may be transferred within United States or to other countries outside of your country of residence. While these countries, including United States, may not have data protection laws as protective as those in your country of residence, our collection, storage, and use of your personal information will at all times be governed by this Privacy Policy.
For personal information we receive from the EEA, ZENOPS has certified its compliance with GDPR regarding the collection, use, and storage of personal information from the European Union countries.
How To Access, Correct, or Delete Your Information
You can contact us to inquire about your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain. We use this procedure to better safeguard your information.
You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows error(s).
You can inquire about deleting the information that ZENOPS has about you by contacting us.
To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
If you have any questions, please contact us at:
455 Moraga Road Suite IMoraga, CA 94556Phone:
844-377-5257E-mail: help@zenops.com
Share this:
Twitter
Facebook
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. Unless you've selected "Allow", our website will deactivate the cookies session by default.AllowRead more