http://www.kme.co.uk/kent-modular-electronics-ltd-privacy-policy
Privacy Policy and GDPR
This privacy policy sets out how Kent Modular Electronics Ltd (KME) uses and protects any information that you give when you use this website.
Kent Modular Electronics Ltd is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
Kent Modular Electronics Ltd may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 13/05/2018.
GDPR Compliance 2018
Kent Modular Electronics Ltd collects personal information when you provide your contact details, enquire about our products or ask for a quote or place an order for our products or services. The purpose for us holding this data is it allows us to form a sales ‘contract’ with you. We will use this information to provide the products/services requested and maintain accurate records.
We may from time to time send marketing e-mails and flyers/brochures to you and we do so as we believe that this is in our legitimate company interest as well as your legitimate interest. You can opt out of our marketing at any time.
Kent Modular Electronics Ltd will not share your information for marketing purposes with third parties.
We use certain non-personally-identifiable information (such as anonymous usage data, cookies, IP addresses, browser type, clickstream data, and user location) to improve the quality and design of the website and to create new features, promotions, functionality, and services by storing, tracking, and analysing user preferences and trends.
We may collect the following information:
Name
Contact information including email address
Demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
Other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
What we do with the information we gather:
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping
We may use the information to improve our products and services
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products or services, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided
We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests
Show our ads on sites across the Internet based on someone’s past visits to our website (remarketing)
The remarketing or similar audiences featured in AdWords & Facebook allows us to reach people who previously visited our website, and match the right people with the right message
What is the right to erasure?
Individuals have a right to have their data erased and for processing to cease in the following circumstances:
Where the personal data is no longer necessary in relation to the purpose for which it was originally collected and / or processed
Where consent is withdrawn
Where the individual objects to processing and there is no overriding legitimate interest for continuing the processing
The personal data was unlawfully processed or otherwise breached data protection laws
To comply with a legal obligation
Questions about your privacy? Please Contact Us
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
Whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes
If you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or contacting us
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. If you would like a copy of the information held on you, then please contact us