https://www.nexor.com/privacy-policy/
+44 (0) 115 952 0500
info@nexor.com
Twitter
RSS
Twitter
RSS
Privacy and Cookie Policy
The legal bit
Nexor respects your privacy
Any personal information you provide us through our contact form or any other form including and similar to your name, address, organisation, telephone number and e-mail address will not be released, sold, or rented to any entities or individuals outside Nexor.
We collect your information so that we can contact you, or your company, for marketing purposes. If you wish to opt out of being contacted, then please contact us, and we will remove your details.
We protect your information using good practice security, independently assessed to meet the requirements of ISO 27001 and Cyber Essentials Plus.
External sites
Nexor is not responsible for the content of external Internet sites that are linked to from this site. You are advised to read the privacy policy of external sites before disclosing any personal information.
Cookies
Like millions of other websites, we use Google Analytics on www.nexor.com.
Google Analytics is a piece of software that grabs data about our visitors (you). It’s something like an advanced server log.
What does Google Analytics record?
What website you came from to get here;
How long you stay for;
What kind of computer you’re using;
And quite a bit more.
What do we do with your data?
The tracking information allows us to better understand the kind of people who come to our site and what content they are reading. This allows us to make better decisions about design and writing to provide more information of interest to our visitors.
Occasionally, we will compile aggregate statistics about the number of visitors this site receives and browsers being used. No personally identifying data is included in this type of reporting.
All of our activity falls within the bounds of the Google Analytics Terms of Service.
Remember the risks whenever you use the Internet
While we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of any information that you transmit to Nexor and you are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of any passwords or other account information.
In addition, other Internet sites or services that may be accessible through Nexor have separate data and privacy practices independent of us, and therefore we disclaim any responsibility or liability for their policies or actions. Please contact those vendors and others directly if you have any questions about their privacy policies.
For any other information please contact us.
TALK TO ONE OF OUR EXPERTS
Talk To One Of Our Experts
Name
*
Email
Phone
I'm interested in
*
Secure Information Exchange solutions
Consultancy
Engineering
Cyber Resilience as a Managed Service (CRaaMS)
Technology Integration
Nexor Citadel
Nexor Border Gateway
Nexor Data Diode
Nexor Guardian
Nexor Sentinel
Military Messaging Handling Systems (MMHS)
Information Exchange Gateways (IEGs)
Industrial Control Systems (ICS)
If you are human, leave this field blank.
We value your privacy
RECENT BLOG POSTS
A day in the life of a CISO
Dec 8, 2020What does a CISO at an SME do during their working day? A CISO – Chief Information Security Officer – at an SME is responsible for security operations, securing the business, its technology, and its initiatives, and leading the business’s information security...
Zero Trust – It’s An Architectural State of Mind
Nov 25, 2020What Is Zero Trust? The term ‘Zero Trust’ was first coined by John Kindervag in 2010, building off a concept put forward by David Lacey at the Jericho Forum, an international group founded in 2004 that worked to promote deperimeterization. Deperimeterization means to...
What Is A Cyber Threat Actor?
Nov 16, 2020You may see the term ‘threat actor’ within risk assessments or other articles - but what is a threat actor? Threat actors are people or entities who are responsible for an incident that impacts the cyber security of another person or organisation. Cyber threat actors...
Be the first to know about developments in secure information exchange
Stay Informed Footer
Full Name
*
Email Address
*
If you are human, leave this field blank.
We value your privacy Find out more >
LEGAL
Privacy & Cookie Policy
Copyright © 2020 Nexor All rights reserved.
Nexor, SIXA and CyberShield Secure are registered trademarks of Nexor Limited.
Registered in England, No. 05152465.
Twitter
RSS
Designed by Elegant Themes | Powered by WordPress
Take our Cyber Security Health Check Today!
Get your Score
×
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Reject Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.