https://www.vpedal.com/privacy-statement/
Home / Privacy Statement
vPedal Privacy Statement
vPedal and its partners are committed to respecting and protecting your privacy. We’ve structured our web sites so that, in general, you can visit vPedal on the Web without identifying yourself or revealing any personal information.
Once you choose to provide us with any information by which you can be identified, you can be assured that it will only be used to support your customer relationship with vPedal.
Awareness
vPedal provides this Privacy Statement to make you aware of our privacy policy, practices and of the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used.
What we collect
At the vPedal web site, you can order products, make requests.The types of personal information collected at these pages are name, contact and billing information, transaction information.
In order to tailor our subsequent communications to you and continuously improve our products, we may also ask you to provide us with information regarding your personal or professional interests, demographics, experience with our products.
How we use it
vPedal uses your information to better understand your needs and provide you with better service.Specifically, we use your information to help you complete a transaction, to communicate back to you.Credit card numbers are used only for payment processing by third parties and are not retained by vPedal.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research or to provide you with marketing information we think would be of particular interest.At a minimum, we will always give you the opportunity to opt out of receiving such direct marketing or market research contact.We will also follow local requirements, such as allowing you to opt in before receiving unsolicited contact, where applicable.
Who we share it with
vPedal will not sell, rent, or lease your personally identifiable information to others. Unless we have your permission or are required by law, we will only share the personal data you provide online with other vPedal entities and/or business partners who are acting on our behalf for the uses.Such vPedal entities and/or business partners, including those in the United States and/or any other countries, are governed by our privacy policies with respect to the use of this data and are bound by the appropriate confidentiality agreements.
Data collected online may also be combined with information you provide when you register your ownership of vPedal products.
Choice
vPedal will not use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without first letting you know and offering you a choice.As previously stated, we will also provide you the opportunity to let us know if you do not wish to receive unsolicited direct marketing materials from us and we will do everything we can to honor such requests.Local country laws and policies are applied where they differ from those in Australia.
Accuracy & Access
vPedal strives to keep your personally identifiable information accurate.We will provide you with access to your information,
Links to third party web sites on the site are provided solely as a convenience to you. If you use these links, you will leave the vPedal site.vPedal has not reviewed all of these third party sites and does not control and is not responsible for any of these sites, their content or their privacy policy.Thus, vPedal does not endorse or make any representations about them, or any information, software or other products or materials found there, or any results that may be obtained from using them.If you decide to access any of the third party sites linked to this site, you do so at your own risk.
Security
vPedal is committed to ensuring the security of your information.To prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the appropriate use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Oversight
If you have comments or questions about our privacy policy, please email us with “Privacy” as your subject category.
Go Back