http://www.sandman.com/privacy.html
Toggle cookie consent banner
This site uses cookies to provide the best experience.
Learn More
Accept
Since 1990
Popular Searches:
Handsets
|
Fixing Phone Problems | 25 Pair Cable
|
Cell Phone Pouches
|
RF Elminators
|
Lightning Protection | Auto Dial Phones
Search Our Site:
Check out our new training video on Low Voltage Mounting Bracket Installation.
Home
Knowledgebase
Consulting
Contact Us
About Us
Privacy Policy for sandman.com
sandman.com is committed to preserving the privacy of all visitors to our
website. Please read the following privacy policy to understand how we use and
protect the information that you provide to us.
By calling to place an order, registering to receive our Monthly Tech Tips, or
asking to be notified when a new Catalog is available you consent to the
collection, use and transfer of your information under the terms of this policy.
We only take phone orders. No online ordering is available. Call us to place an
order at 630-980-7710 M-F, from 8:30 to 5 Chicago (Central) time.
Information That We Collect From You
When you ask to get on the Monthly Tech Tips list or place a phone order you may
be asked to provide certain information about yourself including your name,
contact details and provide credit card information (you don't enter that on our
site - we only take phone orders).
We may also collect information about your usage of our website as well as
information about you from e-mails or letters you send to us.
To maintain customer service standards and to assist staff training, we may
record and monitor incoming and outgoing phone calls.
Use of Your Information
Your information will enable us to provide you with the goods or services you
have requested. It will also enable us to contact you where necessary concerning
your orders. We will also use and analyze the information we collect so that we
can administer, support, improve and develop our business.
In particular, we may use your information to contact you about important
changes or developments to the website or our services, only if you chose to
receive our Monthly Tech Tips and new Catalog notifications by email (you have
to request it on our Catalog page, or over the phone). If you change your mind
about our Tech Tips in the future you can opt-out later in any email we send
you.
Disclosure of Your Information
The information you provide to us may be accessed by or given to third parties
who act for us for the purposes set out in this policy or for other purposes
approved by you (like the shipping company). Those parties process information,
fulfill and deliver orders, process credit card payments and provide support
services on our behalf. We may also pass aggregate information on the usage of
our website to third parties but this will not include information that can be
used to identify you.
If our business enters into a joint venture with or is sold to or merged with
another business entity, your information may be disclosed to our new business
partners or owners.
We will always take steps to ensure that your information is used by third
parties in accordance with this policy. Unless required to do so by law, we will
not otherwise share, sell or distribute any of the information you provide to us
without your consent.
Cookies
Cookies are small amounts of information which we may store on your computer.
Our system may issue cookies to your computer when you visit our site. Cookies
allow us to monitor website traffic and to personalize the content of the site
for you. You may set up your computer to reject cookies by following the
relevant instructions which can be found at
www.aboutcookies.org
. In that case,
you may not be able to use certain features on our site.
If you turn off cookies on your computer and sandman.com doesn't work for you,
you can always call us to place an order at 630-980-7710 M-F, from 8:30 to 5
Chicago (Central) time.
Security and Data Retention
We employ security measures to protect your information from access by
unauthorized persons and against unlawful processing, accidental loss,
destruction and damage. We will retain your information for a reasonable period
or as long as the law requires.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
Any changes to our privacy policy in the future will be posted to the website
and, where appropriate, through e-mail notification.
Contact
All comments, queries and requests relating to our use of your information are
welcomed and should be addressed to
sales@sandman.com
Contact Us
|
Privacy Policy
|
Phone: 630-980-7710
Copyright © 2020 sandman.com, Inc.