http://www.epic.org/privacy/medical/dtcltr10.11.05.html
[A PDF version of this document, complete with appendixes, is
available here.] October 11, 2005
Food and Drug Administration
Division of Dockets Management
HFA-305
5630 Fishers Lane, Rm 1061
Rockville, MD 20852 Re: Comments of the Electronic Privacy Information Center on Consumer-Directed
Promotion of Regulated Medical Products / Docket No. 2005N-0354 The Electronic Privacy Information Center West Coast Office ("EPIC")
submits these comments to the Food and Drug Administration Public Hearing
on Consumer-Directed Promotion of Regulated Medical Products.[1]
EPIC is a public interest research center in Washington, D.C. It was established
in 1994 to focus public attention on emerging civil liberties issues and
to protect privacy, the First Amendment, and constitutional values.  EPIC's
West Coast Office is located in San Francisco, CA, and focuses on consumer
privacy issues. We wish to highlight an issue in direct-to-consumer medical marketing that
has not received adequate attention: the use of databases of personal information
to target individuals with medical ailments thorough direct mail or other
forms of direct marketing.  We are concerned that with heightened attention
to traditional mass-circulation print and broadcast advertising will result
in marketers increasing information collection efforts for targeted solicitations.
Already, Florida residents have been targeted for an unsolicited package
of Prozac by mail.  One woman received the Prozac samples despite not have
taken the drug for years.  A sixteen-year old, despite never having taken
Prozac, received a month's supply.[2] There are several reasons why a shift to this marketing channel presents
risks to privacy and consumer welfare:  First, data brokers, companies that
amass personal information and sell it to marketers and others, can enable
targeting of direct-to-consumer advertising to vulnerable populations.
This risk is exacerbated by the fact that, unlike mass-circulation print
and broadcast advertising, targeted solicitations are harder for public
health authorities to monitor.  Second, medical information is often gathered
in a deceptive fashion.  Consumers are often presented with product warranty
or registration cards that solicit medical information, with the false implication
that completing the card is necessary to enjoy protection for a product.
Finally, this medical information is being gathered outside the protections
of the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act's Privacy Regulations.
Individuals who give their medical ailment information to marketers have
no ability to "opt-out" of the data collection, to access their
data or correct it, or order that the data be deleted. The Risk of Targeting Vulnerable Populations The FDA recognizes that, "[s]ome consumer audiences may be more susceptible
to being misled by false or misleading promotion."  In the direct marketing
context, information databases allow marketers to identify susceptible groups
and target them for solicitations.  Data brokers have sold "sucker"
lists, databases of individuals labeled as "impulsive," those
who have fallen for scams, or those otherwise lacking the capacity to evaluate
a marketing representation.  For instance, just last month, DMNews, a leading
direct marketing publication, carried this advertisement for a database
of personal information:
Direct marketers never label these lists as "sucker" databases,
but between the lines, the label is communicated very clearly: this is a
database of "impulsive" individuals who purchased a pendant "advertised
as having a fragment of the Eye of Ra inside it," with the belief that
the pendant will "change their life, awaken their inner consciousness
and bring them wealth."[3] In other areas, data broker companies advertise that their databases include
"psychographic" data.  This can include databases that are segmented
by age, by a medical condition, or by behavior that correlates with an impairment
in reasoning.  For instance, the Iowa Attorney General has initiated a probe
of database seller "Walter Karl" for providing lists to scam artists.[4]  The company sells databases that claim to include
"impulsive buyers…primarily mature" and "highly impulsive
consumers…sure to respond to all of your low-end offers."[5] Exacerbating this problem is the fact that it is difficult for authorities
to detect these scams.  Unlike mass media advertising, direct marketing
can be targeted to individuals and therefore not exposed to the general
public.  Large deceptive mailing can continue unless a specific person complains,
and that complaint is investigated.
Deceptive Gathering of Medical Information for Marketing A great amount of medical information is solicited from consumers through
product registration cards.  These cards accompany many consumer products.
Consumer complete these cards for two main reasons: first, the manufacturer
falsely implies that it must be completed in order to enjoy a product warranty.
Second, registration may increase the likelihood that one receives information
about product recalls. The registration cards almost always 1) solicit information completely
unrelated to warranty and recall information, 2) do not inform the consumer
that providing the information is discretionary, and 3) fail to notify the
customer that the information solicited is wholly unprotected by privacy
law, and may be used for any purpose.  We believe that this collection of
information is deceptive, and if consumers were made aware of the ultimate
uses of personal information, they would object and leave the card blank. Data brokers collect personal medical information in other deceptive ways
for marketing.  For instance, attached to these comments is an advertisement
from Hippo Direct for "People with Ailments" databases.  It notes
that the information was gathered from: telephone and mail order purchase information, rebate coupons, prescription
records, subscription order forms, warranty card registrations, 800# respondents,
sweepstakes entry forms, trade show/conference attendee rosters, and consumer
surveys & questionnaires In almost all of these contexts, individuals are not told that information
they provide is sold for secondary marketing purposes.  Furthermore, Hippo
Direct is claiming that some of this information is collected from prescription
records, a practice that does not comport with individuals expectation of
privacy with their pharmacy. In sum, there are two risks here: a switch to direct mail drug advertising
may drive more deceptive collection of personal medical information.  Additionally,
individuals will have no idea how a drug company obtained their name and
medical information, since the data are almost always collected without
the individual's specific knowledge.  As explained more fully in the section
below, they will also be helpless to stop the marketing communication should
it be unwanted. Data Collected Are Not Subject to Privacy Protections The Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act's Privacy Rule
(HIPAA) sets forth rules for the collection, use, retention, and disclosure
of medical information.  However, HIPAA only applies to a limited range
of companies, and the marketing entities collecting data are not "covered
entities."  Because these marketing companies are not covered by HIPAA
or other federal privacy laws, individuals have little ability to control
how data are used.  There is no requirement that these companies give notice
of their practices.  There is often no ability to opt-out of disclosure
of information.  There is no right to access or correct data.  Nor is there
an ability to delete information, should one no longer wish to be in the
marketing databases. In conclusion, we urge the FDA to consider in its public hearing and in
other proceedings the risks posed by an increase in the use of personal
information to target direct-to-consumer advertising.  New database technology
makes it simple for marketers to target vulnerable groups, thus raising
the risk of consumer deception.  Medical data collected by the marketing
industry is collected in a deceptive fashion, without individuals' informed
consent.  Finally, much of the medical data used to target solicitations
is wholly outside the protections of federal and state privacy law.
Respectfully submitted, Chris Hoofnagle
Senior Counsel
Electronic Privacy Information Center West Coast Office
944 Market St. #709
San Francisco, CA 94102
415-981-6400
[1] Department of Health and Human Services, Food and
Drug Administration, Consumer-Directed Promotion of Regulated Medical
Products; Public Hearing, 70 Fed. Reg. 54054 (Sept. 13. 2005).
[2] Glenn Singer, Judge Upholds Legality of Prozac Mailing,
South Florida Sun Sentinel, May 17, 2005.
[3] http://www.dmnews.com/cgi-bin/listdb.cgi?list_id=8663&action=preview.
[4] Attorney General of Iowa, A.G. asks Court to Order
List Broker to Respond to Telemarketing Fraud Probe, State asks court
to order list-broker "Walter Karl, Inc." to cooperate with consumer
protection investigation of direct mail and telemarketing schemes, Mar.
3, 2005, available at http://www.state.ia.us/government/ag/latest_news/releases/mar_2005/Walter_Karl.html.
[5] Affidavit of Barbara Blake, Investigator, Office
of the Attorney General of Iowa, Mar. 1, 2005, available at http://www.state.ia.us/government/ag/latest_news/releases/mar_2005/Walter%20Karl%20BBlake%20Affidavit%203-1-05.pdf.
EPIC Privacy Page | EPIC
Home Page
Last Updated:
October 11, 2005
Page URL: http://www.epic.org/privacy/medical/dtcltr10.11.05.html