https://www.webdrafter.com/privacy-policy
PH: (717) 589-7812
Online Privacy Policy Protecting Your Personal Information!
Request a Quote
WebDrafter.com, Inc. (hereafter “WebDrafter.com”) is committed to maintaining your confidence and trust, and accordingly maintains the following privacy policy to protect personal information you provide online. Commitment to Online Security: Physical, electronic and managerial procedures have been employed to safeguard the security and integrity of personal information. Billing information is encrypted whenever transmitted or received online. Personal information is accessible only by staff and subcontractors designated to handle online inquiries or requests. All WebDrafter.com employees, agents, and subcontractors with access to personal information obtained via the WebDrafter.com web site are also bound to adhere to this policy. Personal Information that WebDrafter.com May Collect Online: WebDrafter.com collects the following types of personal information: names, postal and e-mail addresses, phone and facsimile numbers, billing information, and feedback information. WebDrafter.com may also collect business information from customers, applicants, and vendors that submit their information online for various membership or program participation, some of which might constitute personal information, as well as personal information from individuals acting solely in their business capacity. WebDrafter.com does not knowingly collect or maintain any personal information from minors under the age of 18. In addition, no part of our site is designed with the purpose of attracting any person under age 18. How WebDrafter.com May Use Personal Information Collected Online: Unless you consent, WebDrafter.com will use your personal information only for the purpose for which it was submitted such as to reply to inquiries, handle technical support issues, and process billing and business requests related to the applicable program, forum, or online Web solution. We will use such information to provide operational notices, maintain internal recordkeeping and to conduct research on industry marketplace practices. Our research may lead to the publication of aggregate demographical data but will not result in the reporting or publication of any personal information provided to us. At certain points where personal information is collected on our site, there may be a box where you can indicate you would like to be on a list to receive information about other WebDrafter.com programs, offerings, and services. At any time you can add or remove your name from our mailing list by contacting us at webmaster@webdrafter.com. How Your Information May Be Shared: To process requests for service or provide a customized online solution, WebDrafter.com may contact other third-party service providers that you specify in order to obtain rights to use, collect, or reference intellectual property, technical information, etc. related to your needs. Such contact may include, but is not limited to, physical or electronic forms of text, graphics, logos, images, domain name registrant information, databases, server files, etc. In order to process applications for program participation or employment, WebDrafter.com may contact third-parties cited as references to substantiate claims related to, but not limited to, employment history, education records, personal references, memberships, affiliations, certifications, etc. Without submission of the requested information, WebDrafter.com will not be able to share your information and process your request. WebDrafter.com may also share your personal information with third-party service providers acting in a subcontractor capacity for the purpose of outsourcing specific jobs or portions of jobs necessary to meet the specifications and needs of requested projects in conjunction with providing a complete online solution, or to research industry marketplace practices. Just as in any research we may do, WebDrafter.com research will not result in the reporting or publication of any personal information. WebDrafter.com never sells or rents personal information. We will also release personal information under the following circumstances:
Where release is required by law (for example, a subpoena) or regulation, or is requested by a government agency conducting investigations or proceedings; Where our records indicate a company may be engaged in fraudulent activity or other deceptive practices that a governmental agency should be made aware of; To appropriate governmental authorities, where warranted by a company’s failure to participate in the Terms of Service (TOS) agreement associated with Web sites or online solutions provided by WebDrafter.com, it’s agents, partners, providers, or affiliates; or To appropriate persons, where your communication suggests possible harm to others.
Help Us Keep Your Personal Information Accurate: If your personal information changes or you would like to review the personal information we may have on file, please email us with the new information or your review request at webmaster@webdrafter.com. Let us also know the department or WebDrafter.com program that led to your submission of personal information so we may efficiently locate your information. Computer Tracking and Cookies: Our Web site is not set up to track, collect or distribute personal information not entered by its visitors. Our site logs do generate certain kinds of non-identifying site usage data, such as the number of hits and visits to our site. This information is used for internal purposes by technical support staff to provide better services to the public and may also be provided to others, but again, the statistics contain no personal information and cannot be used to gather such information. A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent to your browser from a Web server and stored on your computer’s hard drive. WebDrafter.com uses non-identifying cookies to provide easier site navigation and access to forms. You can still use the WebDrafter.com site if your browser is set to reject cookies. Our cookies do not generate personal data, do not read personal data from your machine and are never tied to anything that could be used to identify you. Problems: If you have a complaint about WebDrafter.com’s compliance with this privacy policy, you may contact us at webmaster@webdrafter.com. If we are unable to resolve your complaint to your satisfaction, you may elect to proceed with the BBBOnLine’s Privacy Policy Review Service by completing the complaint form at http://www.bbbonline.org/consumer/complaint.
Contact WebDrafter.com
Local: (717) 589-7812 Fax: (717) 589-7813 Email: info@webdrafter.com
Stay Connected Socialize with the staff at WebDrafter.com! Also, follow us as we share useful web industry related information!