http://www.expdatasol.com/content/privacy-statement.aspx
Home
Rental Manager Connector
Customer Testimonials
FAQ Database
Book Now
Content Management
Automated Quote
Customer Login
Campgrounds
Special Dates
RV Photo Gallery
New Owner Email Form
RV Quick Find
RVs For Sale Automation
Remote Support
Constant Contact
Credit Card Automation
Learning Management System
Auto Plus XP
Classified Ads
JPEG Batch Processor
SQL Shopping Cart
Internet Services
Programming
Forms Automation
This Privacy Policy has been developed with the recognition that Internet technologies are rapidly evolving,
and that underlying business models are still not established. Accordingly, this Privacy Policy is subject to change.
Any such changes will be posted on this page. Please see the Effective Date stated at the conclusion of this Policy.
Information Collected
Expdatasol.com automatically collects and/or tracks various information, including but not limited to,
(1) the home server domain names, e-mail addresses, type of client computer, and type of web browser of visitors to
Expdatasol.com web site.; (2) the e-mail addresses of visitors that communicate with Expdatasol.com via e-mail;
(3) Personal Information specifically provided by You in online forms, registration forms, surveys, and contests entries;
and (4) user-specific information on what pages visitors access.
Cookies
There is a technology called “cookies” which can be used to provide You with
tailored information from a web site. A cookie is an element of data that a web site can send to Your browser, which may
then be stored on Your computer system. This element of data is a piece of text, not a program, and as such can not contain
viruses or harmful programming code. The Site can only access the information from a cookie sent by the Site. We cannot access
other cookies sent by other web sites or the information contained therein. Expdatasol.com does place cookies on visitors’
computer systems. Expdatasol.com uses cookies to track usage of the Site and further customize Your experience when You are
visiting the Site. By tracking usage, We can best determine what features of the Site best serve You. When You revisit the Site,
Expdatasol.com will recognize You by the cookie and may tailor Your visit accordingly. You may decline the cookie by using the
appropriate feature of Your web client software, if available, however, some functionality of the Site may not function properly
if you decline the cookie.
Confidentiality
Expdatasol.com will not sell, rent, swap, or otherwise disclose Your registration data to any unaffiliated third party.
However, We may share Personal Information supplied by You as a contest entrant with other, unrelated parties.
Use of Personal Data Collected
Expdatasol.com reserves the right to use Your Personal Information to send You information about Expdatasol.com, the Site,
Expdatasol.com products and services, and other topics or products, from Expdatasol.com or others, in which You may have indicated interest.
Personal Information collected by Expdatasol.com either on a form or passively, will be used by Expdatasol.com for general
business purposes, including but not limited to, editorial and feedback purposes, for marketing and promotional purposes, for a statistical
analysis of users’ behavior, for product development, for content improvement, to inform advertisers as to how many visitors have seen
or clicked on their advertisements, and to customize content and layout of the Site.
Access to and Ability to Correct Personal Data
Upon request via postal mail, or e-mail, Expdatasol.com will provide You with a summary of any of Your Personal Information
retained by Expdatasol.com. You may modify, correct, change, or update Your Personal Information or cause Your Personal Information to be
removed from the Expdatasol.com database. Expdatasol.com will only send Personal Information records to the e-mail address on file for the
visitor name associated with it.
Third Party Providers
Expdatasol.com owns, operates and maintains their own web and file servers. Therefore, any information You submit, including
Personal Information, shall be placed, stored and viewed on a computer server maintained at our place of business. Your use of the Site
and any provision of Personal Information You submit to the Site constitutes Your acknowledgement that such information or content could
pass through and may be stored, accessed and used by third parties to process Your request and in servers outside of the control of Expdatasol.com.
You agree that Expdatasol.com has no liability or responsibility for any such pass through, storage of same or use by such third parties.
Third Party Sites
Please remember that this Privacy Policy only addresses the use and dissemination of information that We collect from You.
To the extent that You disclose any information to other parties, through other web sites on the Internet linked to the Site or through
advertisement links placed on the Site, different policies may apply. Since Expdatasol.com does not control the privacy policies of third
parties, You are subject to the privacy customs and policies, if any, of that third party, and Expdatasol.com shall not be responsible
for the use or dissemination of Your Personal Information by that third party. Therefore, We encourage You to ask questions before You
disclose Your Personal Information to others.
No Liability for Acts of Third Parties
Although Expdatasol.com will use all reasonable efforts to safeguard the confidentiality of Your Personal Information and/or
the registration data, transmissions made by means of the Internet cannot be made absolutely secure. Expdatasol.com will have no liability
for disclosure of registration data due to errors in transmission or unauthorized acts of third parties.
Use of Aggregated Information
Expdatasol.com reserves the right to disclose to third parties information about visitor usage of the Site and any related
services, including information gathered during Your use of the Site. Any information disclosed will be in aggregate data form (such as
overall patterns or demographic reports) that does not describe or identify any individual user.
Expdatasol.com Right to Contact User
Expdatasol.com reserves the right to contact Site visitors regarding account status and changes to the Terms of Use
agreement, this privacy policy, or any other policies or agreements relevant to Site visitors.
Children’s Privacy
Expdatasol.com does not specifically collect information about children, but is concerned about the safety of children and
their use of the Internet. Therefore, in accordance with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998, We will never
knowingly request or solicit personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13 without prior verifiable parental
consent. In the event that We receive actual knowledge that We have collected such personal information without the requisite and
verifiable parental consent, We will delete that information from our database as quickly as is practical.
Updates
This Privacy Policy is effective as of Januray1, 2003. Expdatasol.com reserves the right to change or update this Policy, or
any other Expdatasol.com policy or practice, at any time with reasonable notice to users of the Site. Any changes or updates will be
effective upon posting to the Site. Your continued use of the Site following our posting of a change notice will constitute binding
acceptance of those changes.
About Us
Our Support Team
Paypal Verified
Contact Us
Links
Pantone Matching Charts
Examples
Example Set 1
Example Set 2
Example Set 3
Example Set 4
Example Logos
Existing Customers
Clients
Privacy Statement
Expert Data Solutions, Inc. 1631 Dewayne Ave Camarillo CA 93010 * Phone (805) 987-5454
©
Expert Data Solutions, Inc.