http://www.webscript.co.uk/privacy-policy/
HOME
PRIVACY POLICY
Privacy Policy
Webscript Designs Limited ("WSD") respects your privacy and seeks to protect your personal data. We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our users while providing a personalised and valuable service. It is our intention to demonstrate to you how we gather, use and protect your personal data.
The aim of WSD is to ensure that the processing of personal data by or on behalf of WSD is fair and reasonable and that your personal data is secure, accurate and up to date.
WSD collects information which is relevant to the product/service you are enquiring about and is only used for administering our supply of the product or service.
Cookie Policy
What is a cookie?
When you enter some sites your computer will be issued with a cookie. Cookies are text files that identify your computer to servers. Cookies in themselves do not identify the individual user, just the computer used.
Many sites do this whenever a user visits their site in order to track traffic flows, recording those areas of the site that have been visited by the computer in question, and for how long.
Users have the opportunity to set their computers to accept all cookies, to notify them when a cookie is issued, or not to receive cookies at any time. Selecting not to receive means that certain personalised services WSD offers cannot then be provided to that user.
Why do we use cookies?
Log In - Where we provide log in mechanisms for site users a cookie is created at login, for the duration of the session. Each cookie contains a unique reference number only (no personal information) which is used to confirm you are authorised.
Analytics - To allow us to keep track of traffic to our website we use cookies. The cookies simply tell us if you have previously visited our website so we can get more accurate figures for New vs Returning visitors.
Find and control your cookies
All of the major browser providers offer advise on setting up and using the privacy and security functions for their products. If you required technical advice or support for a specific browser / version please contact the provider or visit their website for further details:
www.microsoft.com / www.mozilla.com/ www.apple.com / www.opera.com / www.aol.com / www.flock.com