http://www.vunic.vu/privacypolicy.php
Login
Home
Who is ?
Register
Transfer
Faq
Restricted List
Telecom Vanuatu Limited Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
General
Please read this Policy carefully as it gives you information about how Telecom Vanuatu Limited (TVL) handles your personal information.
The Privacy Policy sets out how we use and protect any information that you provide to TVL
TVL respects their Customer privacy and assures you that TVL will protect your personal information as per the requirements of internal Corporate Security Policy and of the laws of Vanuatu. TVL has a firm Policy of protecting the confidentiality and security of information obtained from its customers, contractors and staff. We do not share non-public information with third parties. Information is only shared with your consent except where we are required by law to provide to another or in accordance with all applicable laws of Vanuatu.
By submitting information through this site and to TVL through questionnaire and or application forms, you agree that Telecom Vanuatu Limited may use it in accordance with this Privacy Policy. We will try to explain our Privacy Policy as clearly as possible and should you have any questions about the information contained here, please feel free to email us at hostmaster@vunic.vu.
Collection of Information
Unless visitors voluntarily submit information via forms or email to TVL through the site and/or through questionnaires and or application forms, we do not collect any personal information at all.
We do, however, analyze our server logs and identify usage patterns regularly. This information helps us to better manage our content and organize information in a more logical way for our visitors and customers thereby improving the user experience.
Use of Personal Information
If personal information is voluntarily submitted through our site, and/or through questionnaires and or application forms we can use it to fulfill requests for marketing materials or other enquires.
We do not otherwise sell, rent, exchange or disclose our client lists or information about our web site users, except to the limited extent necessary to protect the rights, property and safety of our commission, our clients, or others or to comply with applicable law or if we are acquired and client information or information about our web site users is a transferred asset.
How do we Protect Your Personal Information
We have in place an internal Corporate Security Policy that governs how TVL deals with third party information that has been obtained from our clients or consumers.
3rd Party Sites
This privacy policy is applicable only to information you provide to us through this website and those provided to us questionnaires and Application Forms. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of any third party sites that are linked to or from our site.
Notice
We reserve the right to change this privacy policy and in the event we do, we will post the revised privacy policy on our website. Our use of the information you provide shall be governed by the privacy policy that is effective at the time of receipt of such information.
Contact Us
We will ensure to safeguard your personal information collected and handled by us and look forward to your continued support for the same. In case of any feedback or concern regarding protection of your personal information, you may reach us by contacting hostmaster@vunic.vu.
© 2020
vunic.vu Version 2 - All rights reserved |
Terms and conditions of use |
Privacy Policy |
Contact Us : hostmaster@vunic.vu | PO Box 146 | Fr Walter Lini Highway, Port Vila, Vanuatu | Phone: +678 22185
Powered by TVL