http://www.tagtuner.com/privacy.php
home | features | screenshots | purchase | support | italiano
TagTuner.com Privacy Policy
We do not tolerate spam and will never sell, rent, or lease your details (name, address, email etc...) to any other third party. Neither will you be sent unsolicited e-mail.
Our site's registration form requires users to give us contact information (e.g. name and email address).
Financial information such as credit card number and expiration date is used only to charge the customer for the service they are purchasing. This will never be given to any third party (other than the credit card authorization depot) and is immediately deleted from our system once the order has been processed.
How do we protect your information?
In order to prevent unauthorized access TagTuner.com uses strict security procedures in the storage and disclosure of information which you have given to us. We use all reasonable endeavours to ensure the security of personal data stored on our system.
All your personal information is password protected - only registered users have access to their own information. As a registered user, you will be able to edit or delete your personal information details at any time using your own ID and password.
Does TagTuner.com share information?
Your personal information is being provided only to TagTuner.com unless it is specifically stated otherwise. We will not disclose your personally identifiable information to any person or company except where you have given us permission to do so, or if the law requires it, or where in good faith TagTuner.com believes such action is necessary to comply with a legal process.
What about cookies?
Cookies are pieces of information that an interactive service (e.g. website, digital TV) transfers to your hardware (e.g. computer, set top box etc.) for record-keeping purposes. TagTuner.com may use cookies where appropriate. If you are using a PC and do not wish to receive cookies you can switch them off on the browser on your computer.
Choice/Opt-Out
This site gives users the following options for removing their information from our database to not receive future communications or to no longer receive our service.
Please use the unsubscribe link from the newsletter message.
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, please contact us
Order TagTuner
Electronic delivery or on CD, 24 hours a day.
TagTuner Single User - $29.95
Family Pack - $49.95
(Install on up to 5 Workstations)
Download Free Trial
Try TagTuner for 30 days.
Windows NT/XP/2000/Vista/7
Latest Build:
, 4.0 MB
Step-by-Step Tutorials
Rename album files with media tag information
Renaming album folder with media tag information
Search for album cover, artist name, and song titles along with renaming album files
Fast switching between favorite playlists
DB
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
-
home | features | screenshots | purchase | support | links | online help | terms of use | privacy policy
All logos and trademarks in this site are property of their respective owner. Copyright © 2009 tagtuner.com. All rights reserved.