http://www.topspeeddata.com/privacy-policy
Home
Cloud
Cloud
SaaS
ERP & Outsourced CIO
DRaaS
UCaaS
IaaS
DaaS
ITaaS
IoT
Voice & Data
Conference Calling
GPS
Internet Services
Managed Services
MPLS
Network Design
SIP
TEM
Wireless Routers
Wireless Voice & Data
VoIP
Cyber Security
SECaaS
Network Security
Resources
AT&T Business
TPx Communications
RapidScale
FAQ
Video Newsletters
Training Videos
Bandwidth/PING Test
News & Trends
Customer Case Studies
Technology White Papers
Trouble Tickets
Top Gun Show
November 2019 Top Gun Show Interviews
October 2019 Top Gun Show Interviews
September 2019 Top Gun Show Interviews
August 2019 Top Gun Show Interviews
July 2019 Top Gun Show Interviews
June 2019 Top Gun Show Interviews
May 2019 Top Gun Show Interviews
April 2019 Top Gun Show Interviews
March 2019 Top Gun Show Interviews
February 2019 Top Gun Show Interviews
About
What We Do for Businesses
About Top Speed
Our Team
Our Partners
Client Testimonials
Community Involvement
Careers
TOP SPEED DATA COMMUNICATIONS - PRIVACY POLICY Top Speed Data Communications is committed to protecting the privacy of our online visitors. All personal information collected on this website will only be used to support your relationship with Top Speed Data Communications. Top Speed Data Communications will NOT sell, rent or lease your personal information to others.Unless required by law or your permission is obtained, Top Speed Data Communications will only share the personalthe information you provide us with other Top Speed Data Communications entities and business partners who are acting on our behalf. Such Top Speed Data Communications entities and/or business partners are governed by our privacy policies concerning the use of this information.1. What do we collect and where?The information we collect may include your personal information, such as your name, contact information, IP address, product and service selections and orders or any other thing that identify you individually.We may collect information about you in the following manners: you may provide your personal information to us via e-mail or written communication, telephone calls, web based forms, or other means; we use automated technical means to collect information about all website visitors for example by use of cookies; via third party providers; and web visits.You may visit our website in any of the following ways: by using your browser to navigate to our site including (but not limited to) www.topspeeddata.com When you visit our website, our server logs your IP address (unique network addresses), the time and duration of your visit, and the time and duration of the pages on our website you view. If you reach our site by clicking a link on another website, we may capture information that tracks your visit from the other source to the extent we can do so. We may also obtain information about your computer systems, such as your browser type and operating system. We will likely place a cookie on your hard drive during the web visit. A cookie is a unique alphanumeric identifier that we use to help us identify the number of unique visits to our website, whether or not the visitors are repeat visitors and the source of the visits. Cookies cannot be executed as code or used to deliver a virus. Other servers cannot read them, and personal information cannot be gathered from them. They are simply identifiers shared between you and us to allow us to improve services we offer to you through our website. If you do not wish cookies to be placed on your computer, they can be disabled in your web browser. However, please note that permanently disabling cookies in your browser may hinder your use of our website as well as other websites and interactive services.We do not collect personal information about you as part of a web visit, but web visit information may be tied to other information (including personal information) we collect from you via web forms and other means we described in our Privacy Policy. 2. What do we use this information for?Personal informationWe may use your information to process your service requests, handle orders, deliver products and services, communicate with you about your orders, provide you access to secure areas of our website or recommend services that you might be of interest to you. We also use this information to prevent or detect fraud or abuses of our website.Contact informationWe use visitor information to send information about our company to visitors and to get in touch with them when necessary. We also use the information we collect to improve the content of our website and training aides for our employees. Visitors are given a choice to provide their information when we request your information. We use web visit information to measure interest in and develop our web page content and marketing plans and customize the content you view on your web visit based on your activity on past visits.3. Linking to other non-Top Speed Data Communications websites:We may provide links to third-party websites for your convenience and information. The privacy practices of those sites may differ from Top Speed Data Communications’ practices and are not controlled by Top Speed Data Communications or covered by our Privacy Policy. We do not make any representation about third-party websites. We do not monitor or review the content of other party’s websites which are linked to/ from this site. Opinions expressed or material appearing on such websites are not necessarily shared or endorsed by us and should not be regarded as the publisher of such opinions or material. You should evaluate the security and trustworthiness of any other site connected to this site or accessed through this site yourself, before disclosing any personal information to them. We will not accept any responsibility for any loss or damage in whatever manner caused, resulting from your disclosure to third parties of personal information. 4. Links to our website:You may not create a link to any page of this site without our prior written consent. If you do create a link to a page of this site you do so at your risk and the exclusions and limitations set out above will apply to your use of this website by linking to it. 5. Opting out of communications:Top Speed Data Communications gives you an opportunity to opt-out from receiving correspondence from us about our services if you choose to. Please send your request to roni@topspeeddata.com or Marketing & Office Manager, Top Speed Data Communications, 1310 Redwood Way, Ste. 200, Petaluma, CA 94954. Please note it may take up to ten days to remove your contact information from our marketing communications lists, so you may receive correspondence from us for a short time after you make your request.6. Top Speed Data Communications has committed to industry best practices:We use various security measures to protect the information we collect, as appropriate to the type of information, including encryption, firewalls, and access controls. We store information you provide to us on a computer system located in a controlled facility with limited access. Our company databases are accessible only by Top Speed Data Communications employees, contractors and agents on a need to know basis and who have entered into and are bound by a confidentiality and nondisclosure agreement with Top Speed Data Communications. 7. Data Integrity:Personal data we collect is relevant for the purposes for which it is to be used. Top Speed Data Communications takes reasonable steps to ensure that data is reliable for its intended use, accurate, complete, and current. 8. The right to access your personal information:If you believe that your personal information we have about you is incorrect, or is, has been, or might be used inappropriately, please contact roni@topspeeddata.com, and we will take steps to correct or delete the information or restrict its use, as appropriate.9. Inquiries or complaints:If you have a question or concern about this Privacy Policy or our information collection practices, please contact roni@topspeeddata.com or Marketing & Office Manager, Top Speed Data Communications, 1310 Redwood Way, #200, Petaluma, CA 94954. We will investigate the matter and are committed to resolving any privacy concerns that you may have.10. Our business changes constantly and our Privacy Policy may also change from time to time. You should check our website frequently to see recent changes; however, we will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of personal information collected in the past without your prior consent.