http://www.digitaljournal.com/user/terms.php
Email
Password
Remember meForgot password?
Log in with Facebook
Log in with Twitter
Log In
news
tech & science
social media
business
entertainment
life
sports
Terms of Use
ACCEPTANCE OF TERMS
The webpages available at www.digitaljournal.com and www.dxjournal.co and all linked pages are owned and operated by Digital Journal, Inc. (collectively "Digital Journal", “we”, “us”, “our” or “the Company”), a Toronto, Ontario-based corporation, and is accessed by you under the Terms of Use described below ("Terms of Use" or “User Agreement”). By accessing or using our website at www.digitaljournal.com and www.dxjournal.co or the mobile version thereof (together the "Site"), you (collectively the "User" or “You”) signify that you have read, understand and agree to be bound by these Terms of Use, whether or not you are a registered member of Digital Journal.
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THE SERVICES. BY ACCESSING THIS SITE OR USING ANY PART OF THE SITE OR ANY CONTENT OR SERVICES ON THE SITE (AS EACH IS DEFINED BELOW), YOU AGREE TO BECOME BOUND BY THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ALL THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, THEN YOU MAY NOT ACCESS THE SITE OR USE THE CONTENT OR ANY SERVICES IN THE SITE. DIGITAL JOURNAL'S ACCEPTANCE IS EXPRESSLY CONDITIONED UPON YOUR ASSENT TO ALL OF THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, TO THE EXCLUSION OF ALL OTHER TERMS; IF THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS ARE CONSIDERED AN OFFER BY DIGITAL JOURNAL, ACCEPTANCE IS EXPRESSLY LIMITED TO THESE TERMS.
MODIFICATIONS OF TERMS OF USE
Digital Journal reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to modify or replace the Terms of Use at any time. If the alterations constitute a material change to the Terms of Use, Digital Journal will notify you via email or through an electronic message posted on the Site. What constitutes a "material change" will be determined at Digital Journal's sole discretion, in good faith and using common sense and reasonable judgment. You shall be responsible for reviewing and becoming familiar with any such modifications. Use of the Services by you following such notification constitutes your acceptance of the terms and conditions of the Terms of Use as modified.
DESCRIPTION OF SERVICE
Subject to full compliance with the Terms of Use, Digital Journal may offer to provide certain services and content, as described more fully on the Site, ("Services"). Services shall include, but not be limited to, any service and content Digital Journal performs for you, as well as the offering of any materials displayed or performed on the Site (including, but not limited to text, comments, commentary, messages, ratings, votes, forum postings, User Contacts, information, data, news articles, graphics, photographs, images, illustrations, any information, Groups or graphics associated with Groups, software, audio clips, sound and video clips or other material known as "Content") on the Site. Digital Journal may change, suspend or discontinue the Services including any Content for any reason, at any time, including the availability of any feature or Content. Digital Journal may also impose limits on certain features and services or restrict your access to parts or all of the Services without notice or liability.
USER CONDUCT
Digital Journal may remove any Content or Digital Journal accounts at any time for any reason (including, but not limited to, upon receipt of claims or allegations from third parties or authorities relating to such Content), or for no reason at all. To report Terms of Use abuse, please use our Contact Us form and write our site administrator(s).
As a condition of use, you promise not to use the Services for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these Terms of Use, or any other purpose not reasonably intended by Digital Journal.
By way of example, and not as a limitation, you agree not to use the Services:
to abuse, harass, threaten, impersonate or intimidate other Digital Journal users;
to contribute any Content that is infringing, libellous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, abusive, offensive or otherwise violates any law or right of any third party; for any illegal or unauthorized purpose. If you are an international user, you agree to comply with all local laws regarding online conduct and acceptable Content; to post or transmit, or cause to be posted or transmitted, any communication or solicitation designed or intended to obtain password, account, or private information from any Digital Journal user; to create or submit unwanted email ("Spam") to any other Digital Journal users or any URL; to violate any laws in your jurisdiction (including but not limited to copyright laws); to submit stories or comments linking to affiliate programs, multi-level marketing schemes, sites/blogs repurposing existing stories (source hops), or off-topic Content; to submit content that is advertorial or paid for by a company or advertiser. Bloggers and/or writers working and submitting Content for or on behalf of companies like Pay Per Post, or similar companies, are strictly prohibited from using the Site; register for more than one User account or register for a User account on behalf of an individual other than yourself.
With the exception of accessing RSS feeds, you will not use any robot, spider, scraper or other automated means to access the Site for any purpose without our express written permission. Additionally, you agree that you will not: (i) take any action that imposes, or may impose in our sole discretion an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure; (ii) interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Site or any activities conducted on the Site; or (iii) bypass any measures we may use to prevent or restrict access to the Site; to create separate user accounts with the intention of artificially inflating the 'Digital Journal rating system', page count, comments, or any other Digital Journal Services.
PAYMENTS AND EARNINGS
Our Services may permit registered and approved Digital Journalists to post or upload articles to the Site that can be found under the user's real name. Those articles may be eligible for monetary compensation.
Digital Journal allocates funds into a central pool called a “moneypot” every month, to be shared only among registered and approved “Digital Journalists” based on (a) how much a Digital Journalist contributes and (b) how much activity a Digital Journalist’s article receives as measured in Digital Journal’s sole discretion. Digital Journalists may receive payment (the "User Earnings") for their posted or uploaded articles based on how much money is allocated to the moneypot in a particular month and also based on that Digital Journalist’s percentage contribution. A Digital Journalists’ User Earnings might fluctuate up or down based on User activity and activity of other Users. Digital Journal does not, and is under no obligation to, reveal its exact formula of how it calculates earnings, but will issue payments in a fair and reasonable manner. Digital Journal does not provide payment for Content other than news articles written by approved Digital Journalists. All other Content is not eligible for any monetary compensation.
User Earnings will be issued on the first (1st) of every month for User Earnings accumulated the month prior, except in the case of delays caused by any technical problems or delays as a result of national or international holidays. Further, we shall have no obligation to pay User Earnings until and unless such earnings exceed $10 in the aggregate. All payments will be made in U.S. dollars by PayPal. In the event PayPal does not operate in a country in which a Digital Journalist resides, then our obligation to pay such amount shall be void and such amounts shall vest in Digital Journal. As a condition of payment, you agree that if you fail to collect any amount payable to you within thirty (30) days of the date payable, then our obligation to pay such amount shall be void and such amounts shall vest in Digital Journal. You should regularly access and review your account to monitor accrued and payable amounts.
Only active user accounts with "Digital Journalist" status are eligible to receive payments. If a user does not log in to his or her account for a period of two (2) months or more, the user account may be terminated and any accrued earnings will be forfeited. If a user terminates his or her account for any reason, or if Digital Journal terminates the account or removes "Digital Journalist" status for cause (including violations of this User Agreement or for not meeting the editorial standards of the Site, or for publishing false, defamatory, illegal or untrue statements as judged in the sole discretion of Digital Journal), any accrued monies will be forfeited. Digital Journal reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to revoke "Digital Journalist" status and manage and maintain editorial standards for the Site.
Digital Journal does not guarantee that any user will receive any minimum level of payment as a result of posting Content to the Site. Earnings are paid as an incentive for the continued use of Digital Journal’s Site and are not in consideration for the submission of any Content. We reserve the right to add, remove, modify, rename, move, delete or discontinue any Content therein at any time in our sole discretion. We further reserve the right to change or discontinue the payment of User Earnings at any time. Your continued use of our Site and maintenance of an account with us after any such change will constitute your acceptance of the new terms. In the event that you do not agree to such change, your sole and exclusive remedy is to cease using the Site and to terminate your account. Any such termination will not alter any of our rights under this User Agreement, including our license rights described herein.
YOUR REGISTRATION OBLIGATIONS
As a condition to using Services, you are required to register with Digital Journal and select a password and your real name ("Digital Journal User ID"). You shall provide Digital Journal with accurate, complete, and updated registration information. Failure to do so shall constitute a breach of the Terms of Use, which may result in immediate termination of your Digital Journal account. You may not (i) select or use as a Digital Journal User ID a name of another person with the intent to impersonate that person; (ii) use as a Digital Journal User ID a name subject to any rights of a person other than you without appropriate authorization; or (iii) use as a Digital Journal User ID a name that is otherwise offensive, vulgar or obscene. Digital Journal reserves the right to refuse registration of, or cancel a Digital Journal User ID at its discretion without warning. You shall be responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your Digital Journal password. By registering with Digital Journal you authorize Digital Journal employees, site administrators and contractors to contact you by email or User Contact at any time for matters pertaining to editorial, content and your usage of the Services. Furthermore, by publishing or uploading Content to Digital Journal, you must only publish news written by you, and you may not publish articles for or on behalf of anyone else. You are not permitted to publish work by other Digital Journalists unless you collaborated on an article and the byline is shared and clearly labelled.
Services are available only to individuals who are at least 13 years old, whether acting on their own behalf or as an authorized employee or representative of a corporation or other business entity. If you do not so qualify, do not attempt to register for or use the Services.
CONTENT SUBMITTED OR MADE AVAILABLE FOR INCLUSION ON THE SERVICE
You retain all copyright to all original Content you submit to the Site. By transmitting or submitting Content to the Site, you automatically grant, and you represent and warrant that you have the right to grant Digital Journal a non-exclusive, irrevocable, transferable, royalty-free, perpetual, sub-licensable, fully paid, worldwide license (with the right to sublicense) to use, publicly perform, publicly display, reformat, translate, excerpt (in whole or in part) reproduce, modify, adapt, translate, distribute, re-distribute, syndicate, publish, and create derivative works of such Content in any media, now known or hereafter devised for any purpose, commercial, advertising, or otherwise, on or in connection with the Site or the promotion thereof, to prepare derivative works of, or incorporate into other works, such User Content, and to grant and authorize sublicenses of the foregoing to Digital Journal, its affiliates and sublicensees.
You acknowledge and agree you will not post on the Site any Content for which you do not have the clear right to do so, and you give Digital Journal, its affiliates and sublicencees the right to use the Content, Your name, identifier, or any portion thereof, submitted in connection with such Content, if they so choose. Digital Journal reserves the right to modify, edit or change any Content for any reason without prior notification.
By transmitting or submitting Content to the Site, you automatically grant, and you represent and warrant that you have the right to grant Digital Journal permission to keep active and live copies of all submitted Content even after your account has been terminated or closed. Digital Journal reserves the right to re-activate content that has been deactivated, removed or deleted for any reason, without warning, consent or approval from You.
You may generally publish Content on the Site, provided that it does not otherwise violate any third-party agreements or rights. You further acknowledge and agree that you are solely responsible and liable for any Content that you post or upload to the Site and for any infringement or other liability that may result.
Content on the Site must be original and not published elsewhere, including personal blogs or social media networks.
You represent and warrant that (i) all Content is either wholly original to you, or all third-party rights therein have been fully cleared for use as contemplated by this Agreement, and that you have the right to grant the rights granted herein without violating the rights of any third party; (ii) the Content and the posting thereof on the Site does and will not, in any way, violate or breach any of the terms of this Agreement or violate or infringe upon the rights of any third party, and (iii) Digital Journal shall not in any circumstance be required to pay or incur any sums to any person or entity as a result of its use or exploitation of the Content unless otherwise agreed by Digital Journal.
Without limiting the foregoing, Digital Journal reserves the right to use the Content as it deems appropriate, including, without limitation, deleting, rejecting, or refusing to post it. Digital Journal shall not be obligated to store, keep, maintain or provide copies of submitted Content to You or any party in the event Content is deleted or removed from the Site. Digital Journal may, but is under no obligation to, offer you any payment for Content that you submit or offer the opportunity to edit, delete or otherwise modify Content once it has been submitted to Digital Journal. Digital Journal shall not be obligated to enforce any form of attribution by third parties and shall not be responsible for any third party use of Content.
If it is determined that you possess any moral rights (including rights of attribution or integrity) in the Content, you hereby declare that (a) you have no objection to the publication, use, re-publication, syndication, modification, or deletion and exploitation of the Content by Digital Journal or its licensees, successors and assigns; (b) you forever waive and agree not to claim or assert any entitlement to any and all moral rights of an author in any of the Content; and (c) you forever release Digital Journal, and its licensees, successors and assigns, from any claims that you could otherwise assert against Digital Journal by virtue of any such moral rights.
You agree not to post to the Site any links or other Content which is intended to or may result in any monetary compensation or other benefit to you, including without limitation any affiliate links.
In the event of any inconsistency between the provisions of these Terms of Use and the applicable license terms, these Terms of Use shall prevail to the extent of such inconsistency and such license terms shall be deemed to have been modified, in writing, by Digital Journal and You.
Digital Journal maintains full and final verdict on any and all changes to content published on its website and throughout its network. You agree to allow all edits, changes, additions and modifications, be they in text, video or image form, on any and all content you submit. Digital Journal maintains final verdict as to which text, images and videos will appear inside or alongside all published content.
YOUR LIABILITY
The opinions expressed by Site users do not necessarily reflect those of Digital Journal. You are solely responsible for your activities on our Site, including all Content that you submit or a third party submits on your behalf or using your account. You agree to indemnify and hold harmless Digital Journal and its shareholders, directors, officers, employees, agents, affiliates, sublicencees, advertisers, partners, customers, vendors, successors and assigns against any and all third-party claims, actions, demands, suits and all related losses, liabilities, damages, penalties, costs and expenses (including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys' fees) incurred by an indemnified party arising out of or related to: (a) any violation of law or regulation from your use of the Site, (b) any actual or alleged breach by you of any obligations, representations, warranties under these Terms of Use; and (c) any actual or alleged infringement or misappropriation of the intellectual property rights of any third party by all Content that you submit or a third party submits on your behalf or using your account.
OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE OF THE SITE
Digital Journal operates the Site in a commercially reasonable manner and may from time to time interrupt the Site's Services for regular and/or emergency maintenance. Where Digital Journal has advance knowledge of any interruption to the Site's Services, Digital Journal will make reasonable efforts to provide advance notice to You of any such interruption. Digital Journal will not be held responsible for downtime as a result of technical difficulties, power outages or data loss of any kind.
MONITORING USE OF THE SITE
Digital Journal may monitor the Site but is under no obligation to do so. You hereby waive any expectation of privacy in such information and activity. Your waiver of rights in all such monitoring does not apply to personally identifiable information, which is handled by Digital Journal in accordance with the Privacy Policy of the Site. Digital Journal has no duty to pre-screen your content or the content of others, but we have the right to refuse to post or to edit submitted content.
INDEMNITY
You will indemnify and hold harmless Digital Journal, its shareholders, directors, parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, advertisers, partners customers, vendors, officers and employees from any liability, damage or cost (including reasonable attorneys fees and cost) from (i) any claim or demand made by any third party due to or arising out of your access to the Site, use of the Services, violation of the Terms of Use by you, or the infringement by you, or any third party using your account or Digital Journal User ID, of any intellectual property or other right of any person or entity.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY OF DIGITAL JOURNAL
The copyright to the Site, the design and appearance of the Site, and all of the materials and content on the Site (other than Your Content) are owned by or licensed to Digital Journal. These materials are protected by law against unauthorized copying and reproduction. Any use, reproduction, or distribution of material, including caching, framing, or similar means, from the Site (except as permitted herein) without written permission of Digital Journal is expressly prohibited. Copyright Digital Journal, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Other service and product marks that appear on the Site are the trademarks of their respective owners. The display of any trademarks on the Site does not imply that a license has been granted for any further use.
DEALING WITH THIRD PARTIES
Any correspondence or business dealings with any third parties found on or through the Site is solely between You and such parties. Digital Journal is not responsible for any damages You may suffer by entering into such transactions or communications. You and the third party, not Digital Journal, are responsible for compliance with all laws applicable in any such transaction or communication.
WARRANTY DISCLAIMERS
You acknowledge that Digital Journal has no control over, and no duty to take any action regarding: which users gain access to the Site; what effects the Content may have on you; how you may interpret or use the Content; or what actions you may take as a result of having been exposed to the Content. You release Digital Journal from all liability for you having acquired or not acquired Content through the Site. The Site may contain, or direct you to sites containing, information that some people may find offensive or inappropriate. Digital Journal makes no representations concerning any Content contained in or accessed through the Site, and Digital Journal will not be responsible or liable for the accuracy, copyright compliance, legality or decency of material contained in or accessed through the Site. THE SERVICE, CONTENT, AND SITE ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. SOME PROVINCES AND/OR STATES DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON HOW LONG AN IMPLIED WARRANTY LASTS, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
LINKS
The Services may provide, or third parties may provide, links to other World Wide Web sites or resources. Because Digital Journal has no control over such sites and resources, you acknowledge and agree that Digital Journal is not responsible for the availability of such external sites or resources, and does not endorse and is not responsible or liable for any Content, advertising, products or other materials on or available from such sites or resources. You further acknowledge and agree that Digital Journal shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such Content, goods or services available on or through any such site or resource.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
IN NO EVENT SHALL DIGITAL JOURNAL BE LIABLE UNDER CONTRACT, TORT, STRICT LIABILITY, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER LEGAL THEORY (I) WITH RESPECT TO THE SITE, THE SERVICE OR ANY CONTENT FOR ANY LOST PROFITS OR SPECIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND WHATSOEVER, SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES (HOWEVER ARISING), OR (II) FOR ANY DIRECT DAMAGES IN EXCESS OF (IN THE AGGREGATE) $100. SOME PROVINCES AND/OR STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS AND EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
TERMINATION
Digital Journal may terminate or suspend any and all Services and your Digital Journal account immediately, without prior notice or liability, if you breach any of the terms or conditions of the Terms of Use. Upon termination of your account, your right to use the Services will immediately cease. If you wish to terminate your Digital Journal account, you may simply discontinue using the Services. All provisions of the Terms of Use which by their nature should survive termination, shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.
MISCELLANEOUS
No agency, partnership, joint venture, or employment is created as a result of the Terms of Use and you do not have any authority of any kind to bind Digital Journal in any respect whatsoever. The failure of either party to exercise in any respect any right provided for herein shall not be deemed a waiver of any further rights hereunder. Digital Journal shall not be liable for any failure to perform its obligations hereunder where such failure results from any cause beyond Digital Journal's reasonable control, including, without limitation, mechanical, electronic or communications failure or degradation (including "line-noise" interference). If any provision of the Terms of Use is found to be unenforceable or invalid, that provision shall be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so that the Terms of Use shall otherwise remain in full force and effect and enforceable. The Terms of Use is not assignable, transferable or sub-licensable by you except with Digital Journal's prior written consent. Digital Journal may transfer, assign or delegate the Terms of Use and its rights and obligations without consent. The Terms of Use shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the province of Ontario, as if made within Ontario between two residents thereof, and the parties submit to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the courts in the Province of Ontario in all disputes arising out of or relating to the use of the Website.
Both parties agree that the Terms of Use is the complete and exclusive statement of the mutual understanding of the parties and supersedes and cancels all previous written and oral agreements, communications and other understandings relating to the subject matter of the Terms of Use, and that all modifications must be in a writing signed by both parties, except as otherwise provided herein.
COPYRIGHT COMPLAINTS
Digital Journal respects the intellectual property of others. If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please use our Contact Us form and write to our site administrator(s).
DIGITAL JOURNAL PRIVACY POLICY
Digital Journal's current privacy policy is available at www.digitaljournal.com/privacy.php (the "Privacy Policy"), which is incorporated by this reference.
Latest News
Top News
Australian Covid vaccine dropped over false positive HIV result
Catching up with Mark Grossman of 'The Young and The Restless' Special
Future of ethical hacking in balance as the Supreme Court debates Special
Review: 'The Bay' residents cry havoc in latest episode of digital series Special
EU plans more sanctions against Turkey
EU leaders save landmark budget as Brexit looms
Shortages, jams and shutdowns: UK readies for Brexit 'no-deal' chaos
Emissions fell record 7 percent in 2020: study
Op-Ed: Pandemic causes Universal Basic Income? Not so weird after all.
Who will be Time's Person of the Year? — Here's the shortlist
Corporate
Contact Us
About Us
Advertise
Investors & Partners
Help & Support
Editorial Guidelines
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
News Links
Latest News
Live Events
News Alerts
ACCESSWIRE
GlobeNewswire News
Global Press Releases
24-7PressRelease.com
DX Journal
DX Institute
copyright © 2020 digitaljournal.com   |   powered by dell servers