http://www.amyuni.com/en/privacy-policy
EN/
DE/
FR
LOGIN
Support
Resources
DocumentationTechnical notesWhite papersBlog Forum
Trial downloadsFree tools
Desktop Editions
Server Products
Developer Tools
Company
About UsOfficesClientsPartnersResellers
Home
Privacy Policy
Home >
Privacy Policy
Privacy Statement
Amyuni Technologies believes that one of the fundamental notions of conducting business is respecting our customer’s privacy. Our customer list is not available for sale or exchange. Amyuni Technologies is the controller of any personal data collected meaning we determine the specific data that is collected and how it is processed.
Personal data is any information which allows to identify an individual and includes not only data that is considered personal in nature such as your name, email address and country but also data such as your IP address. All such data is collected during the registration process for a client account, when you make a network connection with us or when you get in contact with us. It is required in order to uniquely identify you and contact you for customer support purposes, maintenance renewals, notification of new product releases, and occasionally, to evaluate customer satisfaction with our products. Otherwise, we do not collect personal information from customers or browsers.
Other information we do amass, such as “Where did you hear from us?”, is used for statistical and product enhancement purposes only. Google Adwords tracking is used on some pages of the web site to measure the effectiveness of our advertisements and will not be used for any other purposes or to collect any information about our visitors.
For any use of data for purposes other than those described above we provide you with notification and an opportunity to consent to such use. When collecting credit card information over the internet, Amyuni Technologies uses secure transaction systems. This information is strictly used to process your order and is not stored into our systems. We do not disclose credit card account information provided by customers. Your personal data is kept so long as you remain a client of Amyuni Technologies and is deleted when that is no longer the case. However, data already present in audit logs, support records or business transaction records may be retained for these purposes.
Last updated: May 28, 2018
Server Products
Desktop Editions
White papers
Support
More Info
» Legal Info» Privacy Policy» Contact Us» Site Map» About Us
© Amyuni Technologies Inc. 2020. All Rights Reserved.