http://www.companyv.com/legal/Services-agreement.sqrl
ABOUT
About CompanyV
Who we are
How we work
Customer Showcase
Services Agreements
Prices and rate sheet
The Squirrel
SERVICES
BUSINESS
Secure File Shares
Hosted Subversion Repositories
Hosted Virtual Desktops and Servers
FTP Drops
Hosted Backup Solutions
Why Hosted Backup Solutions
EMAIL SERVICES
CompanyV DeSpaminator Email Services
Email Troubleshooting and Support
WEBSITE SERVICES
Website Design
Website Hosting
HTML Websites
WordPress
Wikis and Twikis
Content Management Systems
Communication Tools
CONSULTING
Technical Consulting
Business Consulting
SEO and Marketing Consulting
Sending Targeted Email
HELP
Frequently Asked Questions
Request an allow: Blocked Email
Trouble Ticket
Email Troubleshooting and Support
Sending Targeted Email
Set-up POP 3 email
Finding Email Headers
Bogus Account Warnings
The SQUIRREL Cert
What is a KB or Megabyte ot Terabyte?
Help Hosted WebDav
DeSpaminator Webmail Help
Help SFTP FTP
CONTACT US
Contact Us
Customer Spport
Trouble Ticket
Unblock Email Sender
News and Articles
THE CV BLOG
CompanyV.com
Services Agreement
[Support Request]    [Standard Rate Sheet]
TERMS OF SERVICE
CompanyV.com Corp reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to change, modify or otherwise alter these terms and conditions at any time. Changes and/or modifications shall become effective immediately upon the posting. Please review these Terms of Service periodically. Your continued use of services following the posting of changes and/or modifications will constitute your acceptance of these Terms of Service.
ZERO SPAM
Our services and its users are subject to our acceptable use, privacy, and security policies and violation of such may result in service suspension or cancellation. Acceptance of this agreement indicates acceptance to the below stated rules of conduct.
It is a condition of your use of
CompanyV.com Corp email and hosting services that you will abide by our rules of conduct:
You will not use any internet services for any illegal purposes (or to solicit any illegal act).
You will not post or transmit any unlawful, threatening, abusive, libelous, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, pornographic, profane or indecent information of any kind, including images and language.
You will not post on your site, email or upload any information, software or other material which violates or infringes upon the rights of others, including material which is an invasion of privacy or publicity rights or which is protected by copyright, trademark or other proprietary right, or derivative works with respect thereto, without first obtaining permission from the owner or right holder.
You will not transmit or upload any information, software or other material which contains viruses, time bombs, trojan horses, cancel bots, worms or other harmful or deleterious components or devices.
You will not post or transmit any defamatory, libelous, hateful, or harassing messages, information or material.
You will not use any services provided by CompanyV.com Corp for the purposes of sending junk email, chain letters, duplicative or unsolicited messages or "spamming" or in connection with promotions, contests, surveys or pyramid schemes.
You will not try to gain unauthorized access to CompanyV.com Corp Services, other users' accounts, or computers connected to the services though password mining or other means.
Acceptable Use Policy
CompanyV will do everything within our power to reduce the flood of Unsolicited and Dangerous email across the Internet.
READ COMPLETE: Acceptable Use Policy
CompanyV_Acceptable_Use_Policy.pdf
If we detect unacceptable use
by any of our customers we may halt services without notice. A $250.00 service charge will be billed for halting services plus $125.00 per hour for any and all actions required by us for resolution. If any additional penalties or expenses are incurred these will also be the responsibility of the customer.
Additional Acceptable Use Agreement for use of Message Boards and Forums
Please also read: Targeted Mail Requirements
MONITORING OF SERVICE
You agree that CompanyV.com, Corp. has the right to monitor the service electronically from time to time and to disclose any information as necessary to satisfy the law, or to protect itself or its subscribers. CompanyV.com, Corp. reserves the right to remove or to refuse to post any information or materials, in whole or in part, that, in its sole discretion, are unacceptable, undesirable or in violation of this agreement. CompanyV.com, Corp. reserves the right to monitor any and all communications through or with its facilities. You agree that CompanyV.com, Corp. is not considered a "secure communications medium" for the purposes of the ECPA, and that no expectation of privacy is afforded.
Blocking IP Addresses
CompanyV.com Corp blocks access from certain IP addresses when large amounts of spam are detected coming from a
particular range of addresses. Unfortunately, this occasionally (rarely) results in legitimate mail
being temporarily blocked as well.
Legitimate customers of certain ISPs sometimes are harmed by the actions of other customers using
the same ISP. In some cases,
bad actors have been using the facilities of
service providers, where the blocking action occurred.
When this happens, we work quickly to allow the legitimate mail
to be delivered.
BILLING & PAYMENT TERMS
Hosting services are billed on a monthly basis or as otherwise defined at the time which you signed up for or last changed your hosting plan. Full payment for hosting services is due 15 days after the invoice date. Overdue balances will be assessed finance charges of at the rate of eighteen percent (18%) annually. Failure to make full payment for overdue balances plus any finance charges 30 days past the invoice date may result in account deactivation. New accounts require a deposit prior to commencement of work. Deposits and payments are non-refundable.
You agree to hold us harmless from any losses incurred by service suspension or cancellation. Additionally, you will be held responsible for collection and or litigation costs incurred by failure to pay overdue balances. Reactivation of account will require full payment of the overdue balance plus any finance charges. Applicable setup charges will be applied to account reactivation.
FORCE MAJEURE
If by reason of failure of telecommunications or Internet service providers, labor disputes, riots, inability to obtain labor or materials, earthquake, fire or other action of the elements, accidents, governmental restrictions or other causes beyond the control of CompanyV.com, Corp., CompanyV.com, Corp. is unable to perform in whole or in part its obligations as set forth in this Agreement, then CompanyV.com Corp. shall be relieved of those obligations to the extent it is so unable to perform, and such inability to perform shall not make CompanyV.com Corp. liable to the user.
CANCELLATION
If at any time you wish to cancel your hosting account you must provide us with written notice, either by postal mail or email. Service will be cancelled at the end of your current payment period in which we receive your cancellation request. Deposits and payments are non-refundable. Account deactivation for non-payment or other causes does not constitute services cancellation and you will continue to be billed for hosting services until a cancellation request is received. Refunds will not be given for pre-paid services in the event of desired account cancellation prior to the expiration of the service term for which pre-payment has been made.
LOCALITY OF ARBITRATION
CompanyV.com Corp is located in Santa Monica, California. Arbitration brought against us regarding this and other policies shall be filed in our locality and under applicable local and state laws.
DISCLAIMERS
CompanyV.com offers services as is. We believe business should be conducted honestly, fairly and be subject to reasonableness. We strive to provide the highest quality of service and support. We cannot guarantee specific results for our services, but will operate under the principles stated above and expect you to do the same. We may update or change this policy at any time. You are bound by this agreement, and any future versions will become binding at the time you change or update what services we provide you.
INDEMNIFICATION
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless, CompanyV.com Corp, and their respective officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors, representatives, sub-contractors, consultants and third party providers to this site and all sites hosted by and services provided by CompanyV.com Corp from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, resulting from any violation of these Terms of Service by you - or by any of our customers or the customers of our customers. CompanyV.com Corp reserves the right to assume, at its sole expense, the exclusive defense and control of any matter subject to indemnification by you, in which event you will fully cooperate with CompanyV.com Corp in asserting any available defenses.
You specifically acknowledge and agree that CompanyV.com Corp is not liable for any defamatory, offensive or illegal conduct of any user.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY/DISCLAIMER
Your use and browsing of the internet is at your risk. If you are dissatisfied with any of the Materials contained in this site or any site hosted by CompanyV.com Corp, or with any of these Terms of Service, your sole and exclusive remedy is to discontinue accessing and using the Site.
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE PURSUANT TO APPLICABLE LAW, NEITHER COMPANYV.COM CORP
NOR ANY OTHER PARTY INVOLVED IN CREATING, PRODUCING OR DELIVERING THIS
SITE OR ANY SITE HOSTED BY COMPANYV.COM IS LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, INDIRECT OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF YOUR ACCESS TO, OR USE OF, THE WEBSITES. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, EVERYTHING ON THE SITE IS PROVIDED TO YOU "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT.
CompanyV.com Corp also assumes no responsibility, and shall not be liable for any damages to, or viruses that may infect, your computer equipment or other property on account of your access to, use of, or browsing in this site or any hosted site (including any email services) or your downloading of any materials from the websites or through an email account.
CompanyV.com Corp does not warrant or make any representations of any kind or nature with respect to the material posted on any hosted site or transmission via any email or otherwise electronically transmitted using the services we offer and host. Therefore, you are responsible for compliance with local laws, if and to the extent local laws are applicable.
If you feel that any of our hosted customers have violated any agreement please contact us and we will investigate and respond!
ZERO SPAM TOLERANCEIMPORTANT NOTICE:If you send SPAM - even through a third party and endanger the integrity of our services in any way - we will stop all of your services!
© 1995-2016 CompanyV.com Corp