http://www.premier-solutions.co.uk/privacy-policy/
We use cookies to monitor the performance of our web site. No Personally Identifiable Information (PII) is collected. For details see our privacy policy Close
Premier Solutions
0845 200 5117
HomeAboutProductsSolutionsServiceContact
Privacy Policy
We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our website visitors; this policy sets out how we will treat your personal information.
Our website uses cookies. By using our website and agreeing to this policy, you consent to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of this policy.
(1) What information do we collect?
We may collect, store and use the following kinds of personal information:
(a) information about your computer and about your visits to and use of this website (including your IP address, geographical location, browser type and version, operating system, referral source, length of visit, page views, website navigation and screen settings).
(b) information that you provide to us for the purpose of registering with us (including name, email address, telephone number, and nature of your enquiry).
(c) information that you provide to us for the purpose of subscribing to our website services, email notifications and/or newsletters (including name, email address, telephone number, and nature of your enquiry).
(e) any other information that you choose to send to us;
(2) Cookies
A cookie consists of a piece of text sent by a web server to a web browser, and stored by the browser. The information is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server. This enables the web server to identify and track the web browser.
We use “session” cookies on the website. We will use the session cookies to keep track of you whilst you navigate the website; and that you have requested information.
Session cookies will be deleted from your computer when you close your browser. Persistent cookies will remain stored on your computer until deleted, or until they reach a specified expiry date.
We use Google Analytics to analyse the use of this website. Google Analytics generates statistical and other information about website use by means of cookies, which are stored on users' computers. The information generated relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of the website. Google will store this information. Google's privacy policy is available at: http://www.google.com/privacypolicy.html.
Most browsers allow you to reject all cookies, whilst some browsers allow you to reject just third party cookies. For example, in Internet Explorer you can refuse all cookies by clicking “Tools”, “Internet Options”, “Privacy”, and selecting “Block all cookies” using the sliding selector. Blocking all cookies will, however, have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites.
(3) Using your personal information
Personal information submitted to us via this website will be used for the purposes specified in this privacy policy or in relevant parts of the website.
We may use your personal information to:
(a) improve your browsing experience by personalising the website;
(b) enable your use of the services available on the website;]
(c) send you general (non-marketing) commercial communications;
(d) send you email notifications which you have specifically requested;
(e) send to you our newsletter and other marketing communications relating to our business which we think may be of interest to you by post or, where you have specifically agreed to this, by email or similar technology (you can inform us at any time if you no longer require marketing communications)
(f) deal with enquiries and complaints made by or about you relating to the website.
Where you submit personal information for publication on our website, we will publish and otherwise use that information in accordance with the licence you grant to us.
We will not provide your personal information to any third parties.
(4) Disclosures
We may disclose information about you to [any of our employees, officers, agents, suppliers or subcontractors] insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes as set out in this privacy policy.
In addition, we may disclose your personal information:
(a) to the extent that we are required to do so by law;
(b) in connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings;
(c) in order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights (including providing information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention and reducing credit risk);
(d) to the purchaser (or prospective purchaser) of any business or asset that we are (or are contemplating) selling;
(e) to any person who we reasonably believe may apply to a court or other competent authority for disclosure of that personal information where, in our reasonable opinion, such court or authority would be reasonably likely to order disclosure of that personal information.
Except as provided in this privacy policy, we will not provide your information to third parties.
(5) Security of your personal information
We will take reasonable technical and organisational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information.
Of course, data transmission over the internet is inherently insecure, and we cannot guarantee the security of data sent over the internet.
(7) Policy amendments
We may update this privacy policy from time-to-time by posting a new version on our website. You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are happy with any changes.
(8) Your rights
You may instruct us to provide you with any personal information we hold about you. Provision of such information will be subject to:
(a) the payment of a fee (currently fixed at £100.00); and
(b) the supply of appropriate evidence of your identity [(for this purpose, we will usually accept a photocopy of your passport certified by a solicitor or bank plus an original copy of a utility bill showing your current address)].
We may withhold such personal information to the extent permitted by law.
You may instruct us not to process your personal information for marketing purposes[, by sending an email to us]. In practice, you will usually either expressly agree in advance to our use of your personal information for marketing purposes, or we will provide you with an opportunity to opt-out of the use of your personal information for marketing purposes.
(9) Third party websites
The website contains links to other websites. We are not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of third party websites.
(10) Updating information
Please let us know if the personal information which we hold about you needs to be corrected or updated.
(11) Contact
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or our treatment of your personal information, please write to us by email to online@premier-solutions.co.uk or by post to 15 City Business Park, Somerset Place, Plymouth. PL3 4BB.
(12) Data controller
The data controller responsible in respect of the information collected on this website is Premier Solutions.
Datalogic Scanning | Accredited Reseller
Datamax O'Neil | ValuedPartner
Zebra Technologies | Value Added Reseller
GS1 UK | Solutions Provider
Zebra | Reseller
Terms of UsePrivacy PolicyCookies