https://www.cerenade.com/privacy-policy/
Section 1
Privacy is very important to us here at Cerenade. We want to make your experience with us as easy and valuable as possible. We want you to use the Internet’s vast array of information, tools, and opportunities with complete confidence.
We have created this policy to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy and security. This policy describes how Cerenade collects information from all users of Cerenade (the “Services”). In this policy, the end users are defined as those who access Cerenade services and products for a fee or for free (“Users”). This Privacy Policy also describes what we do with the information we collect, and the choices Users have concerning the collection and use of such information. Cerenade requests that you read this Privacy Policy carefully and completely.
Introduction
Cerenade collects information in different ways from Users who access the various parts of our services and products. We use this information primarily to provide you a customized experience as you use our services and products.
Registration (information we collect)
Users are asked to provide certain personal information such as name, law firm, address, and telephone number when they sign-up for our services. The personal information collected from Users during the registration process is used to manage each user’s account (such as for billing purposes).
Accounting
If you order products directly from Cerenade, we will use the personal information you provide only to process that order.
Special Cases
It is Cerenade’s policy not to use or share the personal information about Users in ways unrelated to the ones described above. However, Cerenade may disclose personal information about Users, or information regarding your use of the services or web sites accessible through our services, for any reason if, in our sole discretion, we believe that it is reasonable to do so. For example, we may be required to disclose an individual’s personal information in response to a lawful request by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. Also, we may disclose information that is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be violating our Acceptable Use Policy or other user policies; to operate the services properly; or to protect Cerenade and our Users.
Sharing Data with Third Party Agents
We actively utilize the services of credit card processors and web-hosting service providers who act as our agents to consummate our business relationship with individuals.  All third party agents are contractually bound to extend the same level of data security we articulate in this policy.  As previously stated, we do not share any personal data with non-agent third parties or permit that information to be used for reasons other than those for which it was originally provided.  If this practice should change in the future, we will update this policy to identify those non agent entities as well as the purpose for data sharing.  We will also provide individuals with opt-out or opt-in, as appropriate, choice regarding the sharing of their data.
Cookies
A “cookie” is a small data file that can be placed on your hard drive when you visit certain web sites. Cerenade may use cookies to collect and store your own personal preferences settings. We will use a cookie to save your settings and to provide customizable and personalized services. These cookies do not enable third parties to access any of your customer information. Additionally, be aware that if you visit non-Cerenade web sites where you are prompted to log in or that are customizable, you may be required to accept cookies. Advertisers and partners may also use their own cookies. We do not control use of these cookies and expressly disclaim responsibility for information collected through them.
Data Security
Data that we gather, with the exception of credit card information (ie, name, email, phone number, and address) will be retained indefinitely in the event of future return clients and/or internal marketing endeavors. Regarding credit card information, when a client retains Cerenade’s services, data is entered into the system, and then encrypted for protection. If a client decides to end services with Cerenade, this credit card information is then deleted from Cerenade’s servers.
Data Services and websites we sponsor have security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse, or alteration of the information under our control. While we make every effort to ensure the integrity and security of our network and systems, we cannot guarantee that our security measures will prevent third-party “hackers” from illegally obtaining this information. In the event that there is a data breach on our servers, we will notify our users of said breach within 72 hours.
Registry Settings
In order to use and interact with the electronic forms that are available in Cerenade Services, users will be prompted to install the latest Form Filler to their PCs. Installation of Multimedia Abacus Form Filler is safe and requires modifications to the registry of the user’s PC. Cerenade is in compliance with California Consumer Protection Against Spyware Act.
How to Access or Modify Your Personal Profile
Pursuant to the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Frameworks, Users have the right to access, modify, or delete their personal data that is incorrect or has been handled in violation of the Privacy Shield Principles. Cerenade extends this ability to individuals to change or erase their personal data at their own discretion via on-screen links. If you have questions on how to access, modify, or delete your information please contact our Support Department at (310)645-0598 or email support@cerenade.com.
EU-US and Swiss-US Privacy Shield Certification
Cerenade complies with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the US Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information from the European Union and Switzerland to the United States, respectively. Cerenade has certified that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles of Notice, Choice, Accountability for Onward Transfer, Security, Data Integrity and Purpose Limitation, Access, and Recourse, Enforcement and Liability. If there is any conflict between the policies in this privacy policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification page, please visit https://www.privacyshield.gov/
What is Privacy Shield?
The EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Frameworks were designed by the U.S. Department of Commerce, and the European Commission and Swiss Administration, respectively, to provide companies on both sides of the Atlantic with a mechanism to comply with data protection requirements when transferring personal data from the European Union and Switzerland to the United States in support of transatlantic commerce. On July 12, 2016, the European Commission deemed the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework adequate to enable data transfers under EU law. On January 12, 2017, the Swiss Government announced the approval of the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as a valid legal mechanism to comply with Swiss requirements when transferring personal data from Switzerland to the United States.
https://www.privacyshield.gov/servlet/servlet.FileDownload?file=015t0000000QJdg
The Federal Trade Commission (otherwise known as the FTC) has jurisdiction with enforcement authority over Cerenade’s compliance with the Privacy Shield frameworks.
Onward Transfer
Pursuant to the Privacy Shield Frameworks, Cerenade remains liable for the onward transfer of personal data to third parties unless we can prove we were not a party giving rise to the damages.
Privacy Shield Complaint Contact and Dispute Resolution
In compliance with the EU-US and Swiss-US Privacy Shield Principles, Cerenade commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information. European Union and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding this privacy policy should first contact Cerenade at:
Customer Service
Cerenade
9800 S. La Cienega Blvd., #411
Inglewood, CA 90301
United States
Phone:310-645-0598
Email: support@cerenade.com
Cerenade has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the EU-US and Swiss-US Privacy Shield Principles BBB EU PRIVACY SHIELD, a non-profit alternative dispute resolution provider located in the United States. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint, or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed, please visit www.bbb.org/EU-privacy-shield/for-eu-consumers/ for more information and to file a complaint. This service is provided at no cost to you.
Finally, a User can, under certain limited conditions, initiate a “binding arbitration” claim before a Privacy Shield Panel. A user can only invoke said binding arbitration after certain requirements have been met. For more information on these Pre-arbitration requirements, please visit https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=ANNEX-I-introduction
Revisions to This Policy
Cerenade reserves the right to revise, amend, or modify this policy at any time and in any manner. Any revision, amendment, or modification will be effective ten (10) days after Cerenade posts notice to Users. Finally, if Cerenade decides to use or share data in ways not previously acknowledged or authorized in the above privacy policy, Users will have the option to either opt-in or opt-out to the use and/or sharing of said data before it’s use and/or sharing.
Policy last updated 11/13/2019.