http://www.mythic-beasts.com/terms/privacy
Privacy Policy
Our compliance with Data Protection legislation, including GDPR
User ID:
—
Customer:
—
login
Mythic Beasts Ltd provides a variety of internet hosting services.
These services include domain registration, SSL certificate procurement,
DNS configuration, running shared servers to host customer websites and
email, providing virtual servers and dedicated servers, co-locating
customer hardware, managing servers on behalf of customers, and
providing backups.
Providing these services can result in Mythic Beasts
processing personal data.
In doing so, it is our policy to comply with
all applicable provisions of the Data Protection Acts and the General
Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), and to make all reasonable efforts to
keep personal data secure and up-to-date.
The GDPR makes a distinction between personal data that we collect for
our own purposes, and personal data which we process on behalf of third
parties, typically a customer.
For the former class of data, Mythic
Beasts are the data controller; in the latter case, we are the data
processor acting for a third-party data controller.
It is the data
controller who has ultimate responsibility for ensuring data is only
processed for legitimate purposes, is kept secure, and is not retained
longer than necessary.
When are Mythic Beasts the data controller?
We are the data controller for all systems which are for our
internal use.
This includes our systems for customer support,
billing, finances and human resources.
We are the data controller for all personal data on our mail hubs.
Customers have no access to these (other than to send mail through
them) and have relatively little control over how mail is processed
on them.
We are the data controller for all personal data on our nameservers,
other than any personal data which customers may have put into their
zone files, for which we are just a data processor.
We are the data controller for all personal data in server logs on
our shared hosting servers, except where we have given the user
control over what is logged and how long the logs are retained, and
the ability to delete logs, in which case we are just a data
processor.
We are a data processor of all user data on shared hosting servers
or shared database servers.
This includes data stored on websites,
in mailboxes, or in databases.
We are a data processor for all personal data on any customer’s
virtual server, dedicated server or co-located server which we have
been given permission to access, whether via a server management
contract or through some other arrangement.
We are a data processor for all personal data which is backed up to
our backup servers, unless the data being backed up is data for which
we are data controller, in which case we are data controller for the
backup too.
We are neither the data controller nor a data processor of personal
data on any virtual server, dedicated server or co-located server
which the customer has not given us permission to access,
notwithstanding the fact that it may sometimes technically be
possible for us to gain access to them.
Our responsibilities as a data controller
This section describes the types of personal data Mythic Beasts is
responsible for as a data controller, how long we retain it, what we do
with that data, and when we are permitted to disclose that data to a
third party.
What information do we collect?
We hold and process the following types of personal data:
Contact information of anyone authorised to liaise with us on behalf
of a customer.
This information includes the contact’s name,
organisation name, email address, postal address, phone number and
fax number.
Details of payments made to us or by us.
This may include the
contact information of the card holder or account holder from whom a
payment was received.
It does not include the bank account number
when paying by bank transfer or direct debit, nor does it include
the card number when paying by credit or debit card.
Payroll and human resources information for employees and job
applicants.
This includes employee health and absence information
which is special category data in the meaning of the GPDR.
Administrative records such as contact details, bank account details
(where provided for electronic payment), accounting records,
correspondence files and contact information for suppliers and
others.
Access credentials (typically usernames and passwords) created by or
provided to customers and other users in order to access our
services.
Server logs.
These generally details of the service being accessed,
the date and time of the connection, the IP address used to connect
to the service, and any username used to authenticate access to the
service.
Passwords are never logged.
a.
Web server logs include the URL being accessed (including any
“GET” CGI parameters), and the user-agent string which typically
identifies the name and version of the web browser or operating
system.
Content in the bodies of HTTP requests or responses is
not logged.
b.
Email server logs include the envelope sender and recipients,
and the subject line of the email being sent.
Content in the
bodies of email messages is not logged, but may be processed by
spam detection software and the result of this logged.
A log of major operations performed via our control panel, such as
when a server is rebooted, or the nameservers for a domain are
changed.
Correspondence sent to or by the company, or its employees and
contractors when acting on the company’s behalf.
How long do we retain this data?
Contact information for customer account contacts is held until
either it is replaced, or 11 years has elapsed since the account
last had an active service or product attached to it.
This includes
the name of the company or organisation holding the account.
The amount and date of customer payments, the type of service or
product purchased, and the applicable customer account number is
retained indefinitely.
However the deletion of the account contact
information, as described above, leaves this information anonymised.
Financial and administrative records, including payroll information
and any additional details associated with customer payments, may be
held for up to 11 years in order to conform to the current EU VAT MOSS
requirements.
Human resources information is held for 8 years.
Information on
unsuccessful candidates is deleted within a year of application,
unless otherwise requested by the applicant (which consent may be
withdrawn at any time).
Access credentials are held only for as long as they are valid.
They are deleted once the service to which they pertain is
cancelled, or the credentials are changed.
Server logs are normally held for 30 days or less.
In some cases,
it is necessary to store logs for a longer period to comply with the
Investigatory Powers Act or other legislation.
For this reason,
email logs are normally retained for 12 months.
The log of major operations performed through the control panel is
retained for 3 years.
Correspondence may, at the company’s discretion, be held indefinitely.
How do we use this data?
We use your contact information to contact you as necessary to provide
the services or products you ordered, including when issuing invoices,
to remind you when a product or service is about to expire, to inform
you of any changes which may affect your account or the services we are
providing to you, or to alert you to any problems with your account or
services we are providing to you.
We also use your contact information
to identify you when you contact us.
If you have explicitly opted to receive such communications, we may also
use your contact information to send you occasional informational or
marketing materials about Mythic Beasts and our services and products.
You may withdraw your consent at any time, either through our control
panel or by contacting us.
We process personal data, particularly server logs, to detect illegal
activity or unauthorised use of our server, such as in sending or
relaying of unsolicited bulk email (spam), attempting to gain
unauthorized access to other equipment connected to the Internet, or
mounting denial of service attacks on other equipment; and to identify
the cause of any such activity detected.
We may use personal data to review and improve the services we offer.
This may include analysing our logs to understand how our services are
used, and reviewing past correspondence to understand what difficulties
have arisen.
Access credentials are used to ensure only authorised persons can access
our services.
Passwords are always stored using a one-way hash.
Disclosure of your data to third parties
Mythic Beasts Ltd will not disclose your personal data except as
described below.
We may enter enter into a contract with a third party to process data
which may include your personal data.
In such a situation, the third
party will be acting as the data processor under us as data
controllers, and the data processor will be based in the United
Kingdom or European Economic Area.
If you register a domain, you are required to provide contact
information which we pass to the domain registry, which may disclose
the information further (via the whois service or otherwise).
We
allow you to customise the information provided, but it is not
normally possible to opt out of providing this information
altogether.
There can be costs associated with subsequently
changing this contact information, and other restrictions may be
placed on changes to the provided information.
We believe it is
likely that the compatibility of this process with the GDPR will be
tested in court in the near future, and it will very probably have
to be changed as a result.
If you use a service which requires sending you an SMS message –
such as if you enable two-factor authentication on your account or
configure SMS monitoring of a server – we may disclose your phone
number to an SMS provider who may be outside the European Economic
Area.
Your data will be disclosed or shared if there a legal duty to do
so, or as ordered by a competent court or law enforcement agency.
We may disclose, share or transfer your personal data to any future
subsidiary company or holding company.
In the event that Mythic Beasts Ltd sells all or substantially all
of its assets to a third party, your personal data will be
transferred to that party.
Our responsibilities as a data processor
We are a data processor of customer data on some customer or shared
servers.
Unless the customer has informed us, we do not in general know
whether the data includes personal data, and if so whether is special
category data as defined by the GDPR.
However we assume by default that
it will contain unspecified personal data.
About us
Mythic Beasts Ltd is a privately owned limited company registered in
England and Wales, company number 04052652.
In this policy, Mythic
Beasts Ltd is sometimes referred to as “we”, “us” or “our”, depending on
context.
Our postal address is 103 Beche Road, Cambridge, CB5 8HX.
Our
email address is support@mythic-beasts.com..
Mythic Beasts
Home
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Contact
Follow us on
Twitter
About Us
Mythic Beasts is a privately owned hosting ISP with a focus on a no-nonsense service backed by
excellent technical support
More about Mythic Beasts…
Contact Us
We realise that the range of options can be daunting, and are always very
happy to offer advice on what makes sense for you.
Drop us an email and we'll do our best to help.
sales@mythic-beasts.com
Other ways to contact us
Copyright © 2013 - 2020 Mythic Beasts Ltd
Raspberry Pi is a trademark of the Raspberry Pi Foundation