http://www.techiwarehouse.com/privacy.php
Home | Contact | Sitemap
Tweet
CATEGORIES
ARTICLES
TUTORIALS
ONLINE VIDEO TRAINING
FREELANCE PROJECTS
RESOURCES
Link Exchange
Write For Us
Suggest a Topic
ABOUT US
Advertise
Privacy Policy
We Recommend:
AgMAY Inc., the creator of Techi-Warehouse, is committed to honoring the privacy of Techi-Warehouse members and visitors. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices.
There aren't any information that we require or collect from our visitors. One piece of information that is collected by our servers is the visitors IP address. However, this does not specify any person in particular and therefore is not used to pinpoint anyone. WE DO NOT SELL, TRADE, EXCHANGE OR OTHERWISE MAKE AVAILABLE ANY PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION TO ANY OTHER COMPANY OR ORGANIZATION.
The member contact information is also used to contact the member periodically about their satisfaction rating on Techi-Warehouse, and in these mailings we may include offers from our partners. Other than what is mentioned above, we will not send you unsolicited information, commercial offers, and advertisements.
This site contains links to other sites. Techi-Warehouse is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
As part of the Techi-Warehouse Search service we use a third party engine of which we have no control over.
Cookies
In the course of serving advertisements to this site, our third-party advertiser may place or recognize a unique "cookie" on your browser.
We use Maxworldwide and other third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements on this site and other sites about goods and services that may be of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, please click here.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under control of our webs hosts. Our web host uses firewall and encryption technology to protect your information, and our servers are located in a guarded co-location facility under 24-hour surveillance.
Contacting Techi-Warehouse about Privacy
Questions regarding this statement should be directed to the Techi-Warehouse site coordinator, at this link.
Did You Know?Lawyers in United States alone make $75,000 on average by providing their policy writing experience.
Did You Know?
Privacy | Sitemap | Advertise | Contact
Copyright © 2020 Houston Websites, Inc.