http://www.douglas.com/index.php/privacy_policy/
510.483.8770
My Cart
Home
pc/104
custom boards
breadboards
software
design services
about douglas
contact us
Shipping and Return Policy
Home
>
Shipping and Return Policy
Thank you for visiting Douglas Electronics, Inc. If you don’t see an answer to your question in the information below, please e-mail us.
Payment
We accept Visa, MasterCard, and American Express. You may also pay with PayPal. Your credit card will be charged upon placing your order. If your company is based in the United States, you may also e-mail us. to see about applying for Net 30 terms.
Sales Tax
Douglas Electronics is located in California, and we are required to charge California Sales Tax on all orders shipped to destinations in California that are not for resale or to the federal government. You will be asked to submit a copy of your California Resale Certificate in order to not be charged sales tax. Orders shipped to Alameda County will also be charged applicable local taxes.
Shipping
Domestic orders are shipped via UPS or FedEx. For both carriers, you may choose either Ground, 2-Day, or Overnight shipping (by 10:30 AM to most locations). Use the following table to determine your freight charge. If you have a UPS or FedEx account, you may enter it on the order form and we will charge freight to that account when the order is shipped, and freight charges will not be added to your order.
If not specified, we will ship UPS 2-Day.
Order ValueGround2-DayOvernight
$1-$100
10.00
25.00
55.00
$101-$250
12.00
30.00
65.00
$251-$500
15.00
45.00
70.00
$501-$1000
20.00
60.00
85.00
$1001-$1500
25.00
75.00
100.00
$1501-$2000
30.00
90.00
125.00
The following table is for DOMESTIC SHIPPING ONLY.
International orders are shipped via UPS or FedEx, Priority or Economy. International Priority shipping usually takes about 3 to 5 business days, while Economy can take up to two weeks depending on the destination. Douglas Electronics cannot predict possible customs clearance delays, and therefore cannot be held responsible if an international order does not arrive within the estimated time frame provided by the carrier. FedEx and UPS always provide tracking numbers, so you will be able to track the progress of your order.
DHL shipping for international orders will only be used if you provide your own DHL account number.
International Duties & Taxes
All Douglas Electronics products are shipped from the U.S. and may be subject to customs duties not included in the product price or freight charge. You are responsible for all applicable customs duties, tariffs, taxes, or Value Added Tax (VAT), which are collected by the carrier upon delivery. Customs duties are set and collected by the government of the country where your order is delivered, not by Douglas Electronics. We cannot discount or alter customs duties in any way or reimburse you for them. Duties and taxes vary by country, so please check your local regulations.
Returns on Non-defective Items
You are welcome to return an off the shelf product (PC/104, breadboard, etc.) for any reason, but you will be charged a 20% restocking fee on non-defective items. Original shipping costs on non-defective items will not be refunded, and you must pay the return shipping cost.
Wrong or Defective Items
We quality check and package our products very carefully, but if you do receive a defective product, or a different item than what you ordered, you may return it within 90 days of your purchase for a full refund or exchange. We can also evaluate the product to see if it can be repaired. We will pay return shipping on defective or wrong products.
Any product you return, whether defective or not, must be in the same condition you received it in. Refunds will be applied to the same credit card or PayPal account used for the original purchase.
If you have any issues with your order, please e-mail us. or call 510-483-8770 ext. 4 between 10:00 AM and 4:00 PM Pacific Time.
PRIVACY POLICY
Customer Information
During a visit to douglas.com, you will encounter interactive forms that ask for contact information (e-mail address, telephone number, shipping and billing addresses). This information is collected for the purpose of providing PCB quotes or contacting you if you request information about our products and services. Providing this information is not required.
When you submit an order, your name, shipping address, billing address, telephone number and e-mail address are entered into our customer database. This information is used only for fulfillment of orders, and correspondence concerning orders. It is not shared with any third parties, except for those necessary to fulfill the order, such as shipping carriers and the credit card processing company.
Your information is never rented, sold or traded to third parties.
If you have an open account with Douglas Electronics, credit and payment history may be shared with other vendors you do business with if they request a credit inquiry.
Customer information is used for marketing and market research for Douglas Electronics. This will only be done by authorized employees of Douglas Electronics. All customer information is kept confidential.
Douglas Electronics will share information with government agencies if required by law, and only if requested.
Customer Credit Card Information
When you submit an order on douglas.com, your credit card information is sent directly to our payment gateway Authorize.net. No employee of Douglas Electronics ever sees or has access to your credit card information. Authorize.net, in turn, sends the information to our merchant service provider, who then processes the credit card transaction. Authorize.net only stores/makes viewable the last 4 digits of the card number, the billing information, and amount. They do not store/make viewable the expiration date or card security code in their own system.
Please visit www.authorize.net for their privacy policy.
© 2015-2019 Douglas Electronics, Inc.
creative electronic innovation since 1953
Shipping, Return and Privacy Policy