http://www.osl.co.nz/article/privacy
No Message
Processing...
OSL Software
Home
Products
OSL Office
OSL Website
OSL Agent Live
OSL Commercial
OSL Business
OSL Rentals
OSL Broker
OSL Rural
OSL Website Demo
Utilities
Micro-websites
Listing Videos
Contact Import
Txt Credits
Data Backup
News
Support
OSL Office Live support
OSL Agent Live support
OSL Broker Support
Remote Connect
Training
Links
About Us
Contact Us
Careers
Privacy
Overview
Privacy Statement
OSL has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our commitment to privacy. This document discloses our information gathering and usage practices.
USE OF YOUR INFORMATION
OSL does not sell or rent your personal information to third parties.
OSL collects personal information about you through your use of the Services and the Website, including your registration details and information relating to your use of the Website and the content you access.
OSL may use this personal information to help us provide the Services to you, to verify your identity, to enforce or apply our terms and conditions, to protect the rights, property, or safety of OSL , our users, or others, for internal research purposes, for promoting and marketing other OSL products and Services to you, and for any other use that you authorise
We would only release a user’s personal information only when we believe release is appropriate for legal compliance and law enforcement (including to government agencies with statutory law enforcement responsibilities); to facilitate court proceedings; enforce or apply our terms and conditions; or protect the rights, property, or safety of OSL, our users, or others. For example Government agencies with statutory roles enabling them to request data from us. You can contact OSL to ask whether such information has been provided.
EMAIL
OSL will send newsletters and other communications to clients from time to time. Newsletters will contain clear and obvious instructions for how the client can remove himself or herself from that mailing list.
We do use email as a means of receiving feedback from our members, and we encourage you to email us with your questions or comments.
UPDATING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
OSL provides you with ways in which you can update your personal information, including changing your email address, password, phone number, etc. OSL will store previous email addresses against your profile to ensure compliance with our Terms and Conditions - specifically the use of one account per member.
CONTROL OF YOUR PASSWORD
You are responsible for all actions taken with your user name, email address and password, including fees. Therefore we do not recommend that you disclose your OSL password to any third parties. If you choose to share your user name, email address and password or your information with third parties to provide you additional services, you are responsible for all actions taken with this information and therefore you should review that third party's privacy policy.
It is important for you to protect against unauthorised access to your password and to your computer. Ensure you logout when you have finished visiting OSL, especially if you access OSL from a shared computer.
CREDIT AND DEBIT CARD SECURITY
We work diligently to protect the security of your personal information, including credit and debit card information.
We protect your credit and debit card information during transmission by using the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol, which encrypts your information when transmitted over the Internet. OSL does not retain any card details.
COOKIES AND LOCAL STORAGE
OSL uses various technologies, including cookies and local storage, to collect and store information about you when you use the services of OSL.
Cookies and local storage allow us to store information (including your personal information) in a file on the device you use to access OSL. We use cookies and local storage to deliver information and fresh content specific to your interests and to improve the experience of using OSL. Cookies and local storage are widely used.
OSL uses "session" cookies to temporarily store information to help you use OSL. This information is used to deliver the right content to you as you use OSL and avoids unnecessarily asking you to log in. Session cookies expire immediately when you close your browser or are deleted after 30 minutes of no activity on OSL.
OSL also uses "persistent" cookies and local storage to personalise the user experience, to help protect our members and to provide us with research information (such as how often members visit OSL each month). Persistent cookies allow us to track users on OSL and helps us identify users abusing the OSL service. A persistent auto-login cookie is also stored when you select the "remember me" option when logging in. The auto-login cookie is removed if you log out.
OTHER INFORMATION WE COLLECT
If you send us correspondence, such as emails or letters, we may collect such information into a file specific to you.
Customer service phone conversations may be recorded for internal training and quality assurance purposes. This helps us ensure the information we provide members is consistent and accurate. Phone records will be stored securely and will generally be retained for up to six months.
UPDATES TO OUR INFORMATION PRACTICES
From time to time, we make changes to our information practices or alter the functionality of our services. We always update this statement accordingly, so we encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on privacy practices at OSL.
If you have any questions about our privacy policies or any other matter, please contact us.
GET A DEMOWe know real estate and ITOSL Softwarehandcrafted in Aotearoa
SolutionOSL OfficeOSL Agent LiveOSL CommercialOSL BusinessOSL RuralOSL RentalsmyplaceLoginOSL Office Live OSL Agent Live CompanyAbout Privacy Sitemap NewsNews Supportsupport@oslsoftware.com Contactinfo@oslsoftware.com OSL SoftwareAucklandNew Zealand
© 2020 OSL Software
| Sitemap
| powered by OSL
Follow Us
Twitter
Contact Us
Please confirm you are not a robot by completing the Captcha.
Download File
Please confirm you are not a robot by completing the Captcha.
See OSL Office In Action.
Get a 30 minute demo with a product expert
Please confirm you are not a robot by completing the Captcha.
No Message
Processing...