https://www.telemate.net/privacy-policy/
15 Min Consult
Privacy PolicyLast Updated: July 28, 2020TeleMate.Net Software LLC. (Hereinafter “TeleMate.Net Software,” “our,” or “we”) respects individual privacy and values the confidence of its customers, employees, business partners, and others. TeleMate.Net Software complies with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Frameworks as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information from European Union member countries, the United Kingdom and Switzerland to the United States. TeleMate.Net Software has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles. If there is any conflict between the terms of this privacy policies and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern.
To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification page, please visit www.privacyshield.gov.
TeleMate.Net Software is subject to the regulatory and enforcement authority of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission (FTC).
This privacy policy describes the practices used by TeleMate.Net Software with regard to the collection and use of Personal Information.
I. Terms
For purposes of this Policy, the following definitions shall apply:
“EU” (European Union) refers to those countries that are members of the European Union.
“Personal Information” means any information or set of information received by TeleMate.Net Software that identifies or could be used to identify an individual
“TEM” means telecommunications expense management
“UC Analytics” means Unified communication Analytics
“Third Party” means any person that is not an employee or agent of the TeleMate.Net Software.
II. Legal / Privacy Officer
TeleMate.Net Software has a designated Legal / Privacy Officer responsible for our compliance with and enforcement of this Policy. TeleMate.Net Software educates its employees most likely to be in possession of Personal Information concerning compliance with this Policy and undertakes self-assessment to assure compliance. Questions or complaints regarding this Policy and any privacy-related issue should be submitted by mail or email to the attention of Legal / Privacy Officer, at the address found at the end of this document.
III. Collection and Use of Personal Information
This Policy applies to all Personal Information received by TeleMate.Net Software in any format including electronic, paper or verbal. TeleMate.Net Software collects and processes Personal Information from current and former employees, as well as applicants for employment, customers, and prospective customers, through its Internet websites, its Intranet site, electronic mail, and traditional mail. TeleMate.Net Software is the sole owner of this information that it collects.
All Personal Information collected by TeleMate.Net Software will be used for legitimate business purposes consistent with this Policy. TeleMate.Net Software will not sell trade or transfer any of the Personal Information collected with Third Parties.
IV. Privacy Principles
The privacy principles in this Policy are based on the EU-U.S. and Swiss-US Privacy Shield Principles.
Notice: TeleMate.Net Software collects Personal Information for, among other reasons, human resource management such as payroll administration, filling employment positions, maintaining accurate benefits records, meeting governmental reporting requirements, security, health and safety management.
TeleMate.Net Software receives network activity logs from customers, for the purpose of providing UC Analytics and TEM services, information which may be considered personal information. This information may be received directly from the customer and or through the processing of unified communication log records. The type of information received may be one or more of the following; Employee Id, Name, Title, Department, Cost Center, Email Address, Phone Numbers and Addresses. This information is used solely for the purposes of providing contracted UC Analytics services to customers.
TeleMate.Net Software may collect information through registration on our website, submission of a technical service request, responding to a survey or filling out a form. When ordering or registering on our site you may be asked to enter your name, e-mail address, mailing address or phone number. The information collected may be used in one or more of the following ways; personalize your experience, improve our website, improve customer service, promotion or survey, or to send periodic emails.
Choice: No customer provided data considered personal information or otherwise is used for any purpose other than for the purpose for which it was originally provided by customer. Individuals or employees may request to opt-out of personal information being collected for customer’s business need by submitting a request in writing by mail or email to the attention of Legal / Privacy Officer, at the address found at the end of this document.
TeleMate.Net Software does not disclose customer personal information to third parties unless required by law or authorized individuals of respective customers or employees.
Onward Transfer (Transfers to Third Parties): TeleMate.Net Software does not disclose information to third parties unless required by law or authorized individuals of respective customers or employees acting as agents. If this practice changes in the future we will update this policy and provide individuals with opt-out choice prior to sharing their personal data.
TeleMate.Net Software is liable for the transfer of personal data to third parties unless we can prove we were not a party giving rise to the actions. Note that we may be required to disclose personal data of EU, UK and Swiss individuals in response to lawful requests by public authorities including to meet law enforcement and national security requirements.
Access and Correction: TeleMate.Net Software acknowledges the individual’s right to access their personal data. Upon request to Telemate.Net Software’s Legal / Privacy Officer, TeleMate.Net Software will grant individuals reasonable access to Personal Information that it holds about them. In addition, TeleMate.Net Software will take reasonable steps to permit individuals to correct or amend information that is demonstrated to be inaccurate or incomplete. Individuals may also request deletion of information that has been processed in violation of the Privacy Shield Principles. Any employee that desires to review or update his or her Personal Information can do so by contacting human resources.
Security: TeleMate.Net Software’s Managed and Hosted solutions maintain customer information on secure servers located in secure data centers. TeleMate.Net Software will take reasonable precautions to protect Customer Information in its possession from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. Customer Information stored on these servers is protected by firewalls restricting access and requires login ids and passwords to access the information. TeleMate.Net Software limits access to Customer Information and data to those persons in our organization that have a specific business purpose for maintaining and processing such Personal Information and data. Any individuals who are granted access to Personal Information will have been made aware of their responsibilities to protect the security, confidentiality, and integrity of that information and will have been provided training and instruction on how to do so.
Data Integrity: TeleMate.Net Software will collect only Personal Information which is relevant for the purposes for which it is to be used (see Principle 1, Notice). TeleMate.Net Software will take reasonable steps to ensure that Personal Information is relevant, accurate, complete, and current, to its intended use.
Enforcement: TeleMate.Net Software on a regular basis conducts audits of its security and privacy practices to verify adherence to the EU-U.S. and Swiss-US Privacy Shield Principles. Any employee that we determine is in violation of this Policy will be subject to disciplinary action as appropriate based on our Sanction policy.
V.
Customer Complaint and Recourse for Consumer and Non-Human Resources Data
In compliance with the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Principles, TeleMate.Net Software commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information.
European Union, United Kingdom and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding this privacy policy should first contact Telemate.Net Software’s Legal / Privacy Officer at:
Email: globaloperations@telemate.net
TeleMate.Net Software, LLC.
Attn: Legal / Contracts
5555 Triangle Parkway Suite 150  Norcross, GA 30092  USA
TeleMate.Net Software has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Principles to BBB EU PRIVACY SHIELD, a non-profit alternative dispute resolution provider located in the United States. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint, or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed, please visit https://bbbprograms.org/privacy-shield-complaints/ for more information and to file a complaint.
VI. Last Chance Binding Arbitration
If your Privacy Shield complaint cannot be resolved through the above channels, under certain conditions, you may invoke binding arbitration for some residual claims not resolved by other redress mechanisms.
See Privacy Shield Annex 1 at https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=ANNEX-I-introduction
VII. Contact Information
Any additional questions or concerns regarding the use or disclosure of Personal Information should be directed to TeleMate.Net Software’s Legal / Privacy Officer at:
Email: globaloperations@telemate.net
TeleMate.Net Software, LLC.
Attn: Legal / Contracts
5555 Triangle Parkway Suite 150  Norcross, GA 30092  USA
TeleMate.Net Software may amend this privacy policy from time to time consistent with the requirements of the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Principles. We will post any revised policy on this website.
Products
On Premise
Cloud
Hybrid
UC&C Audit Service
Features
Sources
Voice
Contact Center
Video
Collaboration
Email
Managed Services / Cloud UC&C
Statistical Analytics
KPI Modeling
Endpoint Geo-Location
Interactive Heatmaps
Cradle to Grave Visualization
SIP Ladder
Event Log Management
Real-time Dashboards
Automated Reporting
Role-based Access Controls
Multi-Tenant Security
Solutions
Workplace Analytics
Predictive Analytics
UC Service Modeling
Adoption Analysis
User Experience Analytics
Troubleshooting
Contact Center Performance
Traffic Management
CDR Reporting
Cost Allocation
Invoicing and Billing
Expense Management
Regulatory Compliance
Service Assurance
UC Devices
Network Devices
Event Log Management
Benefits
Top Line
Faster Time to Market
Increase Sales
Increased Productivity
Customer Retention
Customer Satisfaction
Campaign Tracking
Bottom Line
Single Solution
Reduced Headcount
Adoption Analysis
UC License Alignment
Improved QoS
Quicker Troubleshooting
SLA Monitoring
Services
Technical Support
Professional Services
Technical Audits
UC Data Analyst
Company
About Us
Leadership
News
Partners
Premier Partners
Government Partners
Careers
Contact Us