http://www.teamstudio.com/privacy-policy
Home
Developer Tools
Migration Tools
HCL Products
Downloads
Support
Tech Support
Contact Sales
Support for IBM Employees
Resources
Videos
Licensing
Product Documentation
Blog
About
Privacy PolicyThis page contains our Statement of Privacy, which governs our data collection and usage.
TEAMSTUDIO GROUP STATEMENT OF PRIVACYTeamstudio is committed to protecting your privacy and providing you with a safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy applies to the Teamstudio website, as well as our interactions with you through other media, and governs data collection and usage. By using the Teamstudio website or communicating with our sales or technical support staff, you consent to the data practices described in this statement. This Statement of Privacy will explain how we use the personal data we collect from you when you use our website.What data do we collect?Teamstudio collects personally identifiable information, such as your email address, name, home or work address or telephone number. Teamstudio may also collect anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your ZIP/postal code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites.There is also information about your computer hardware and software that may be automatically collected by Teamstudio. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information may be used by Teamstudio for the provision of services, to maintain quality of the services, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Teamstudio website or other services.Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through Teamstudio public message boards, this information may be collected and used by others.How do we collect your data?Teamstudio collects and processes your data when you:Register online or place an order for any of our products or services.Voluntarily complete a customer survey or provide feedback on any of our message boards or via email.Use or view our website via your browser’s cookies.How do we use your data?Teamstudio uses your personal information to operate the Teamstudio website and to deliver services to you. Teamstudio may also use your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Teamstudio and its affiliates. Teamstudio may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.Teamstudio does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. Teamstudio may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party. In addition, Teamstudio may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Teamstudio, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.Teamstudio does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent. Teamstudio keeps track of the websites and pages our customers visit within Teamstudio, in order to determine what Teamstudio services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within Teamstudio to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.Teamstudio will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Teamstudio; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Teamstudio; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Teamstudio, or the public.What are your data protection rights?Teamstudio would like to make sure that you are fully aware of all of your data protection rights.
Every user is entitled to the following:The right to access – You have the right to request Teamstudio for copies of your personal data.
We may charge you a small fee for this service.The right to rectification – You have the right to request that Teamstudio correct any information you believe is inaccurate.
You also have the right to request Teamstudio to complete information you believe is incomplete.The right to erasure – You have the right to request that Teamstudio erase your personal data, under certain conditions.The right to restrict processing – You have the right to object to Teamstudio’s processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.The right to data portability – You have the right to request that Teamstudio transfer the data that we have collected to another organization, or directly to you, under certain conditions.If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you.
If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us via email at contactus@teamstudio.com.How do we use cookies?The Teamstudio website use "cookies" to help personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize Teamstudio pages, or register with Teamstudio site or services, a cookie helps Teamstudio to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same Teamstudio website, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Teamstudio features that you customized.How can you manage cookies?You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Teamstudio services or websites you visit.Security of your personal informationTeamstudio secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. Teamstudio secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other websites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.Privacy policies of other websitesThe Teamstudio website may contain links to other websites.
This Statement of Privacy applies only to our website.
If you choose to link to another website from Teamstudio, you should read their privacy policy so that you can understand how those websites collect, use and share your information. Teamstudio is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on websites outside of the Teamstudio and Teamstudio family of websites.Changes to this statementTeamstudio regularly reviews this Statement of Privacy and may occasionally make updates. Teamstudio encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how Teamstudio is protecting your information.Contact informationTeamstudio welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Teamstudio has not adhered to this Statement, please contact us via email at contactus@teamstudio.com. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem.How to contact the appropriate authorityShould you wish to report a complaint or if you feel that Teamstudio has not addressed your concern in a satisfactory manner, in the UK you may contact the Information Commissioner’s Office at https://ico.org.uk/make-a-complaint/Updated May 29, 2019