http://www.cotse.net/privacyservice.html
APacketdermLLCService
Private, Secure, Flexible, Unbeatable!
We're not big on glitz. We're
not big on hype. We don't make alarmist or false claims, nor do we fill our pages with dancing pictures and flash graphics, but we do provide a very easy to use service with lot of substance and
a real down to earth approach.
We provide everything you need to mold a complete privacy service that best fits your needs and grows with you.
We think you'll like our no nonsense approach and vast array of
features and soon wonder how you functioned without it all.
We've been serving individuals, celebrities, businesses, and organizations
around the world since 1999 with unbeatable service and features. We do what we do very well.
Sign Up
Pricing
Advanced Private E-Mail Service
SSH Tunneling & Privacy Proxies
Virtual Private Network
Web Hosting
All in one service!
All VPN, SSH, and proxy services include UNMETERED bandwidth, meaning no data limits! All e-mail services include unlimited free domain hosting for your own domains.
All of our services hide your IP address:
Your IP address is like a phone number, other people can use your
IP address to identify you. Our service hides your IP address.
This protects you from cyberstalkers, identity thieves, and any
that may want to track or harrass you.
Communicate in forums, email, and more without the worry of someone
stalking or targeting you. Without someone collecting data about everything you do online, and without fear of
Internet participation jeopardizing current or future employment or other opportunities.
Did you know that when you send an e-mail, you may not only be sending your location data, but information about the device you are sending it from within the mail headers?
Not with us.
Our services protects you from this by removing all identifying information about location, device, and software used from all mail you send, regardless of where you are, what device you are using to send the e-mail (phone, tablet, or computer), or what mail app you are using.
Use our VPN from your phone, tablet, or computer to make your skype or other video or VoIP conversations more private when using unknown networks, or simply to access US netflix, hulu, or other streaming video audio, or any Internet traffic when in locations that block or restrict it.
Everything is encrypted and standards based:
We are open source standards based. We support all popular methods
of encryption across all services.
Being standards based means that your favorite application will
work with us. Use IE, Firefox, Mozilla, Thunderbird, Outlook, Eudora, and more.
The VPN will work with your choice of OpenVPN or PPTP VPN client.
The service works with windows,
OSX, and unix.
It works with phones, tablets and computers.
It is operating system independent.
Full encryption means nobody can tell what you are mailing, receiving,
surfing, instant messaging, or anything else you may do on the Internet.
Protect yourself from snooping family members, isp techs, or anyone
else who may have access to your network.
Protect yourself when using public internet, wifi hotspots, and
other unsecured locations.
General:
Login
Home
Subscribe or Renew
Services
Pricing
Policies
Testimonials
Current Specials
About Us
Contacting Us
Support:
Index
FAQ
Basics
Email
Set up email app
iPhone/iPad/iPod Mail
Android Mail
Proxies
Web Hosting
SSH Tunnels
VPN
Mail Filter Order
Other
Resources
DMCA Notices to: DMCA@cotse.net
Support to: helpdesk@cotse.net
Abuse to:abuse@cotse.net
Back To Top
cotse.net(tm) is a subsidiary of Packetderm, LLC.The Cotse.Net logo and
all site content is owned by Packetderm, LLC., unless
otherwise specified. All rights reserved.