http://www.targetcomponents.co.uk/privacypolicy
Hello Guest Welcome to Target Components The UK's Best IT Distributor
Login or Open an account
Search
Sales Line: 01977 739 300
E-mail: sales@targetcomponents.co.uk
HOME
ALL PRODUCTS
Components
Cases & Power Supplies
Cases
Case Cooling
Case Lighting & Mods
Brackets & Converters
Power Supplies (PSUs)
Processors
Processors
CPU Air Cooling
CPU Liquid Cooling
CPU Paste
Motherboards
Motherboards
PCI & PCIe Cards (Controllers)
Risers & Modules
Storage
Solid State Drives (SSD)
Mechanical Hard Drives (HDD)
Enclosures
Optical Drives
Memory
System Memory
Flash Memory
USB Memory
Graphics, Displays & Software
Graphics & Sound
Graphics Cards
AV Media & Capture
VR Headsets & Accessories
Adapters & Brackets
Card Readers
USB Hubs
Software
Operating Software
Security Software
Utilities
Displays
Monitors
Monitor Stands & Arms
Projectors
Desktop, Laptops & Mobile
PreBuilt PCs
Custom PC Builder
PreBuilt PCs
Branded PreBuilt PCs
Small form and Barebone PCs
Laptop Computing
Laptops
Recertified Laptops
Laptop Cases
Power Adapters
Laptop Accessories
Mobile Computing
Tablets
Mobile Accessories
Wireless Chargers
Screen Protectors
Spares & Repairs
Laptop Repairs
Replacement Laptop Screens
Mobile Spares
Replacement Mobile Screens
Internal Components
Tools & Cleaning
Tool Kits
Mobile Tools
Cloths
Liquids & Sprays
Networking, Cables & CCTV
Networking
Routers & Access Points
Switches
Homeplugs
Mesh & Range Extenders
Network Attached Storage (NAS)
Adapters
Mobile Broadband
Ubiquiti
airMAX
AmpliFi
UniFi Switches
UniFi Routers
UniFi Wireless
UniFi Video
Accessories
CCTV
CCTV Kits
IP Cameras
Network Video Recorders (NVR)
Dash & Body Cameras
Accessories
Smart Home
Lighting
Switches and Plugs
Hub & Bundles
Sensors
Radiator Valves
Cables
Power Cables
Data Cables
Network Cables
Audio Visual Cables
Internal Cables
Batteries & Mains
Batteries
Power Banks
Mains Electrical
Peripherals & Consumables
Peripherals
Keyboards
Mice
Mouse Pads
Keyboard & Mice Bundles
Controllers
WebCams
Audio
Speakers
Headsets
Printing
Multi-Function Printers
Laser Printers
Replacement Inks
Replacement Toners
Paper
Gadgets & Recordable Media
Gadgets
Recordable Media
OFFERS
What's NewBestsellers
BRANDS
3AerocoolAFAFOXAkasaAMDAntecAOCASRock
AVerMediaBiostarBullGuardColorwayCooler MasterCronusExclusiveDynamodeECS Elite GroupENER-J
EnergenieEVO LABSExclusiveGameMaxGeniusExclusiveGigabyteHitachi LGHPInkLabExclusiveIntel
KingstonLenovoLogitechMaiwoMarvoExclusiveMercusysMicrosoftMSIPatriot
PiXLNew & ExclusiveSeagateSamsungStarTechTeam GroupTendaTeltonikaNewTranscendTrust
UbiquitiUniviewVCOMExclusiveVonHausWDXilence
CLEARANCE
Refurb StockClearance
TARGET
Custom PC BuilderAbout TargetEvents (Open Day)NewsIn-Store PC Builder
LOGIN
Home    Website Privacy Policy
1. TerminologyThe term “Target Components Limited” or “us” or “we” refers to Target Components Limited registered office is Unit 5 Pioneer Way, Pioneer Business Park, Castleford, WF10 5QU. Our company registration number is GB3113281. The term ‘you’ refers to the user or viewer of our website.The term “this website” or “our website” refers to www.targetcomponents.co.uk and any extension thereof. The term “this blog” or “our blog” refers to the Shop Talk blog.www.targetcomponents.co.uk and the blog “Shop Talk” are owned, operated and maintained by Target Components Limited. You must agree to this Policy for the website in order to use them. If you disagree with any part of this policy, please do not use this website or blog.2. IntroductionTarget Components Limited is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website or blog you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this policy.We do not and will not sell or exchange your personal information with third parties, without your written permission. See Sections 7, 8 and 9 for full details regarding the information we collect, how we use it and how we protect your personal information. We may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from TODAYS DATE.3. Basis of use of this websiteThis website and blog are provided free of charge for your use subject to the terms of this policy.The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.Product information supplied on our website is gathered from the manufacturers or third party application and is therefore subject to change without prior notification.Images and information provided on this website are for the sole use of our customers and account holders. Anyone using images or information from this website who is not a customer and account holder will be subject to legal action by us.Any images or information taken from this website is reused by customers and account holders at their own risk. Images and information reused from this website by customers and account holders cannot be edited without prior notification and agreement by us.This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions.Unauthorised use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offence.From time to time, this website may also include links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s).Your use of this website and blog and any dispute arising out of such use of the website is subject to the laws of England, Northern Ireland, Scotland and Wales.4. International useWe do not promise that materials on the website or blog are appropriate or available for use in locations outside the United Kingdom and Ireland and accessing the website or blog from territories where it’s content are illegal or unlawful if prohibited. If you choose to access the website from locations outside the United Kingdom and Ireland you do so on your own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws.5. Availability of website and blogAlthough we aim to offer you the best service possible, we cannot guarantee the service will be fault free. If a fault occurs in the service you should report it to Customer Services as set out in Section 18 – and we will attempt to correct the fault as soon as is reasonably possible.Your access to the website and blog may be occasionally restricted to allow for repairs, maintenance or the introduction of new facilities or services. When this happens we will attempt to restore the service as soon as we reasonably can.6. IndemnityYou will reimburse us against all losses, liabilities, costs and expenses reasonably suffered or incurred by us, all damages awarded against us under any judgment by a court of a competent jurisdiction and all sums paid by us as a result of any settlement agreed by us arising out or in connection with:
Any claim by any third party that the use of the website or blog by you is defamatory, offensive or abusive, or of an obscene of pornographic nature, or is illegal or constitutes a breach of applicable law, regulation or code of practice
Any claim by any third party that the use of the website or blog by you infringes that third party’s copyright or other intellectual property rights of whatever nature
Any fines or penalties imposed by any regulatory, advertising or trading body or authority in connection with the use of the website by you
7. Information collectedWe may collect the following information:
Name
Contact information including email address
Demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
Other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
Information regarding your customers
IP address
8. Information usageWe require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping
Manage and improve this website and blog
Tell you about important changes to this website and blog
We may use the information to improve our products and services
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests
Information regarding your customers could be used, for example, in competitions. In instances where we gather this type of information, it would not be used for direct marketing purposes nor would it be sold to any third parties
9. SecurityWe are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. 10. How we use cookiesA cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences. We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system. Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.11. Links to other websitesOur website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.12. Controlling your personal informationYou may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information. Whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes. You must ensure that any details provided by you at any time via the website or blog are correct and complete.If you believe the information we are holding on you is incorrect, if your personal information changes, or if you wish to change your preferences for receiving direct marketing, contact Customer Services as set out in Section 18 of this Policy.We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please contact Customer Services as set out in Section 18 of this Policy.13. Social Media (Features) and Widgets Our Web site includes Social Media Features, such as the Facebook Like button and Widgets, such as the “Share This” button or interactive mini-programs that run on our site. These Features maycollect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly. Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site. Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it. 14. Shop Talk Blog usageOur Web site offers a publicly accessible blog. Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through the Blog, the information may be collected and used by others. By posting to the blog you are granting perpetual, royalty-free, non exclusive license by us to reproduce, modify, translate, make available, distribute and sublicense the material in whole or in part and in any form.We encourage people to comment on our blogs. However, comments from people who are not Target Components account holders, or account holders commenting without signing into their account, will be reviewed by an administrator before they are posted. All posts will be reviewed according to our content guidelines – below – and we reserve the right to edit, remove and change blog posts without notice. We also reserve the right to cancel and deny membership without notice. 15. Blog Content PolicyOur content policies play an important role in maintaining a positive experience for you, the users. Please respect these guidelines. From time to time, we may change our content policies so please check here. Infringing the guidelines below may result in immediate termination of user access to the blog and potential legal action. Specifically we do not allow the following types of content:
Adult content: Anything adult in nature or any references or links to such content
Child exploitation: Anything that exploits children in any way whatsoever
Hate speech: Posts that include comments promoting hate or violence towards groups based on race, ethnicity, religion, disability, gender, age, veteran status or sexual orientation/gender identity
Crudity: Nothing shocking or graphic
Violence: Anything that threatens or attempts to intimidate other users
Copyright: We will respond to clear notices of alleged copyright infringement. Links to sites where others can obtain unauthorised downloads of other's content will be removed
Personal and confidential information: Do not post other’s personal and/or confidential information
Impersonating others: Do not mislead or confuse other users by pretending either to be someone else or to represent an organisation you don't
Illegal activities: Do not engage in illegal activities or promote dangerous and illegal activities
Spam: Do not seek to deliberately drive traffic to your own website or influence your SEO
Malware and viruses: Do not post links causing the transmission of viruses, pop-ups, software installations without the reader's consent, or attempt to impact other users with malicious code
16. Our responsibilitiesThe Website is provided without any warranties or guarantees. You must bear the risks associated with the use of the internet.The Website provides content from other internet sites or resources and while we try to ensure that material included on the Website is correct, reputable and of high quality, we cannot accept responsibility if this is not the case. We will not be responsible for any errors or omissions or for the results obtained from the use of such information or for any technical problemsyou may experience with the Website. If we are informed of any inaccuracies in the material on the Website, we will attempt to correct the inaccuracies as soon as we reasonably can.In particular, we disclaim all liabilities in connection with the following:
If we are in breach of this Policy, we will only be responsible for any losses that you suffer as a result to the extent that they are a foreseeable consequence to both of us at the time you order the relevant product or the time you otherwise use the Website
This section 16 does not limit or affect our responsibility to you if something we do negligently causes death or personal injury
17. MiscellaneousIf you breach this Policy and we choose to ignore this, we will still be entitled to use our rights and remedies at a later date or in any other situation where you breach this Policy.Neither party shall be responsible for any breach of this policy caused by circumstances beyond that party’s control.Except as expressly set out in this Policy all use of your personal information will be made in accordance with Section 12 of this policy.This Policy is subject to English law. We will try to solve any disagreements quickly and efficiently. If you are not happy with the way we deal with any disagreement and you want to take court proceedings, you must do so in England, Scotland, Wales or Northern Ireland.18. Customer servicesIf you need to contact us about our website or blog you can do so as follows:Email: customerservices@targetcomponents.co.ukTelephone: 01977 739 300Post: Target Components Limited, Unit 5, Pioneer Way, Pioneer Business Park, Castleford, WF10 5QU
Contact Information
Target Components LtdUnit 5Pioneer WayPioneer Ind EstCastlefordWF10 5QU
Tel:01977 739 300email: sales@targetcomponents.co.uk
Target Information
About Us
News
Terms & Conditions
Delivery Charges
Opening Times
Privacy Notice
Target Events
Contact Us
Services & Support
XML Services
Product Feeds
In-Store PC Builder
Custom PC Builder
Shop Talk
Registered in England | Company Registration No. 3113281 | VAT Registration No. GB660103090
Login
Forgotten your password? Please click here
Sign in
×
Close