http://www.cotse.net/privacy/other.htm
APacketdermLLCService
OTHER PRIVACY-RELATED NEWS
News stories that don't seem to fit into the other topics but may be
of interest.
Start-up getting financing for fingerprint technology
"A San Francisco start-up, Pay By Touch Solutions, is expected to announce today $130 million in fresh financing for a novel way of paying for groceries and other goods and services: a machine that reads your fingerprint."
Full story - Yahoo News
Submitted by Anonymous, Wed Oct
5 14:08:38 EDT 2005
Touch-screen voters feel exposed
"... The Diebold machines - which will be installed at voting precincts throughout Utah by 2006 - sit atop stands and have tilt-top screens and plastic covers that can be adjusted. But some voters felt they lacked privacy."
Full story - Salt Lake Tribune
Submitted by Anonymous, Wed Oct
5 09:08:48 EDT 2005
Big Brother: Should it be in your car?
"A growing number of states are grappling with a new privacy dilemma: what to do about cars that can spy on their owners.
At least two-thirds of new vehicles, including those built by General Motors Corp. and Ford Motor Co., come equipped with event data recorders -- "black boxes" that can tell tales even after a car has been totaled."
Full story - Auto Insider
Submitted by Anonymous, Mon Oct
3 08:33:41 EDT 2005
DHS privacy officer to depart
"Nuala O'Connor Kelly, the first chief privacy officer at the Homeland Security Department, announced today that she is leaving her position."
Full story - FCW
Submitted by Anonymous, Thu Sep 29 08:21:16 EDT 2005
New EPIC Page Describes "Theme Parks and Privacy"
"From www.epic.org: EPIC has developed a new issue page on theme parks and privacy. The page is a single source of information for consumers to learn more about theme parks such as Walt Disney World that use fingerprint scans to control visitor access."
Full story - EPIC Theme Parks and Privacy Page
Submitted by Anonymous, Wed Sep 28 08:10:33 EDT 2005
Davis Wright Tremaine Announces Launch of PrivSec Blog; Web Log Dedicated to Privacy and Security Legal Issues (press release)
"Davis Wright Tremaine LLP, a national business and litigation firm, announced today the launch of the Privacy and Security Law Blog, www.privsecblog.com, focused on information security and personal privacy legal issues."
Full story -
TMC
Submitted by Anonymous, Mon Sep 26 15:13:35 EDT 2005
Full Senate to debate Roberts nomination
"John Roberts' ascension to chief justice is so assured that senators debating the nomination this week may spend as much time talking about President Bush's upcoming nomination to fill a second vacancy on the Supreme Court."
Full story -
CNN
Submitted by Anonymous, Mon Sep 26 09:50:20 EDT 2005
Roberts and Privacy (commentary)
"... According to a Winston Group poll, 66 percent of those asked believed that the right to privacy came closer to mean "The right to be free from government intrusion - including private phone calls, private mail, private medical and financial information, and the right to raise your children as you see fit."
A mere 26 percent thought it to denote "The right to make decisions free from government interference, such as the right to choose abortion.""
Full story -
The One Republic
Submitted by Anonymous, Mon Sep 26 08:24:54 EDT 2005
Privacy is the starting point for precedents and future court cases (opinion)
"The word P-R-I-V-A-C-Y does not in fact appear in the U.S. Constitution, but that document and the equally important first 10 amendments have no meaning without it."
Full story -
DelawareOnline
Submitted by Anonymous, Mon Sep 26 08:15:58 EDT 2005
Amish farmers upset by computer tagging
"... "The Amish's feeling is premises registration may be step one of a five-step project that may lead to the tagging and tracking of adults and children."
The Wisconsin Premises Registration Act takes effect Nov. 1 and requires anyone raising livestock to register their premises, regardless of the size of the operation."
Full story -
Post-Crescent
Submitted by Anonymous, Sun Sep 25 17:54:47 EDT 2005
Steele Blasts Possible Credit Report Theft
"Lt. Governor Michael Steele says his credit reports have nothing to hide, but that doesn't mean Democratic campaign aides should have obtained the report by taking his social security number."
Full story -
WBAL
Submitted by Anonymous, Sun Sep 25 06:25:40 EDT 2005
Schumer scores zero on protecting privacy
"The Mayflower Compact Coalition, an alliance of black leaders and patriotic Americans seeking to strengthen the health and well-being of black America, is outraged by New York Senator Chuck Schumer's Democratic Senate Campaign Committee's idea that opposition research should involve fraudulently obtaining a rival candidate's credit report, violating an individual's right to privacy."
Full story -
RenewAmerica
Submitted by Anonymous, Sat Sep 24 10:50:03 EDT 2005
Fighting for freedom on the Internet
"... "Consumers should be able to go wherever they want to go on the Web whenever they want to," said Gigi Sohn, president of Public Knowledge, a group dedicated to preserving "open access" to communications systems.
Determining what should remain open and available to all, however, is not as easy as it sounds."
Full story -
Investors.com
Submitted by Anonymous, Sat Sep 24 10:35:46 EDT 2005
Misconducts on the Internet "voted" by Chinese netizens
"People's Daily today reports that 10 behaviors have been regarded by Chinese netizens as "uncivil" in the cyber space: dissimilating rumors and false information; creating and spreading Internet virus; hackers' attacks; unsolicited mails; curses and offences at forums and chat rooms; porn chats; prying into and spreading others' privacy; usurping others' Internet accounts; unsolicited ads, downloading and registration; plugging porn, violent and eccentric contents."
Full story - People's Daily Online
Submitted by Anonymous, Wed Sep 21 16:23:44 EDT 2005
That very 'so-called' right to privacy (opinion)
"Well, we sure know by now, thanks to the John Roberts hearings, what the great issue of our times is. It's stare decisis, which is code for "the right to privacy," which is code for Roe vs. Wade, which is code for "the right to choose," which is code for abortion, which is code for keep the government out of my bedroom!"
Full story - townhall.com
Submitted by Anonymous, Tue Sep 20 09:34:25 EDT 2005
Firefox and Mac security sanctuaries 'under attack'
"Symantec has attacked the perceived security advantages of Firefox and Apple Macs by drawing unfavourable comparisons with Microsoft's software and describing Mac fans as living in a "false paradise". According to the latest edition of Symantec's Internet Security Threat Report, 25 vulnerabilities were disclosed for Mozilla browsers and 13 for Microsoft Internet Explorer in the first half of 2005."
Full story - The Register
Submitted by Anonymous, Mon Sep 19 08:37:04 EDT 2005
UK bandwidth boom spawns zombie armies
"During the first half of 2005, nearly a third of the world's bot-infected computers, called "zombies," were located in the UK, according to Symantec. Symantec estimates that there are between 1 million and 2 million computers worldwide infected with this bot software, which allows a system to be surreptitiously remote-controlled by hackers, said Dean Turner, senior manager of the Symantec Security Response team."
Full story - MacWorld
Submitted by Anonymous, Mon Sep 19 08:26:04 EDT 2005
In October, Estonia will offer its citizens the option of voting by Internet, a first in the EU.
"In October, Estonia will offer its citizens the option of voting by Internet, a first in the EU. Germany is also considering the possibility of an online election, but not for anytime soon... Ensuring privacy, identifying registered voters and guaranteeing access to computers are all major hurdles that must be overcome before online elections could take place"
Full story - dw-world.de
Submitted by Anonymous, Sun Sep 18 09:40:41 EDT 2005
Missing the game? Your team knows
".... Data collected electronically from tickets as each fan passes through the turnstiles tells the team not only who is and isn't showing up at SBC Park, but also what time they get there and what entrances they use."
Full story - Mercury News (reg. req.)
Submitted by Anonymous, Sat Sep 17 12:00:01 EDT 2005
On Abortion, Few Seem to Take Roberts at Face Value
"... Abortion rights groups took no comfort in the chief justice nominee's remarks, and antiabortion groups took no offense."
Full story - Washington Post (reg. req.)
Submitted by Anonymous, Sat Sep 17 00:26:07 EDT 2005
RFID and consumer privacy
"In order to ensure consumer privacy, the Generation 2 EPC tags have the option of being "killed" at the point of sale... An alternative to killing the tag is to combine RFID and EAS technologies. A logical bit can be inserted in the tag. The bit is switched on for the tags on purchased items while it remains off for items on the shelf."
Full story - RFID Gazette
Submitted by Anonymous, Fri Sep 16 12:42:36 EDT 2005
Google this site
Privacy Watch
Index
Digital/Data Privacy:
Anonymity
Carnivore
Cellphones
Chat & Instant
Messaging
Children's Privacy
Children's Online
Safety
Content Filtering &
Monitoring
Data Mining
Data or ID Theft
Data Protection
DoNotCall
Echelon
Email & Usenet
Magic Lantern
Medical Privacy
People-Finding
Sexual Privacy
Shopping
Spyware, Adware &
Malware
Stalking
Web Surfing &
Browsers
Workplace Issues
Your Data Online
Public Surveillance
Civil Liberties & Freedoms:
Free Speech: Offline
Free Speech: Online
Freedom of Information
Freedom of the Press
Law & Enforcement
Search and Seizure
Students' Rights
Terrorism / Homeland
Defense
Civil Liberties
Legislation:
Local, State, or
Regional
National
Other:
Editor's Picks
Lawsuits to Watch
Other News
General:
Login
Home
Subscribe or Renew
Services
Pricing
Policies
Testimonials
Current Specials
About Us
Contacting Us
Support:
Index
FAQ
Basics
Email
Set up email app
iPhone/iPad/iPod Mail
Android Mail
Proxies
Web Hosting
SSH Tunnels
VPN
Mail Filter Order
Other
Resources
DMCA Notices to: DMCA@cotse.net
Support to: helpdesk@cotse.net
Abuse to:abuse@cotse.net
News Flash
Privacy Watch Index
FTC Brings Charges Against Company Flagged In CDT ComplaintFrom cdt.org: The Federal Trade Commission announced today that it had brought charges against Odysseus Marketing, publisher of a software product called ClientMan. The Center for Democracy & Technology had first identified ClientMan as one ...Read more
FaceTime Identifies Fake Google Toolbar Propagated Thru Instant Messaging and Internet Relay ChatFaceTime today warns users about malicious links being spread through instant messaging (IM) and Internet Relay Chat (IRC) which downloads a rogue, fake Google toolbar and adware on users machines and re-directs users to a ...Read more
Want to check your e-mail in Italy? Bring your passport.ROME - An antiterror law makes Internet cafe managers check their clients' IDs and track the websites they visit...
After Italy passed a new antiterrorism package in July, authorities ordered managers offering public communications ...Read more
Start-up getting financing for fingerprint technologyA San Francisco start-up, Pay By Touch Solutions, is expected to announce today $130 million in fresh financing for a novel way of paying for groceries and other goods and services: a machine that reads ...Read more
Court strikes down bank privacy lawFederal law trumps California's law restricting financial institutions from distributing information about their customers to affiliated businesses, a U.S. District Court judge ruled Tuesday...Read more
FTC Targets Company Secretly Installing Spyware that Can't Be UninstalledOdysseus Marketing and its principal, Walter Rines, advertised software they claimed would allow consumers to engage in peer-to-peer file sharing anonymously... The agency charges that the claims are bogus. First, the software does not make ...Read more
Another data security bill in the worksRep. Mike Castle, a Delaware Republican, said at a Visa cardholder security conference here that he plans to introduce "in the next couple of days" a revised version of the bill that he has been ...Read more
Government Cracks Down On Spyware OperationGovernment regulators are trying to shut down a company they say secretly downloaded spyware onto the computers of unwitting Internet users, rendering them helpless to a flood of pop-up ads, computer crashes and other annoyances...Read more
Touch-screen voters feel exposed... The Diebold machines - which will be installed at voting precincts throughout Utah by 2006 - sit atop stands and have tilt-top screens and plastic covers that can be adjusted. But some voters felt ...Read more
Protect, don't suffocate me on ID theft (opinion)I am not myself these days. I don't know who I am, but I am definitely not myself. A lady on the phone as much as told me so. This was after she had given ...Read more
Google this site
Search Cotse.Com
Back To Top
Cotse.Net
is a subsidiary of Packetderm, LLC. The Cotse.Net logo and
all content are © 2004 by Packetderm, LLC., unless
otherwise specified. All rights reserved.
Photos on this site are © PhotoDisc.