http://www.abacusllc.com/privacy-policy/
Home > Privacy Policy Privacy PolicyInformation CollectedIn general, you can visit this website without telling us who you are or revealing any information about yourself. Our web servers collect the domain names, not the e-mail addresses, of visitors. Our web servers also seek (as many websites do) to place a "cookie" (a small data file) on your computer. These cookies are further described in the Cookies section below. We use a third-party provider to collect information about how you navigate through our website­—described more fully in the Third-Party Analytics section below. In addition, when ordering on our site, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information, or other details to help you with your experience.Use of Collected InformationDomain name information that we collect is not used to personally identify you and instead is aggregated to measure the number of visits, average time spent on the site, pages viewed, etc. We use this information to measure the use of our site and to improve the content of our site.When other information is collected from you, we generally let you know at the time of collection how we will use the personal information. Usually, we use the personal information you provide only to respond to your inquiry or to process your purchase. If you register with us online, we may use this information to provide you with custom information about our offerings in support of your business needs. This information may be shared with other businesses, but only if necessary, to fulfill your order or for other related purposes.Security of Collected InformationWe maintain strict physical, electronic, and administrative safeguards to protect your personal information from unauthorized or inappropriate access. We restrict access to your information to those workers who need to know the information to respond to your inquiry or request. Our website is scanned on a regular basis for security holes and known vulnerabilities in order to make your visit to our site as safe as possible, and we use regular malware scanning. Our checkout page is encrypted using SSL, a security technology. All transactions are processed through a gateway provider, and payment information is not stored unless you elect to have it stored for speed of future purchases.CookiesCookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer through your web browser, if you allow, that enable us to recognize your browser and remember certain data in order to track statistical information about navigation to and throughout certain areas of our site and to our promotions on other sites.We use cookies to remember and process items in the shopping cart, understand and save your preferences for future visits, keep track of advertisements, and compile aggregate data about site traffic and interactions in order to offer better site experience and tools in the future. We use trusted third-party services that track this information on our behalf. The cookies are not used to obtain your name or any personal data, and the information that is tracked is used only for internal purposes, such as to improve site navigation and to measure the effectiveness of our promotional placements. The information is not shared with anyone other than our affiliates and contractors who assist us in these efforts and are bound to confidentiality. However, if you prefer not to accept cookies, you can set your browser to reject them or to alert you before one is placed. If you disable cookies, some features of our site will be disabled and some of our services will not function properly. If you have trouble using the site, you may place your orders by calling us at 678-842-5300 or 1-855-560-8013.Third-Party DisclosureWe do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer your personally identifiable information to third parties. This does not include website hosting partners, our parent company, or others who assist us in conducting our business, as long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential.Third-Party AnalyticsWe use Google AdSense advertising. We also use Google Analytics remarketing codes to log when users view specific pages or take specific actions on a website. This allows us to provide targeted advertising in the future. If you do not wish to receive this type of advertising from us in the future, you can opt out using the DoubleClick opt-out page, the Opt-Out Add-on, or the Network Advertising initiative opt-out page.Do Not Track RequestsWe have a responsibility to inform you that we do not make any specific automated change to our behavior in response to browser Do Not Track signals or other similar mechanisms. If you would like to limit the use of tracking technologies, please read and follow the links in the appropriate sections above.Your California Privacy RightsOur Privacy Policy is intended to comply with the California requirements found in the California Online Privacy Protection Act. If you feel that you need more information about how we protect your privacy, please let us know by contacting us as described below in the Contacting Us section.Privacy for ChildrenOur website is not intended for use by children under the age of thirteen.Access to Collected InformationYou may review and update the information that you provide to us through this website by contacting us as described below in the Contacting Us section.Contacting UsIf you have any questions about this privacy policy, please use the Contact Us page. We welcome your questions and suggestions about our privacy policy.Changes to this PolicyPlease check this privacy policy periodically to inform yourself of any changes. Although we reserve the right to modify or supplement this privacy policy, we will provide notice to you on this website of any major changes for at least 30 days following the changes. This policy is effective as of December 15, 2020.