http://www.bryantinformation.com/privacy-statement/
Account Login
Email Address
Password
Forgot Password
Create New Account Create a new account online to access all the many benefits of our online ordering system.
Register Now
Customer Support
Products & Services
Billing & Payment
Online Ordering
Privacy Statement - ASK Services
16779
page-template-default,page,page-id-16779,bridge-core-2.4.8,qode-quick-links-1.0,ajax_fade,page_not_loaded,,side_area_uncovered_from_content,qode-theme-ver-24.3,qode-theme-bridge,qode_header_in_grid,wpb-js-composer js-comp-ver-6.4.0,vc_responsive
Privacy Statement
Home > Privacy Statement
:: Our Commitment to Your Privacy
This site is owned and operated by A.S.K. Services, Inc. Respecting and protecting your privacy is of the utmost importance to us. At A.S.K. Services, Inc. we want to make your experience online satisfying and safe.
Because we gather certain types of information about our users, we feel you should fully understand the terms and conditions surrounding the capture and use of that information. This privacy statement discloses what information we gather and how we use it.
:: Type of Information A.S.K. Services Gathers and Tracks
Optional, voluntary submissions.
These voluntary submissions of data are used solely for the purpose of allowing users to register for an account, place orders, receive confirmation and status of orders, receive electronic delivery of orders, view account activity and edit their account preferences.
Personal information submitted by users to our servers is safeguarded through A.S.K. Services, Inc.’s use of industry standard SSL (Secure Socket Layer) encrypted servers. SSL codes the information transferred between you and the server, rendering it unreadable to anyone trying to intercept the information.
Site performance and traffic pattern information.
This information allows us to better tailor our content to our users’ needs and to help us understand our audience better.
A.S.K. Services, Inc. tracks user traffic patterns throughout our site. However, we do not correlate this information with data about individual users. We do break down overall usage statistics according to a user’s domain name, browser type, and MIME type by reading this information from the browser string (information contained in every user’s browser).
Use of Information
A.S.K. Services, Inc. uses any information voluntarily given by our users to enhance their experience while using our site, whether to provide interactive or personalized elements on the site or to better prepare future content and features based on the feedback of our users.
We monitor traffic patterns to determine which areas of our site users prefer. We do not track what individual users read, but rather how well each page performs overall. This helps us to continue building a better service for you.
A.S.K. Services, Inc. creates aggregate reports on site performance and traffic patterns exclusively for the purposes of ensuring that our site provides the highest quality experience for our users.
We will not disclose any information about any individual user except to comply with applicable law or valid legal process or to protect the personal safety of our users or the public.
Information Sharing
A.S.K. Services, Inc. will not share, sell or distribute in any way, information about individual users with any third party, except to comply with applicable law or valid legal process or to protect the personal safety of our users or the public.
Security
A.S.K Services, Inc. operates secure data networks protected by industry standard firewall and password protection systems. Our security and privacy policies are periodically reviewed and enhanced as necessary and only authorized individuals have access to the information provided by our clients.
Personal information submitted by users to our servers is safeguarded through A.S.K. Services, Inc.’s use of industry standard SSL (Secure Socket Layer) encrypted servers. SSL codes the information transferred between you and the server, rendering it unreadable to anyone trying to intercept the information.
Your Consent
By using this site, you consent to the collection and use of this information by A.S.K. Services, Inc. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstance we disclose it.
For more information about our services, please call us toll-free at 1.888.416.1313 or email us at Sales@ASK-Services.com.
Consistent quality, reliable service and efficient delivery.
Contact us today to experience the difference.Get In Touch