http://www.whoishotnow.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy | SoftLoan
HomeApply NOWBlogTermsPrivacy Policy
Select Page
Privacy PolicyPrivacy StatementYour privacy is very important to SOFTLoan. SOFTLoan LLC (“SOFTLoan” or “SOFTLoan”) is a financial company. Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing. Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information. Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.This Privacy Statement covers our privacy practices related to information that we collect from members and website visitors, including your rights to limit the sharing of certain information we may have about you.Information We May ObtainAs part of providing you products or services, we may obtain information about you from various sources, including the following:Information you provide. You may provide information to us in many ways, including, among other ways, when you join SOFTLoan, apply for a loan, shop in our Merchant Network, add to your SOFTLoan Profile, respond to surveys, send us an email or speak with a customer representative or other SOFTLoan staff. This information may include items such as your name, address, email address, telephone number, social security number, account balance, transaction history, income, employment, date of birth, bank account information, shopping preferences, interests, opinions, financial information and other personal information.Information from third parties. We may obtain information about you from third parties including SOFTLoan participating companies, credit bureaus, our affiliates, public sources and others. This information could include, among other things, information about your purchases with SOFTLoan participating companies, information about your transactions and account activity with us, our affiliates and others, publicly available demographic data, credit history, credit score and information needed to comply with regulatory requirements, ensure the accuracy of data, better understand your likely interests, and/or prevent fraud. Cookies and other technologies. When you visit the SOFTLoanmoney.com website, we send one or more cookies to your computer or other device. We also use other similar technologies such as tracking pixels, tags or similar tools when you visit our website. These technologies can collect data regarding your operating system, browser type, device type, mobile device ID, screen resolution, IP address and other technical information, as well as navigation events and session information as you interact with our website or mobile applications. Among other things, this information allows us to understand how you use our website and what products and services may be of interest to you. The cookies we place can also be used to allow the advertising networks we work with to set and read their own cookies and collect similar information. You can generally remove, block, or disable cookies using the settings in your web browser. However, if you remove the cookies we place, it will impact your ability to use SOFTLoan since you will be unable to enroll or log in to our service through our website. You will, however, be able to browse our website as a visitor. If you are a member of SOFTLoan, information collected using cookies or similar technologies may be associated with personally identifiable information, such as name and e-mail address, we have about you.Log information. When you access a page of the SOFTLoan website via a browser, application, other client or device, our servers automatically record certain information known as “log information.” This may include information such as the web page you are coming from or going to, terms you search, pages you view on a SOFTLoan website, your interaction with a website, application or online service provider, your Internet Protocol address, mobile device ID or telephone number, browser type, browser language, device type, and data contained in one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser, your computer, your device and/or your SOFTLoan account. This information is logged by our web servers, allowing us to deliver services or information you have requested, better understand user behavior on our websites and applications, assist in troubleshooting problems, and improve the quality of our service. Please be aware that in some cases your internet protocol address could be used to determine your general location.This privacy statement applies to the SOFTLoan service and the SOFTLoan website. We do not exercise control over any other websites or services made available to you through the SOFTLoan service, such as those of our participating companies. These sites and services may place their own cookies or other files on your computer, collect data or solicit information from you. We are not responsible for the actions or practices of these third parties. In addition, certain portions of the SOFTLoan service, including sites, applications, programs, toolbars and utilities, may be operated by third parties, and your participation in those portions of SOFTLoan may be subject to additional privacy statements provided by SOFTLoan and/or the privacy statements of the third parties that operate them. If a portion of the SOFTLoan service is subject to the privacy statement of a third party, we will disclose that and provide a link to the third party’s privacy policy. We encourage you to review their policies carefully. Your use of the SOFTLoan websites, services, applications and utilities operated by third parties may be subject to separate privacy statements and your use will constitute your consent to those separate statements. In the event of any conflict between this privacy statement and any such other privacy statement, the other privacy statement will govern only with respect to the applicable services covered by such other privacy statement.How We Use Your InformationWe use the information we obtain in order to develop, offer, deliver and improve our products and services, to offer products and services of our affiliates, participating companies, marketing partners and other companies, to process transactions in your accounts, to fulfill legal and regulatory requirements, and as otherwise permitted by applicable law. For example, we use the information to:Operate the SOFTLoan website, services, and application;Confirm identity prior to making a loan;Make decisions about setting the amount that we will lend;Make decisions about setting the amount of a purchase required before we will make a loan;Deliver products and services to people who use our site, services, and applications;Understand how visitors use our website and mobile applications, and determine whether the content on them is effective;Improve our website, services and application offerings;Personalize your experience on our website or when you use our services or applications and customize the communications and advertisements you receive from us and our affiliates and others;Deliver advertisements and other information about products, services and applications offered by SOFTLoan, our affiliates, our participating companies and others on the SOFTLoan website, via email, as you surf the Internet and when you use our mobile applications; andTo let us know which emails have been opened by recipients to understand the effectiveness of our marketing and other communications and to make those communications more useful and interesting to you.Email CommunicationsIf you choose to send us an email message, we may retain the content of the email, your email address, and our response in order to service your needs.We or a third party acting on our behalf, may use the data that you provide to send you email offers that may be of special interest to you. If you unsubscribe from these email messages, you will not receive these messages from SOFTLoan via email. See email Opt Out below for more details.Please note that some of our services including the SOFTLoan website require a valid email address in order to register and/or continue use of the service. You will receive email alerts or notification messages from these programs unless you un-enroll from these services. Email Opt OutIf you no longer wish to receive email offers or solicitations from SOFTLoan, you may unsubscribe by following the instructions in the original email you received. The instructions are generally located at the bottom of the email. If you receive emails from third parties or program partners on behalf of SOFTLoan, please be sure to unsubscribe through the instructions in the email or contact these third parties directly.If you opt out of email solicitations, SOFTLoan reserves the right to contact you via email to service and maintain your account relationship. For example, we may notify you about activity on your account, respond to any customer inquiries or requests, or alert you to web site changes or outages.Email TipsDo not provide your email address to third party web sites without reading the privacy and security policies and terms and conditions of these sites to ensure you understand the circumstances in which your email address will be used.If you suspect suspicious or fraudulent activity related to your account(s), please let your account provider know right away. You should also contact your Internet Service Provider so they may block suspicious messages from your email inbox. To learn more about how to control and manage your incoming emails, please refer to your Internet Service Providers’ online resources. You may also visit the Federal Trade Commission’s web site on spam at www.ftc.gov/spam .Our Information Sharing PracticesWe do not share your personal information except as permitted or required by law, including as provided below:Affiliates. Currently SOFTLoan LLC does not have affiliates.Sharing Information with Nonaffiliated Third Parties. We do not share your personal information with nonaffiliated third parties except as permitted or required by law, including as provided below:Agents and Service Providers . In order to provide our products and services, we may share personal information about you with agents and service providers located in the U.S. and in other countries to perform functions on our behalf, such as to send email and postal mail, analyze data, provide marketing services, process applications and payments, and service accounts. When we use these third parties, we may disclose any of the personal information that we collect, although we give them only the personal information reasonably needed to perform the service. We contractually obligate these service providers to access and use personal information only as needed to perform their functions for us and for no other purposes.Maintain and Service your SOFTLoan Account. We may disclose personal information about you to third parties as reasonably necessary to maintain and service your SOFTLoan account, including to facilitate transactions you’ve requested.Protection of SOFTLoan and Others. We may disclose personal information about you to third parties when we believe such disclosure is appropriate to comply with a legal requirement, such as a law, regulation, court order, subpoena or search warrant, or in the course of a legal proceeding. We may also disclose personal information as we believe appropriate to enforce or apply our rights under our agreements (such as, for example, our Member Agreement) with third parties, including our members, and to protect the rights, property or safety of SOFTLoan, our members and others, including exchanging information for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.Business Transfers. If there is a change of control in SOFTLoan’s business (whether by merger, sale, or otherwise), our members’ information could be sold as part of that transaction and your personal information potentially could be used by the purchaser. If the purchaser intends to materially change the terms applicable to your personal information, you will be notified by a notice posted on the website or in another appropriate manner and be given appropriate choices with respect to previously collected personal information.With your consent. We also may share your personal information with a third party if you consent to the sharing.SOFTLoan does not share personal information with nonaffiliated third parties to enable them to market their products and services directly to you. Occasionally, we engage third party service providers in the business of facilitating communications to send you information from certain participating companies, but only subject to strict confidentiality provisions that prohibit those third parties from providing your personal information to the participating companies. If we ever make the decision to share personal information with nonaffiliated third parties as described above so that they may market their products and services directly to you, we will update this privacy statement and will notify you of the update by email and/or through a notice on our website at least 30 days prior to their implementation, and you will have the opportunity to opt-out of that information sharing.SOFTLoan may share with third parties, including nonaffiliated, non-financial institutions, information that does not personally identify individual members or visitors for any reason SOFTLoan deems necessary or desirable.Security of Your Personal InformationSOFTLoan is committed to earning and keeping your trust. We understand the need for our members’ personal information to remain secure and private. To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with federal law. These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings. Further, only SOFTLoan employees who have a business need to access your personal information are authorized to do so. No method of transmission over the internet nor any method of electronic storage is 100% secure. Accordingly, we cannot guarantee absolute security over your personal information.Please remember that you also play a valuable part in data security. You should never share your SOFTLoan password with anyone. If you feel your password has been compromised, you should change it immediately. After you have finished using our site or applications, you should log out of your SOFTLoan account and exit your browser so that no unauthorized persons can use our site under your name and account.How can I access and update my SOFTLoan data?You may access and update information stored in your account profile by visiting the SOFTLoan site. Please keep your contact, account, and preference information up-to-date.Retention of Personal InformationWe will retain your information for as long as you are a SOFTLoan member and/or we reasonably deem it necessary to provide you services, comply with our legal or other obligations, resolve potential disputes, audit our records and/or enforce our rights and obligations under our agreements. If you no longer want us to use your information to provide you services, you may terminate your SOFTLoan membership.State LawIn addition to the rights described in this policy, please note that you may have additional rights under state law. For example, for accounts with a California mailing address, we will not share your personal information with a financial company for joint marketing purposes except as required or permitted by law. In addition, for accounts with a Vermont mailing address, 1) we will not share your consumer report information with our affiliates except as required or permitted by law, and 2) for joint marketing with other financial companies, we will only disclose your name, contact information and information about your transactions unless otherwise required or permitted by law.MiscellaneousCollection of Information from ChildrenSOFTLoan’s products, services, applications and utilities are not intended for purchase by children. Accordingly, SOFTLoan does not knowingly collect, either online or offline, personal information from children under the age of 13.Changes to This Privacy StatementPlease note this privacy statement may change from time to time. If we materially change this privacy statement or our information-handling practices as described in this statement, we will notify you by email and/or through a notice on our website prior to their implementation.Contacting SOFTLoan about this Privacy StatementIf you have any questions about this online privacy statement, our information-handling practices, or other aspects of privacy at SOFTLoan, please contact us by email at softloan@whoishotnow.com or by mail at SOFTLoan LLC, Customer Care – Privacy Policy Issues, 240 Main Street, Manhattan, NY 56207.DefinitionsCookies – A “cookie” is a small string of text that is sent to your computer or mobile device when you use our website. When you use our website again, the cookie may allow that site to recognize your browser, computer or mobile device. Cookies may also store user preferences and other information. You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some features or services on our website may not function properly without cookies.Personal Information – “personal information” is information that personally identifies you to the party receiving such information, including but not limited to your name, address, email address and social security number. Effective Date: Ausgut 19, 2015
Search for:
Loan Amount
Loan Length 12 Months24 Months36 Months48 Months60 Months72 Months
Interest Rate (%) Monthly Payment:
Recent Posts Invoice Factoring vs. Bank LoansAdvertisement:
Trending Topic
RSS © 2020 Soft Loan