http://www.ascends.org/policy.php
HomePricing
(650) 753-2333SIGN INTRY IT FREE
HomeCraigslist14-Days Free TrialSign In
Privacy Policy
This notice explains our data collection and privacy practices for users of the public pages of any website developed by Goxee Corp. If you do not agree to these practices, please do not continue to use this website. Your continued use of this website constitutes your agreement to the following terms. This Privacy Notice applies only to those pages of our website that are available to the general public. It does not apply to pages that require a subscription or password for access. As used in this notice, "website" means our public website and all of its pages.
We collect information about users of our website. This user information consists of your activity navigating through our site, your use of demonstration materials or interactive pages, and similar information. We also collect any information you provide to us - including non-public personal information such as name, employer, address, email address or other information - when you use this site such as when you request information about our products or services. If you do not want us to collect and use information, please do not provide it to us.
We collect anonymous traffic data on our site through the use of cookies, a small file containing a string of characters that uniquely identifies your browser. When you visit our site, we set one or more cookies in your browser. We use cookies to improve the quality of our service, including for storing user preferences, and tracking site visits. Our servers may automatically record information that your browser sends whenever you visit our site. These server logs may include information such as your Web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, and the date and time of your visit.
Our site may present links to other websites in a format that enables us to keep track of whether and how often these links have been followed. Once you leave our site by linking to another site, we assume no responsibility for the information collection or privacy practices of that site and you should read their privacy notice before providing any information.
We reserve the right to disclose any non-public personal information about our users or former users in any manner not prohibited by applicable law.
We may periodically change the terms of this Privacy Notice. When we do so, we will post the revised date at the top of the page in the same manner as the date appears here. You should check here for changes in our practices when you visit our site.
For any questions about our data collection, sharing, and privacy practices, send an email to privacypolicy@goxee.com.
About       Privacy Policy       Terms and Conditions       Help