http://www.dbase.com/company/legal/
Legal
Legal/ Copyright Information
This website and all material contained therein is copyrighted and protected by international copyright laws and treaties.
No part of this website or material contained therein may be reproduced, sold, distributed (electronic or otherwise) or used for any means whatsoever without the express written permission of dBase, LLC.
Privacy Statement
This privacy statement discloses the privacy practices for www.dbase.com and the company dBase, LLC
Information Collection and Use
dBase, LLC is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement. dBase, LLC collects information from our users at several different points on our website.
Registration
In order to opt-in to receive information concerning dataBased Intelligence, a user must first complete the contact form or opt-in e-mail list form. During registration, a user is required to give their contact information (such as name and e-mail address). This information is used to contact the user about the services on our site for which they have expressed interest. Additional information is “optional” but encouraged so we can provide a more personalized experience on our site.
Cookies
dBase, LLC does not directly utilize cookies for any functions of our web site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user’s hard drive containing information about the user.
Links
This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that dBase, LLC is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this web site.
Opt-In Mailing List
If a user wishes to subscribe (opt-in) to our mailing list, we ask for contact information such as name and email address. All other questions are optional on the opt-in sign-up form.
Choice/Opt-out
Users who no longer wish to receive mailing or promotional materials from our partners may opt-out of receiving these communications by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of the email or calling toll-free 800-518-0960 (within the US and Canada) or 607-729-0960 from everywhere.
Sharing
We do not sell any lists or contact information to any third parties.
Security
This web site takes every precaution to protect our users’ information. When users submit sensitive information via the web site, your information is protected both online and off-line. While we use SSL encryption to protect sensitive information online, we also do everything in our power to protect user-information off-line. All of our users’ information, not just the sensitive information mentioned above, is restricted in our offices. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, our billing clerk or a customer service representative) are granted access to personally identifiable information. Furthermore, ALL employees are kept up-to-date on our security and privacy practices. Every quarter, as well as any time new policies are added, our employees are notified and/or reminded about the importance we place on privacy and what they can do to ensure our customers’ information is protected. Finally, the servers that we store personally identifiable information on are kept in a secure environment.
Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on our News Page so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.
Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on the site, place an order, enter a contest or sweepstakes, respond to a survey or communication such as e-mail, or participate in another site feature.
When ordering or registering, we may ask you for your name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information or other information. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
We also collect information about gift recipients so that we can fulfill the gift purchase. The information we collect about gift recipients is not used for marketing purposes.
Like many websites, we use “cookies” to enhance your experience and gather information about visitors and visits to our websites. Please refer to the “Do we use ‘cookies’?” section below for information about cookies and how we use them.
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, purchase products, enter a contest or promotion, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
To personalize your site experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.
To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.
To quickly process your transactions.
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature.
If you have opted-in to receive our e-mail newsletter, we may send you periodic e-mails. If you would no longer like to receive promotional e-mail from us, please refer to the “How can you opt-out, remove or modify information you have provided to us?” section below. If you have not opted-in to receive e-mail newsletters, you will not receive these e-mails. Visitors who register or participate in other site features such as marketing programs and ‘members-only’ content will be given a choice whether they would like to be on our e-mail list and receive e-mail communications from us.
How do we protect visitor information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information. Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. When you place orders or access your personal information, we offer the use of a secure server. All sensitive/credit information you supply is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our databases to be only accessed as stated above.
Do we use “cookies”?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site’s or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser (like Netscape Navigator or Internet Explorer) settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies. If you turn cookies off, you won’t have access to many features that make your site experience more efficient and some of our services will not function properly. However, you can still place orders over the telephone by contacting customer service.
Do we disclose the information we collect to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information unless we provide you with advance notice, except as described below. The term “outside parties” does not include dBase LLC. It also does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others’ rights, property, or safety.
However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
How can you opt-out, remove or modify information you have provided to us?
To modify your e-mail subscriptions, please let us know by modifying your preferences in the “My Account” section. Please note that due to email production schedules you may receive any emails already in production.
To delete all of your online account information from our database, sign into the “My Account” section of our site and remove your shipping addresses, billing addresses & payment information. Please note that we may maintain information about an individual sales transaction in order to service that transaction and for record keeping.
Third party links
In an attempt to provide you with increased value, we may include third party links on our site. These linked sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these linked sites (including if a specific link does not work).
Changes to our policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page. Policy changes will apply only to information collected after the date of the change. This policy was last modified on August 6, 2003.
Questions and feedback
We welcome your questions, comments, and concerns about privacy. Please send us any and all feedback pertaining to privacy, or any other issue.
Online Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Your consent
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
dBASE PLUS Licenses
View the PDF version dBASE PLUS 12 License
View the PDF version dBASE PLUS 11 License
View the PDF version dBASE PLUS 10 License
View the PDF version dBASE PLUS 9 License
View the PDF version dBASE PLUS 8 License
dbDOS Licenses
View the PDF version dbDOS™ PRO 7 License
View the PDF version dbDOS™ PRO 6 License
View the PDF version dbDOS™ PRO 5+N License
View the PDF version dbDOS™ PRO 4N License
View the PDF version dbDOS™ PRO 4 License
View the PDF version dbDOS™ PRO 3 License
dbfUtilities Licenses
View the PDF version dTransfer™ License
View the PDF version dbfExport™ 2 License
View the PDF version dbfExport™ License
View the PDF version dbfImport™ License
View the PDF version dbfCompare™ License
View the PDF version dbfInspect™ License
View the PDF version moveSQL™ License
View the PDF version dumpSQL™ License