https://www.virtuozzo.com/legal.html
Terms And ConditionsPrivacy PolicyEULACookie PolicyExtended Lifecycle SupportReseller Terms and Conditions
VIRTUOZZO GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONSBy executing a Sales Order (as defined below) that references these Virtuozzo General Terms And Conditions ("GTCs") with Virtuozzo International GmbH, Vordergasse 59, 8200 Schaffhausen, Switzerland or any of its affiliates as identified in the Sales Order ("Virtuozzo"), the entity identified in such Sales Order ("Customer") (each of Virtuozzo and Customer, a "Party", and collectively, the "Parties") agrees to these GTCs, which together with any other documents incorporated by reference into such Sales Order and/or these GTCs, will exclusively govern such Sales Order (collectively "Agreement").1. DEFINITIONS. Certain capitalized terms, if not otherwise defined, shall have the meanings set forth below in this Clause 1.1.1 "Affiliate(s)" means any corporation, partnership or other entity that is under the direct or indirect control of the applicable Party or its respective successors and assigns. For purposes of the foregoing, "control" shall exist whenever there is an ownership, profits, voting or similar interest (including any right or option to obtain such an interest) representing at least 51% of the total interests of the pertinent entity then outstanding.1.2 "Authorized User" shall mean Customer’s employees and other individuals who are permitted to use the Virtuozzo Products as specified in the applicable Sales Order.1.3 "Business Days" means a day on which banks are open for business in Zurich, Switzerland and which is not a Saturday, Sunday or public holiday in Zurich.1.4 "Confidential Information" means structural information about the architecture of the Virtuozzo Products and any related information; any material or information that a Party considers confidential and that relates to the Party’s past, present and future research, development, business activities, products, software, services, technical knowledge, designs, methodologies, business plans or forecasts, finances, pricing, marketing plans, customers, prospects or other affairs and has not been explicitly identified as "public" or "non-confidential" or would be understood to be confidential by a reasonable person under the circumstances. Confidential Information does not include information (i) previously known to the receiving Party, before it was received from the disclosing Party without an obligation not to disclose such information, (ii) independently developed by the receiving Party without use of Confidential Information, (iii) acquired by the receiving Party from a third party that was not under an obligation to the disclosing Party not to disclose such information, or (iv) that is or becomes publicly available through no breach of this Agreement by the receiving Party.1.5 "Documentation" shall mean Virtuozzo’s user manuals, technical manuals and/or related documentation relating to a Virtuozzo Product that Virtuozzo makes available to Customer including by the means of publishing such manuals and/or related documentation on Virtuozzo’s internet resources.1.6 "EULA" means applicable Virtuozzo Product End User License Agreement that any Authorised User or end user of the Virtuozzo Product must agree to in order to access and use the applicable Virtuozzo Product. Effective version of EULA can be found at: https://www.virtuozzo.com/legal.html, and may be amended, supplemented, or modified by Virtuozzo from time to time.1.7 "Intellectual Property" means all rights, title, and interest in and to the Virtuozzo Product or any part of it, including all patent, copyright, trade secret, trademark, moral rights, mask work rights, and all other types of intellectual property.1.8 "License Keys" are the serial numbers, provided by Virtuozzo, required to activate a Virtuozzo Product on Customer’s system. The validity of a license key is directly connected to the granted use right in the respective Virtuozzo Product. If the use right, expires, is waived or terminated for any reason, the respective License Key will be terminated, rendering the Virtuozzo Product unusable immediately.1.9 "Personnel" means any individual that Virtuozzo currently employs as an employee or independent contractor and with which Customer comes into contact in relation to this Agreement.1.10 "Sales Order" means an order in writing for purchase of Virtuozzo Products concluded between Virtuozzo and Customer.1.11 "Software" shall mean the executable, object code version of Virtuozzo’s proprietary application software licensed to Customer as specifically identified in a Sales Order.1.12 "Term" shall mean the period that this Agreement remains in force and effect in accordance with Clause 11.1.13 "Territory" shall mean the territory specified in the applicable Sales Order, if a Sales Order does not specify the territory then it shall be deemed to be worldwide.1.14 "Virtuozzo Products" shall mean the Software, the Support Services (as outlined in the Sales Order), and/or other products or services specified in a Sales Order, along with all applicable Documentation.2. AGREEMENT STRUCTURE2.1 Customer may request to purchase Virtuozzo Products by executing a Sales Order, and after the execution of the Sales Order through the KA System (as defined in Clause 5 herein below), if Customer is provided with an access to KA System. The Sales Order shall only be deemed to be accepted by Virtuozzo when Virtuozzo signs the Sales Order or issue a written acceptance of the Sales Order. Virtuozzo may accept or decline any Sales Order in its own discretion.2.2 Each Agreement shall govern a single Sales Order that forms part of it and shall constitute a distinct contract independent of any other Sales Order and Agreement between Customer and Virtuozzo.2.3 Any quotation given by Virtuozzo for Virtuozzo Products shall not constitute an offer, and is only valid for the period specified in quotation (or if no such period is specified, twenty (20) business days from the date of issue).2.4 Any documents or terms issued by Customer of which Customer seeks to impose or incorporate, including any purchase order, shall be for Customer’s internal administrative purposes only and, regardless of what such documents may state otherwise, will have no contractual force or effect on Virtuozzo and shall not operate to govern Parties’ relationship or modify Virtuozzo’s Agreement with Customer.2.5 Customer acknowledges and understands that these GTCs do not, absent execution of a Sales Order, impose any obligation upon Virtuozzo to provide any license, access or services. In the event of a conflict between these GTCs and any Sales Order, these GTCs shall govern unless the provisions of the relevant Sales Order explicitly state that the particular terms of that Sales Order shall govern. Customer shall assist and cooperate with Virtuozzo whenever reasonably necessary including by performing Customer’s responsibilities as set forth on any Sales Order. Virtuozzo’ performance hereunder is dependent on Customer’s timely and effective performance of Customer’s responsibilities.3. LICENSE3.1 License Grant. Subject to the license terms and restrictions set forth in a Sales Order and the restrictions in Clause 3.2 below, Virtuozzo grants Customer a revocable, limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable license to allow Authorized Users in the Territory to use the Virtuozzo Products as specified in such Sales Order on physical or virtual machines owned or managed by Customer and its Affiliates during the Term which is specified in such Sales Order.3.2 Prohibited Uses. Customer shall not use the Virtuozzo Products for any purposes beyond the scope of the EULA and licenses granted in this Agreement and the applicable Sales Order. Customer shall require each Authorised User to accept the EULA, which may be embedded in the Virtuozzo Product, prior to granting them access to the Virtuozzo Product. Virtuozzo reserves the right to revoke the license for any Authorised User who does not comply with the EULA. Customer shall provide documented evidence of such acceptance to Virtuozzo in writing upon first request. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Customer shall not, unless specifically allowed in the applicable Sales Order or except with the prior written consent of Virtuozzo: (i) market or distribute the Virtuozzo Products; (ii) assign (except as permitted by Clause 12.4 herein), sublicense (except as permitted in the applicable Sales Order for providing Application Service Provider ("ASP") and/or hosting services to Customer’s, and Customer’s Affiliates’, clients and customers), sell, lease or otherwise transfer or convey, or pledge as security or otherwise encumber, Customer’s rights under the licenses granted; (iii) modify or create any derivative works of the Virtuozzo Products (or any component thereof); (iv) combine or integrate the Virtuozzo Products with hardware, software or technology not provided to Customer by Virtuozzo hereunder; or (v) decompile, disassemble, reverse engineer or otherwise attempt to obtain or perceive the source code from which any component of the Virtuozzo Products are compiled or interpreted, and Customer hereby acknowledges that nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to grant Customer any right to obtain or use such source code.3.3 Compliance with Laws. Customer shall ensure that its use of the Virtuozzo Products complies in all respects with all applicable laws, statutes, regulations, ordinances or other rules promulgated by governing authorities that the Parties or the Virtuozzo Products are subject to, including, without limitation, by means of obtaining any permits, licenses and/or approvals required with respect to export regulations promulgated by the Bureau of Export Administration or any other agency or department of the federal government of the United States of America, Switzerland or Japan, or any other competent authority. Customer acknowledges that Virtuozzo makes no representation or warranty that the Virtuozzo Products may be exported without Customer first affirming appropriate licenses or permits under applicable law, or that any such license or permit has been, shall be or can be obtained. Customer herewith represents and warrants that Customer and its Authorized Users are not subject to any limitations of sanctions regulations (US, EU and any other applicable regulations).3.4 Proprietary Notices. Customer shall duplicate all proprietary notices and legends of Virtuozzo and its suppliers or licensors upon any and all copies of the Virtuozzo Products made by Customer. Customer shall not remove, alter or obscure any such proprietary notice or legend.3.5 Monitoring. Customer understands and acknowledges that Virtuozzo may monitor the operation and usage of the Virtuozzo Products through a reporting function in the Software. Customer agrees to facilitate such monitoring by ensuring that all firewall ports are open and to notify Virtuozzo if there are any operational issues that could prevent remote monitoring. Virtuozzo has the right to use, and Customer warrants that it has obtained all necessary consents and licenses for such use, any and all data and information related to Customer’s use of the Virtuozzo Products for any lawful purpose including, without limitation, invoicing, statistical analysis, benchmarking and research purposes.4. FEES AND PAYMENTS4.1 Fees Payable. Customer agrees to pay the amounts specified in Virtuozzo invoice based on the Sales Order, monitoring data and KA System (as defined in Clause 5 herein below) account data, provided that billing shall be based on the actual number of running virtual machines. In case of controversy between the Sales Order, monitoring data and KA System data, for the purpose of invoicing information related to the quantity of purchased/generated Virtuozzo Products provided by monitoring and KA System shall prevail. If no payment terms are specified in the applicable Sales Order, fees and other charges shall be due and payable by the Customer within thirty (30) calendar days of the date of Virtuozzo’ invoice. Virtuozzo may in its own discretion request Customer to pay an advance payment for Virtuozzo Products and set forth amounts of advance payments in the Sales Order. Virtuozzo does not refund fees paid by Customer, and once the fee payment is made to Virtuozzo, Customer shall have no recourse for receiving a refund of any part of the fees and all such fees shall be deemed to have been fully earned, unless Virtuozzo resolve the dispute of the invoice in accordance with the procedure described in the Clause 4.3 in favor of Customer. In case if the payment is conducted by a Customer’s credit card according to terms and conditions in the Clause 4.5 herein below, the credit card will be charged immediately upon Virtuozzo invoice issuance. Virtuozzo reserves the right to add or remove Virtuozzo Products listed in the respective Sales Order, as well as amend any terms related thereto, including pricing at any time upon written (email) notice to Customer to the Customer’s email address identified in the respective Sales Order. The amended list of Virtuozzo Products, terms and/or pricing shall become effective in thirty (30) days upon the date of the email notification.4.2 Customer’s Operating Expenses. Customer is responsible for all expenses incurred in performance of its obligations or exercise of its rights under this Agreement.4.3 Disputed Charges. Customer must duly notify Virtuozzo (as defined in Clause 12.4 herein below) of any dispute with invoiced charges within fifteen (15) calendar days of the date of the invoice to billing@virtuozzo.com. Absent such notice, Customer will be deemed to have agreed to the charges as invoiced. No further disputes will be accepted by Virtuozzo after such timeframe.4.4 Late Charges. In addition to, and without prejudice to any other remedy available to Virtuozzo, if any payment is not received by Virtuozzo from Customer when it is due, and is not the subject of a good faith dispute, Virtuozzo may, at its sole discretion, terminate this Agreement immediately, and/or: (i) revoke or limit Customer’s KA System access (as defined herein below) and/or terminate any License Keys supplied in connection with this Agreement and respective Sales Order(s), and/or cease provision of any services provided according to respective Sales Order(s); and/or (ii) assess interest on any unpaid amounts from the due date until paid in full at the rate of 3% above the "LIBOR" rate as published by the Zurich periodical "Finanz und Wirtschaft" or at the maximum rate permitted under applicable law, whichever is less. The payment of such interest will be in addition to and not in substitution for any and all other remedies available to Virtuozzo in respect of such non-payment.4.5 Credit Card Payment. Customer herewith agrees to provide its credit card details to a third party credit card processing provider as requested by Virtuozzo, and authorizes Virtuozzo to charge the Customer’s credit card through such third party provider monthly according to the amounts of Virtuozzo invoices . Customer herewith agrees that any fees payable under this Agreement and Sales Order shall be charged to Customer’s credit card unless otherwise agreed by the Parties in a Sales Order.4.6 Taxes. All amounts payable under this Agreement shall exclude all applicable sales, use and value added taxes other taxes and all applicable export and import fees, customs duties and similar charges. Customer must pay Virtuozzo the total invoice amount without deductions for taxes, assessments, fees, or charges of any kind. Customer is responsible for paying all sales, use, excise, value-added, withholding or other tax or governmental charges imposed on the licensing or use of the Virtuozzo Products (collectively "Taxes"). Customer shall be responsible for payment of all Taxes resulting from this Agreement (other than taxes based on Virtuozzo income). In the event that such Taxes are imposed and Customer is required to deduct such amounts from the fees payable hereunder, the Parties agree that the original amount invoiced by Virtuozzo will be increased by the amount of such Taxes such that Customer pays Virtuozzo the amount of fees as originally invoiced. The Customer shall apply the provisions of the applicable double taxation treaty to decrease the applicable tax rate or to avoid to the extent possible levying of taxes on Virtuozzo’s profit (fees). For the purpose of applying a double taxation treaty, at Customer’s request, Virtuozzo shall provide Customer a certificate of tax residency or other documentation that may be required to confirm the domicile (tax residency) of Virtuozzo pursuant to the laws of country of incorporation of Virtuozzo.4.7 Audit Rights and Records. During the Term and for a period of two (2) years following termination or expiration of this Agreement, Customer agrees to keep all usual and proper books and records relating to its performance of and compliance with this Agreement. During that period, upon at least five (5) Business Days’ notice, Virtuozzo shall have the right, at its own expense, to periodically audit the records of Customer with respect to matters covered by this Agreement either by physically visiting Customer’s premises or by remote access (as determined by Virtuozzo). If such audit reveals that Customer has underpaid Virtuozzo, Customer shall promptly pay such amounts as are necessary to rectify such underpayment, together with interest at the rate in Clause 4.4. If the amount of an underpayment equals or exceeds five percent (5%) of the total amounts due during the applicable period, Customer will reimburse Virtuozzo for the cost of such audit.5. KEY ADMINISTRATOR ("KA") SYSTEM LICENSE5.1 Virtuozzo grants Customer a non-exclusive, revocable, non-transferable, non-sublicenseable license to use its KA System to generate, manage, update and terminate Authorised User licenses on demand.(a) Privilege. Customer agrees that KA access is a privilege of customership and will use KA in good faith.(b) Revocation. At any time if in Virtuozzo’s sole and exclusive discretion Virtuozzo is of the opinion that Customer is not using KA in a proper or responsible manner, or is in breach of any terms of this Agreement and Sales Order, including delay of any payment due according to this Agreement and Sales Order, Virtuozzo may revoke the KA System license.(c) License Key Responsibility. Customer is financially responsible for all License Keys created in its KA System account. Customer acknowledges and agrees that it is exclusively responsible for the termination of unused License Keys in its KA System account. Customer can access its KA System account at any time to terminate keys. Customer acknowledges that Virtuozzo is not responsible for the maintenance or termination of any License Keys in Customer’s KA System account whatsoever and that any active License Key in Customer’s KA System account will be billed toward Customer in the following monthly invoice. Active License Keys are considered as any License Key that is not marked for termination. For the avoidance of doubt, some License Keys carry a minimum subscription period and will be billed for the entire subscription period even if marked as terminated. If, in accordance with Clause 5(b) above, Virtuozzo revokes Customer’s license to the KA System, Customer may send License Key termination requests to Virtuozzo via email to billing@virtuozzo.com.(d) Password Change. If Customer’s KA System account information is or may be compromised, Customer shall notify Virtuozzo within one (1) Business Day from becoming aware of such fact to change its password accordingly.5.2 Virtuozzo Product Ordering Procedure. Customer shall order License Keys for its Authorised Users by using its KA System account. All orders are subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and Sales Order. If there is any conflict between this Agreement and the terms of an order or any other correspondence transmitted to Virtuozzo by Customer, the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall prevail. Upon receipt of orders from Customer, Virtuozzo shall ensure that the requested Virtuozzo Products are made available to Customer by download, accompanied by corresponding invoices. Customer shall not accept, alter, enlarge, limit, or accept the return of any License Keys on behalf of Virtuozzo, or in any manner assume or create any obligation, express or implied, on behalf of or in the name of Virtuozzo, or act for or bind Virtuozzo in any other matter. Virtuozzo may in its ultimate and sole discretion accept, reject, or cancel any order submitted by Customer through KA System. Virtuozzo shall promptly notify Customer (as defined in Clause 12.4 herein below) if it decides to reject or cancel any orders submitted by Customer through KA System. Virtuozzo is not liable for damages to Customer or to any third party caused by Virtuozzo’s delay or error in filling, or failure to fill, any orders for any reason.5.3 Support. Unless otherwise agreed between the Parties in a Sales Order or in a separate written agreement, Virtuozzo shall provide to Customer only basic support services, according to the terms and conditions of support services provided at https://www.virtuozzo.com/support/all-products/scope-of-support.html.6. CONFIDENTIALITY6.1 Ownership of Confidential Information. The Parties acknowledge that during the performance of this Agreement, each Party shall have access to Confidential Information of the other Party. Both Parties agree that, as between the Parties, Confidential Information is owned by the disclosing Party.6.2 Mutual Confidentiality Obligations. Each Party agrees: (i) to use the Confidential Information only for the purposes described herein; (ii) that such Party shall not reproduce the Confidential Information except as necessary to comply with this Agreement and shall hold in confidence and protect the Confidential Information from dissemination to, and use by, any third party and such Party shall treat the Confidential Information and keep it confidential with the same duty of care as it uses with regard to its own Confidential Information, but at least the duty of care of a reasonable professional in the same circumstances; (iii) that neither Party shall create any derivative work from the other Party’s Confidential Information; (iv) to restrict access to the Confidential Information to such of its personnel, agents, and/or consultants, if any, who have a need to have access and who have been advised of and have agreed in writing to treat such information in accordance with the terms of this Agreement; and (v) to return or destroy all Confidential Information of the other Party in its possession upon termination or expiration of this Agreement.7. OWNERSHIP. Customer acknowledges that Virtuozzo owns all right, title, and interest, including all Intellectual Property in and to the Virtuozzo Products and all work products, derivative works, developments, inventions, technology or materials provided under or otherwise in connection with a Sales Order(s), (including all related components) and Customer hereby assigns all such rights, if any, to Virtuozzo. Virtuozzo expressly reserves all rights not expressly granted to Customer in this Agreement.8. WARRANTIES8.1 Representations and Warranties. Each Party represents and warrants to the other that the execution and performance of this Agreement does not and shall not violate any other contract, obligation, or instrument and that it has the legal power and authority to enter into the Agreement and each applicable Sales Order. Virtuozzo’s obligations with respect to any warranties specified in this Agreement are contingent on Customer’s use of the Virtuozzo Products in accordance with this Agreement and in accordance with EULA.8.2 No Other Warranties. Except as otherwise expressly warranted in this Agreement, the Virtuozzo Products and any other materials, software, data and/or services provided by Virtuozzo in accordance with this Agreement are provided "AS IS" and Virtuozzo expressly disclaims all other warranties of any kind or nature, whether express, implied or statutory, including, but not limited to, any warranties of operability, condition, title, non-infringement, accuracy of data or quality, as well as any warranties of merchantability, system integration, workmanship, suitability, fitness for a particular purpose, or the absence of any defects therein. No warranty is made by Virtuozzo on the basis of trade usage, course of dealing or course of trade. Virtuozzo does not warrant that the Virtuozzo Products or any other materials, Software, data and/or services provided under this Agreement shall meet Customer’s requirements or the requirements of Authorised Users or that the operation thereof shall be uninterrupted or error-free, or that errors shall be corrected.9. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY9.1 LIMITATIONS. The cumulative liability of Virtuozzo to Customer for all claims arising from or relating to this Agreement and any Sales Order(s) shall be a maximum of the fees paid to Virtuozzo by Customer under this Agreement during the three months period immediately preceding the event which gave rise to the claim. In no event shall Virtuozzo or its licensors or suppliers be liable to Customer for any incidental, indirect, special, consequential or punitive damages, regardless of the nature of the claim, including, without limitation, lost profits, costs of delay, any failure of delivery, business interruption, costs of lost or damaged data or documentation or liabilities to third parties arising from any source, even if Virtuozzo has been advised of the possibility of such damages.9.2 Essential Basis. The disclaimers, exclusions and limitations of liability set forth in this Agreement form an essential basis of the bargain between the Parties, and, absent any of such disclaimers, exclusions or limitations of liability, the provisions of this Agreement and Sales Order(s), including, without limitation, the economic terms, would be substantially different.10. INDEMNIFICATION10.1 Indemnification by Virtuozzo.(a) Virtuozzo shall indemnify, hold harmless, and, at Virtuozzo’s option, defend Customer from and against all costs, expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees), damages, and liabilities resulting from any claim by any third party that any use of, or access to, the Virtuozzo Products expressly authorized under this Agreement infringes any Intellectual Property under applicable laws of any jurisdiction. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Virtuozzo shall have no obligation or liability to Customer to the extent that the alleged infringement arises from (i) the combination, operation, or use of the Virtuozzo Products with products, services, information, materials, technologies, business methods or processes not furnished by Virtuozzo; (ii) modifications to the Virtuozzo Products not made by Virtuozzo; (iii) failure to use updates to the Virtuozzo Products provided by Virtuozzo; or (iv) use of the Virtuozzo Products in violation of any applicable user documentation or specifications (circumstances under the foregoing clauses (i), (ii), (iii) and (iv), are collectively referred to as, "Customer Indemnity Responsibilities").(b) Upon the occurrence of a claim that indemnity is or may be due under this Clause 10.1, or in the event that Virtuozzo believes that such a claim is likely, Virtuozzo may, at its option (i) appropriately modify the applicable Virtuozzo Products so that it becomes non-infringing without a material loss of functionality, or substitute functionally equivalent software or services; (ii) obtain a license to the applicable third-party Intellectual Property to allow for Customer’s continued use of the applicable Virtuozzo Products as contemplated by this Agreement; or (iii) if the options in both Clause 10.1(b)(i) and Clause 10.1(b)(ii) are not commercially practicable, terminate the applicable Sales Order on a due notice (as defined in Clause 12.4 herein below) to Customer and refund any amounts paid in advance for services not yet received. The obligations set forth in this Clause 10 shall constitute Virtuozzo’s entire liability and Customer’s sole remedy for any actual or alleged infringement.10.2 Indemnification by Customer. Customer shall indemnify, hold harmless, and, at Virtuozzo’s option, defend Virtuozzo from and against all costs, expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees), damages, and liabilities resulting from any claim by any third party arising from or in connection with Customer Indemnity Responsibilities or Customer’s breach of this Agreement.10.3 Indemnification Process. The Party seeking indemnification agrees to give the indemnifying Party (i) prompt a due notice (as defined in Clause 12.4 herein below) of such claim; (ii) authority to control and direct the defense and/or settlement of such claim (directly or indirectly as permitted by the relevant procedural rules); and (iii) such information and assistance as the indemnifying Party may reasonably request, at indemnifying Party’s expense, in connection with such defense and/or settlement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the indemnifying Party shall not settle any third-party claim against the indemnified Party unless such settlement completely and forever releases the indemnified Party with respect thereto or unless the indemnified Party provides its prior written consent to such settlement. Indemnified Party has the right but no obligation to participate in any action controlled by indemnifying Party pursuant to Section 9.3(ii), at Indemnified Party's own expense and by counsel of its choice.11. TERM AND TERMINATION11.1 Term. This Agreement shall become effective upon the Effective Date and shall continue for one (1) year from the Effective Date ("Initial Term") unless terminated earlier in accordance with this Clause 11. After the Initial Term, it shall renew for successive one (1) year periods ("Renewal Term") unless either Party gives a due notice (as defined in Clause 12.4 herein below) to the other Party that it does not intend to renew this Agreement at least thirty (30) days before the end of the Initial Term or any Renewal Term. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect until the expiration or termination of any and all Sales Orders executed prior to the end of the Term. The Term of individual Sales Orders shall be as set forth therein.11.2 Termination for Breach. Either Party may terminate this Agreement or a Sales Order immediately upon a due notice (as defined in Clause 12.4 herein below)if the other Party breaches a material term of this Agreement or the applicable Sales Order and thereafter (i) in the case of a breach resulting from non-payment of amounts due hereunder, has failed to pay such amounts within three (3) calendar days after receiving a due notice thereof (as defined in Clause 12.4 herein below); or (ii) has failed to cure any other breach (or fails to commence diligent efforts to cure such breach that are reasonably acceptable to the non-breaching Party) within ten (10) calendar days after receiving a due notice (as defined in Clause 12.4 herein below) thereof.11.3 Termination for Insolvency. Either Party may terminate this Agreement immediately upon a due notice (as defined in Clause 12.4 herein below) after the other Party has executed an assignment for the benefit of creditors or filed for relief under any applicable bankruptcy, reorganization, moratorium, or similar debtor relief laws, or in the event that a receiver has been appointed for the other Party or any of its assets or properties, or an involuntary petition in bankruptcy has been filed against such Party, that has not been dismissed, vacated, or stayed within thirty (30) calendar days.11.4 Accrued Obligations. Termination of this Agreement and/or any particular Sales Order shall not release the Parties from any liability that, at the time of termination, has already accrued or that thereafter may accrue with respect to any act or omission before termination, or from any obligation that is expressly stated in this Agreement and/or any applicable Sales Order to survive termination. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Party terminating this Agreement or any Sales Order as permitted by any provision in this Clause 11 or in such Sales Order shall incur no additional liability merely by virtue of such termination.11.5 Effect of Termination. Upon any termination of this Agreement or any Sales Order, Customer shall (i) immediately discontinue all use of the Virtuozzo Products licensed under the applicable Sales Order (unless otherwise specified in such terminated Sales Order); (ii) promptly pay to Virtuozzo all amounts due and remaining payable; and (iii) if applicable pursuant to a terminated Sales Order, pay any applicable termination fee.11.6 Survival. The provisions of Clauses 1, 3.2, 4, 5, 6, 8.2, 9, 10, 11.4, 11.5, 11.6 and 12 shall survive any termination of this Agreement.12. MISCELLANEOUS12.1 Applicable Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with Swiss law without giving effect to conflict of law rules and with the Vienna Convention on the Sale of Goods being expressly excluded. The Parties agree that any and all disputes between the Parties arising out of or in relation to this Agreement shall be resolved amicably between the Parties. Should the Parties fail to resolve the dispute amicably within thirty (30) calendar days upon written request by one Party to the other Party, such dispute shall be exclusively submitted to the courts of Zurich, canton of Zurich, Switzerland. The prevailing Party in any action under this Agreement is entitled to recover reasonable attorneys’ fees and related costs.12.2 Anti-Corruption. The Parties acknowledge that the giving and taking of bribes can lead to criminal proceedings in accordance with art.102 para. 2, art. 322 and art. 322 of the Swiss Federal Criminal Code. In this context, Virtuozzo is entitled to solicit information from Customer.12.3 Force Majeure. Virtuozzo shall be excused from any delays in performance of its obligations under this Agreement if such a delay results from compliance with any requirement of applicable law, acts of god, fire, strike, embargo, terrorist attack, war, insurrection or riot or other causes beyond the reasonable control of Virtuozzo. Any delay resulting from any of such causes shall extend performance accordingly or excuse performance, in whole or in part, as may be reasonable under the circumstances. However, the Customer shall be entitled to terminate this Agreement when such delay lasts for ninety (90) calendar days consecutively.12.4 Notices. Any notice to be given pursuant to this Agreement must be sent on email addresses provided by the Parties in the Sales Order in English. If the Party change its email addresses, new email addresses shall be communicated by such Party to another Party by an email notification. Notice will be deemed duly given in writing when delivered to an email provided by the Party in the Sales Order, or sent by confirmed facsimile transmission, or sent by certified or registered mail or nationally-recognized express courier, return receipt requested, to the address shown on the Sales Order. To be effective all notices to Virtuozzo: (i) if other than by email, shall be sent to Virtuozzo International GmbH, Vordergasse 59, 8200 Schaffhausen, Switzerland; (ii) if by email, shall be sent to billing@virtuozzo.com, if another email is not provided in the Sales Order.12.5 Assignment. Customer shall not assign its rights or delegate its obligations under this Agreement without Virtuozzo’s prior written consent; any such consent shall not be unreasonably withheld. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of Virtuozzo and Customer and their successors and permitted assigns. Virtuozzo may assign this Agreement or any Sales Order without changes of contractual contents in its totality to any subsidiary or Affiliate of either Virtuozzo or Parallels Holdings Ltd.* with ten (10) calendar days’ prior due notice (as defined in Clause 12.4 herein above) to Customer.12.6 Independent Contractors. Customer and Virtuozzo acknowledge and agree that the relationship arising from this Agreement does not constitute or create any joint venture, partnership, employment relationship or franchise between them, and the Parties are acting as independent contractors in making and performing this Agreement.12.7 Amendment. Virtuozzo may modify and/or amend this Agreement and any or all documents incorporated by reference including EULA from time to time. Any such amendment or modification will become effective immediately from when it is uploaded to https://www.virtuozzo.com/legal.html and Customer continued use of Virtuozzo Products shall constitute acceptance of such amendment and/or modification.12.8 Waiver. Failure by either Party to enforce the provisions of this Agreement will not represent a waiver of such rights and will not affect the validity of this Agreement nor affect that Party’s rights to take subsequent action.12.9 Severability. If any provision, or portion thereof, of the Agreement is held unenforceable or invalid by a court of competent jurisdiction, the enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not be affected.12.10 No Third Party Beneficiaries. Except for those third parties that have licensed software or other intellectual property to Virtuozzo and that is included as part of the Virtuozzo Products, no person or entity shall be a third party beneficiary of these GTCs or have any right or cause of action hereunder.12.11 U.S. Government End-Users. The Virtuozzo Products include commercial technical data and/or computer licensed databases and/or commercial computer software and/or commercial computer software documentation, as such terms are used in 48 C.F.R. 12.212, that were developed exclusively at private expense by Virtuozzo and/or its licensors. Consistent with 48 C.F.R. 12.212 and 48 C.F.R. 227.7202-1 through 227.7202-4 all U.S. Government end users acquire the Virtuozzo Products with only those rights set forth herein.12.12 Non-Solicitation. Customer will not, without the prior written consent of Virtuozzo solicit, offer work to, employ, or contract with, directly or indirectly, on its own behalf or on behalf of its affiliates, any of Virtuozzo’s Personnel or the Personnel of its affiliates during the Term of this Agreement or during the twelve (12) months following termination of this Agreement. For purposes of this Clause, "Personnel" includes any individual that Virtuozzo employs or has employed as a partner, employee or independent contractor and with which Customer comes into direct contact in the course of the Services. If Customer breaches this Clause, Customer will pay Virtuozzo EUR 1,500,000.00 (One million five hundred thousand Euro), payable net thirty (30) calendar days from the date of invoice, as liquidated damages for breach of this Clause.12.13 Headings. The headings in this Agreement are inserted merely for the purpose of convenience and shall not affect the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.12.14 Publicity. Virtuozzo may include Customer’s name and corporate logo (if applicable) in any presentation, marketing materials, and/or customer lists (including, without limitation, customer lists posted on Virtuozzo web sites).12.15 Entire Agreement. This Agreement (including all Sales Orders) sets forth the entire agreement and understanding between the Parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof.
Virtuozzo International GmbH and its affiliated companies respect your privacy and will process any personal data only in accordance with applicable data protection laws. In light of the new EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), which will take effect on 25 May 2018 , we would like to provide you with certain information about the data we process. This Privacy Policy covers the information we collect about you when you use our website or products and how we process that personal data.If you have any questions or concerns about our use of your personal information, then please contact us using the contact details provided at the bottom of this Privacy Notice.Quick linksWe recommend that you read this Privacy Policy in full to ensure you are fully informed. However, if you only want to access a particular section of this Privacy Policy then you can click on the relevant link below to jump to that section.The types of data we collectHow we use your dataCookies and similar tracking technologyOur basis for using your dataMeasures to keep your data safeData retentionYour choices and rightsHow to contact usThe types of data we collectInformation that you provide voluntarily Certain parts of our website and/or products may ask you to provide personal information voluntarily: e.g., we may ask you to provide your contact details in order to download a free trial of our product, to access to additional resources and documentation (e.g. product guides) to register an account with us, to subscribe to marketing communications from us, and/or to submit enquiries to us.  The personal information that you are asked to provide, and the reasons why you are asked to provide it, will be made clear to you at the point we ask you to provide your personal information and may include name, postal address, e-mail address, phone number, date of birth, language preference, job title and business affiliations. We do not collect or process credit card or payment data at any time.Information that we collect automatically When you visit our website and/or use our products, we may collect certain information automatically from your device (e.g., information like your IP address, device type, unique device identification numbers, browser-type, broad geographic location (i.e., country or city-level location) and other technical information). We may also collect information about how your device has interacted with our website and/or products, including the pages accessed and links clicked. In some countries, including countries in the European Economic Area, this information may be considered personal information under applicable data protection laws. Collecting this information enables us to better understand the visitors who come to our website and/or use our product, where they come from, and what content on our website is of interest to them. We use this information for our internal analytics purposes and to improve the quality and relevance of our website and/or products to our visitors.Some of this information may be collected using cookies and similar tracking technology, as explained further under the heading “Cookies and similar tracking technology” below.In some cases, your personal data will be supplemented by information retrieved from public sources, such as online media or employer websites, for the purpose of confirming your current professional position or address.How we use your dataWe use the personal data for communication purposes, including to send you newsletters, promotions, surveys and other product-related information and to maintain our list of contacts. We do not sell or otherwise make your personal data available to third parties, although we may disclose your personal information to the following categories of recipients: to our group companies (including those in Cyprus, Estonia, Germany, Malta, Russia, Spain, the United Kingdom and United States), third party services providers and partners who provide data processing services to us (e.g., to support the delivery of, provide functionality on, or help to enhance the security of our website and/or products), or who otherwise process personal information for purposes that are described in this Privacy Notice or notified to you when we collect your personal information (when they perform services on our behalf, mainly to maintain and support our IT systems).We may also disclose your personal data to third parties including law enforcement bodies, regulatory, government agencies or other third parties in the following circumstances: (a) to undertake the activities listed above; (b) to conform to legal requirements or comply with legal process (including assisting in the investigation of suspected illegal or wrongful activity or to deal with any misuse of the product); (c) to sell, make ready for sale or dispose of our business in whole or in part including to any potential buyer or their advisers.If you are based in the European Union (“EU”), any international transfers of your personal data outside the EU/European Economic area (“EEA”) are based on the EU Commission’s standard contractual clauses, which may be read here. Your personal data will only be saved for these purposes and for as long as you are a business contact to us.Cookies and similar tracking technologyWe use cookies and similar tracking technology (collectively, “Cookies”) to collect and use personal information about you including to serve interest-based advertising. For further information about the types of Cookies we use, why, and how you can control Cookies, please see our Cookie Policy.Our basis for using your dataIf you are a visitor from the European Economic Area, our legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described above will depend on the personal information concerned and the specific context in which we collect it. When processing personal data for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy, we will rely on any consents you have provided in respect of direct marketing activities or in reliance on our legitimate interests this interest will normally be to conduct our business and communicating with you as necessary to provide our services to you and for our legitimate commercial interest, for instance, when responding to your queries, improving our services, or for the purposes of detecting or preventing illegal activities. We may have other legitimate interests and if appropriate we will make clear to you at the relevant time what those legitimate interests are.Measures to keep your data safeWe employ appropriate technical and organisational measures to help protect your personal data against loss and unauthorised access. We regularly review our security policies and procedures to ensure our systems are secure and protected.Data retentionWe retain personal information we collect from you where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so (e.g., to provide you with a service you have requested or to comply with applicable legal, tax or accounting requirements).When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymise it or, if this is not possible (e.g., because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.Your choices and rightsWe welcome your inquiries and comments. You have the right to know what personal data we process about you and may request a copy. You are also entitled to have incorrect or incomplete personal data about you corrected or completed and you may, in certain circumstances, ask us to delete or erase some or all of your personal data. You can also object to certain personal data about you being processed and request that processing be limited. Please note that the limitation or deletion of your personal data may mean we will be unable to provide the services described above. You also have the right to receive your personal data in a machine-readable format and have the data transferred to another party responsible for data processing. To opt out of any received emails, please unsubscribe by selecting “unsubscribe” at the bottom of a received e-mail.How to contact usIf you have any questions about how we process your personal data, please feel free to contact us at privacy@virtuozzo.com.
Information Collected Automatically – CookiesCookies are text files containing small amounts of information which are downloaded to your device when you visit a website. Like most websites, we use cookies and web log files for a variety of purposes, including tracking site usage and trends, improving service quality, and customizing our users’ experience. Cookies enable the website to remember your actions and preferences (such as login, language, font size and other display preferences) over a period of time, so you don't have to keep re-entering them whenever you come back to the site or browse from one page to another.We use cookies for three general purposes:for site functionality like user id and password promptsfor aggregate traffic data like rating popular pagesto deliver Virtuozzo and third-party advertisingOur Site also captures limited information (user-agent, HTTP referrer, last URL requested by the user, client-side and server-side clickstream) about visits to our Site; we may use this information to analyze general traffic patterns and to perform routine system maintenance.You have many choices with regards to the management of cookies on your computer. All major browsers allow you to block or delete cookies from your system. To learn more about your ability to manage cookies and web beacons, please consult the privacy features in your browser.This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google") to help us understand how users use our web site and our mobile applications. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.How can I control cookies and/or remove them?You may set or amend your web browser controls to accept or refuse cookies. If you choose to reject cookies, you may still use our website though your access to some functionality and areas of our website may be restricted. As the means by which you can refuse cookies through your web browser controls vary from browser-to-browser, you should visit your browser's help menu for more information. For more information about cookies including how to set your internet browser to reject cookies please go to www.allaboutcookies.orgTo opt out of Google Analytics visit http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.In addition, most advertising networks offer you a way to opt out of targeted advertising. If you would like to find out more information, please visit http://www.aboutads.info/choices/ or http://www.youronlinechoices.com.Information UsesVirtuozzo uses your information to serve you and meet your needs to our best ability. For example, when you use our website, the cookie helps recognize you and your preferences. We use your product purchase and registration information to keep you informed about updates, patches and other advisories. We use it to process your purchases, manage subscriptions, send messages and provide product support.We also use your information for research into improving our products and services, for planning new features and updates and to customize and improve our websites. For the safety of our customers and employees, we may use information we collect to detect and prevent potential or actual claims and prohibited behaviors, such as fraud or attempts to breach our information security. For further details, please refer to our Privacy Policy.Information InquiriesIndividuals who have questions about our personal information handling policies and procedures can contact us at privacy@virtuozzo.com.
This End-User License Agreement (this “Agreement”) is a legal contract between you, as either an individual or an Entity (as defined below), and Virtuozzo International GmbH (“Virtuozzo”). READ THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT CAREFULLY BEFORE DOWNLOADING, INSTALLING, OBTAINING A LICENSE KEY, OR OTHERWISE ACCESSING OR USING VIRTUOZZO’S PROPRIETARY SOFTWARE ACCOMPANIED BY THIS AGREEMENT (the “Software”). THE SOFTWARE IS COPYRIGHTED AND IT IS LICENSED TO YOU UNDER THIS AGREEMENT, NOT SOLD TO YOU. BY DOWNLOADING, INSTALLING, OBTAINING A LICENSE KEY, OR OTHERWISE ACCESSING OR USING THE SOFTWARE, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ THIS AGREEMENT, THAT YOU UNDERSTAND IT, AND THAT YOU ACCEPT AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY ITS TERMS. IF YOU ARE ACCEPTING THIS AGREEMENT ON BEHALF OF A COMPANY, ORGANIZATION, EDUCATIONAL INSTITUTION, OR AGENCY, INSTRUMENTALITY OR DEPARTMENT OF A GOVERNMENT (AN “ENTITY”) AS ITS AUTHORIZED LEGAL REPRESENTATIVE, THEN YOU REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT YOU HAVE THE POWER AND AUTHORITY TO BIND SUCH ENTITY TO THESE TERMS, AND REFERENCES TO “YOU” HEREIN REFER TO BOTH YOU, THE INDIVIDUAL END USER, AND THE ENTITY ON WHOSE BEHALF YOU ARE ACCEPTING THIS AGREEMENT. IF AT ANY TIME YOU ARE NOT WILLING TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT, YOU SHOULD CLICK THE “I DO NOT ACCEPT” OR SIMILAR BUTTON, TERMINATE THE DOWNLOAD AND/OR INSTALLATION PROCESS, IMMEDIATELY CEASE AND REFRAIN FROM ACCESSING OR USING THE SOFTWARE AND DELETE ANY COPIES YOU MAY HAVE. THIS AGREEMENT, ALONG WITH ANY ADDITIONAL TERMS OR POLICIES INCORPORATED HEREIN BY REFERENCE, REPRESENTS THE ENTIRE AGREEMENT BETWEEN YOU AND VIRTUOZZO CONCERNING THE SOFTWARE, AND THIS AGREEMENT SUPERSEDES AND REPLACES ANY PRIOR PROPOSAL,REPRESENTATION, OR UNDERSTANDING YOU MAY HAVE HAD WITH VIRTUOZZO RELATING TO THE SOFTWARE, WHETHER ORALLY OR IN WRITING.1. License.1.1. Grant of License. Subject to your full and ongoing compliance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, including without limitation payment of all applicable license fees, the applicable Virtuozzo entity from which you obtained the Software hereby grants to you, and you accept, a personal, limited, nonexclusive, nontransferable (except as set forth in Section 1.5 below), non-assignable, revocable license to use the Software during the Term (as defined below) in machine-readable, object code form only, and the user manuals accompanying the Software (the “Documentation”), only as authorized in this Agreement. For purposes of this Agreement, the “Software” includes any updates, enhancements, modifications, revisions, or additions to the Software made by Virtuozzo and made available to end-users. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Virtuozzo shall be under no obligation to provide any updates, enhancements, modifications, revisions, or additions to the Software.1.2 Scope of Use. Your license to use the Software is conditioned on the following license restrictions, and any use of the Software in violation of any of these restrictions, or any of the other terms of this Agreement is a breach of this Agreement and is unlicensed. You may use one copy of the Software activated by a license key on a single device owned, leased, or otherwise controlled by you, at a single time (the “Authorized Device”). If you have multiple license keys for the Software, you may install and use as many copies of the Software as you have license keys, in each case, on an Authorized Device and only as authorized herein. For purposes of this Agreement, “use” of the software means loading the Software into the temporary or permanent memory of an Authorized Device. Installation of the Software on a network server solely for distribution to other computers is not “use” of the Software, and is permitted, provided that you have a valid license key for each Authorized Device on which the Software is installed. The Software may not be used on, distributed to, or installed on a greater number of computers than you have license keys. If you use or distribute the Software to multiple users, you must ensure that the number of Authorized Devices does not exceed the number of license keys you have obtained, or you will be in breach of this Agreement and such use and distribution is unlicensed.1.3. Evaluation Licenses. In the event you obtained a trial or evaluation version of the Software, it will come with a trial activation key that activates the Software for a limited time period (the "Trial Period"). You may use the Software during the Trial Period for internal noncommercial purposes, solely to evaluate the suitability of the Software for your needs. Upon the expiration of the Trial Period you must either purchase an activation key or destroy the Software, Documentation, all backup copies thereof, and all trial activation keys that you have obtained. If you do not purchase an activation key prior to the expiration of the Trial Period, this Agreement, and all your rights and licenses hereunder will terminate at the expiration of the Trial Period.1.4. Copies and Modifications. Except and solely to the extent that such a restriction is prohibited under applicable law, you may not reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, or otherwise translate the Software or any license keys you have obtained. You may not modify or adapt the Software or any license keys that you have obtained in any way. Any such copies of the Software, Documentation, or license keys shall include any copyright or other proprietary notices that were included on such materials when you first received them. Except as authorized in this Section, no copies of the Software, Documentation, or license keys, or any portions thereof, may be made by you or any person under your authority or control.1.5. Assignment of Rights. You will not sublicense, lease, rent, or lend your rights in the Software, Documentation, or license keys, as granted by this Agreement, without prior written consent of Virtuozzo, except that you may transfer this Agreement in full in connection with the sale of all or substantially all of the assets related to this Agreement, provided that the assignee assumes all of your obligations hereunder, and the licenses granted hereunder will only extend to use of the Software on the Authorized Device on which the Software was installed immediately prior to the assignment. Virtuozzo may assign this Agreement without limitation. Any assignment in violation of the foregoing shall be void and of no effect. Subject to the foregoing, this Agreement shall bind and inure to the benefit of the parties and their respective successors and permitted assigns.1.6 Support and Maintenance Services; Updates; Upgrades. Virtuozzo will not provide any support or maintenance services under this Agreement. You acknowledge that Virtuozzo has no express or implied obligation to announce or make available any updates, enhancements, modifications, revisions, or additions to the Software and that this Agreement does not give you any rights in or to any of the foregoing. Virtuozzo may offer support and/or maintenance services separately. If you have purchased Virtuozzo support and/or maintenance services with the Software, these services are provided to you under the terms and conditions accompanying the applicable service. Any supplemental software code or related materials that Virtuozzo provides to you as part of any support and/or maintenance services are considered part of the Software and are subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. If you purchase an upgrade (a new version of the Software) from a perpetual license to a newer version of the perpetual license, then your license keys to the prior perpetual license will continue to operate. However, if you purchase an upgrade from a perpetual license to a term-based license, then the license keys to the perpetual license will terminate upon activation of the term-based license.2. Intellectual Property and Confidentiality.2.1. Use Reporting, License Violations and Remedies. Virtuozzo reserves the right, and you authorize Virtuozzo, to gather data on key usage including license key numbers, Authorized Device IP addresses or other applicable device identifier (including MAC address or UDID), domain counts and other information deemed relevant, to ensure that our products are being used in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. Virtuozzo reserves the right to remedy violations of any of the terms of this Agreement immediately upon discovery, by charging the then current list price of unauthorized keys to the payment instrument used to make the original, authorized purchase, or by any other means necessary, including remotely disabling the Software. You agree not to block, electronically or otherwise, the transmission of data required for compliance with this Agreement. Any blocking of data required for compliance under this Agreement is considered to be violation of this Agreement and will result in immediate termination of this Agreement pursuant to Section 4.2.2. License Expiration. Your license may include an expiration date that can result in the termination of the license. If your license key is stolen, or if you suspect any improper or illegal usage of your license outside of your control you should promptly notify Virtuozzo of such occurrence. A replacement license will be issued to you and the suspect license will be allowed to expire. For lease licenses, your monthly payment for each month must be processed prior to the expiration date in order for the license updates to be performed. For your convenience Virtuozzo may, but has no obligation to, provide license expiration warnings in the product interface. It is your responsibility to contact Virtuozzo regarding any potential expiration that you deem inappropriate. Virtuozzo shall not be liable for any damages or costs incurred in connection with the expired licenses.2.3. Proprietary Rights to Software and Trademarks. You acknowledge that the Software and the Documentation are proprietary to Virtuozzo, and the Software and Documentation are protected under United States copyright and other intellectual property laws and international treaties. You further acknowledge and agree that, as between you and Virtuozzo, Virtuozzo and its third party licensors own and shall continue to own all right, title, and interest in and to the Software and Documentation, including associated intellectual property rights under copyright, trade secret, patent, or trademark laws. Except for the limited, revocable license expressly granted to you herein, this Agreement does not grant you any ownership or other right or interest in or to the Software or the Documentation or any other intellectual property rights of Virtuozzo, whether by implication, estoppel, or otherwise. Any and all trademarks or service marks that Virtuozzo uses in connection with the Software or with services rendered by Virtuozzo are marks owned by Virtuozzo. This Agreement does not grant you any right, license, or interest in such marks, and you shall not assert any right, license, or interest in such marks or any words or designs that are confusingly similar to such marks.2.4. Confidentiality. You shall permit only authorized users, who possess rightfully obtained license keys, to use the Software or to view the Documentation. Except as expressly authorized by this Agreement, you shall not make available the Software, Documentation, or any license key to any third party, or use the Software, Documentation, or any license key for any purpose other than exercising rights expressly granted to you hereunder. You agree to cooperate with and assist Virtuozzo in identifying and preventing any unauthorized use, copying, or disclosure of the Software, Documentation, or any portion thereof.2.5. Virtuozzo right to Use Data. Our use of personal data and our use of cookies are described in full in our Privacy Policy and Cookies Policy.You agree that Virtuozzo may collect and use technical data and related information—including but not limited to technical information about your device, system and application software, and peripherals—that is gathered periodically to facilitate the provision of software updates, product support, and other services to you (if any) related to the Software. Virtuozzo may use this information, to operate, provide, improve, and develop our products, services and technologies, to prevent or investigate fraudulent or inappropriate use of our products, services, and technologies, for research and development, and for the other purposes described in this Agreement (and the Privacy Policy and the Cookies Policy) or to you as part of our products and services. Virtuozzo’s websites and online services may use “cookies,” which enable you to personalize your experience on Virtuozzo’s sites and provide information to Virtuozzo such as which websites have been visited and which ads and web searches are effective. If you want to disable cookies, check your browser settings.2.6. Audit Rights. During the term of this Agreement and for two (2) years after termination or expiration of this Agreement, Virtuozzo may audit, upon written notice to you, your books, records, and computing devices to determine your compliance with this Agreement and your payment of the applicable license fees, if any, for the Software. In the event that any such audit reveals an underpayment by you of more than five percent (5%) of the license fees due to Virtuozzo in the period being audited, or that you have breached any term of this Agreement, then, in addition to any other rights and remedies Virtuozzo may have, you will promptly pay to Virtuozzo any underpayments plus the cost of the audit.3. License Fees. The Software will be available to you for use upon your receipt of one or more license keys. Upon acceptance of this Agreement, you may obtain one or more license keys by paying the requisite license fees, using the procedure set forth on Virtuozzo’s web site. License fees for term-based licenses are due prior to the commencement of the applicable term, and may be re-billed to the payment instrument you used for your initial purchase upon the commencement of any renewal term. Your license to the Software will terminate automatically without notice if you notify Virtuozzo in advance that you do not intend to renew a term-based license or if you fail to pay a renewal fee for a term-based license. The license fees paid by you are paid in consideration of the license granted under this Agreement. License sales are final and Virtuozzo does not refund license fees under any circumstances. By accepting this Agreement you fully understand that once license fee payment is made to Virtuozzo you will have no recourse for receiving a refund of any part of the fees.4. Term and Termination. This Agreement is effective upon your acceptance of the Agreement, or upon your downloading, installing, accessing, and using the Software, even if you have not expressly accepted this Agreement. This Agreement shall continue in effect until expiration or termination as provided herein (the “Term”). Term-based licenses terminate upon the expiration of the prepaid term, unless you have paid all applicable fees to extend the term. Without prejudice to any other rights, this Agreement will terminate automatically without notice to you if you breach or fail to comply with any of the limitations or other requirements described herein, including the payment of any applicable fees, and you agree that in any such case Virtuozzo may, in addition to any other remedies it may have at law or in equity, remotely disable the Software. You may terminate this License Agreement at any time by providing written notice of your decision to terminate the Agreement to Virtuozzo and ceasing use of the Software and Documentation. Upon any termination or expiration of the Agreement for any reason, you agree to uninstall the Software and either return to Virtuozzo the Software, Documentation, all copies thereof, and all license keys that you have obtained, or to destroy all such materials and provide written verification of such destruction to Virtuozzo.5. Indemnification. You will, at your own expense, indemnify and hold Virtuozzo, and all officers, directors, and employees thereof, harmless from and against any and all claims, actions, liabilities, losses, damages, judgments, grants, costs, and expenses, including reasonable attorneys’ fees (collectively, “Claims”), arising out of any use of the Package (as defined below) by you, any party related to you, or any party acting upon your authorization in a manner that is not expressly authorized by this Agreement.6. Third Party Software. The Software which is distributed to you may include various third party software components or software services ("Third Party Software" and together with the Software, the “Package”) which are provided under separate license terms (the "Third Party Terms"), as may be described in more detail in the “Notices.txt” file (if applicable) included in the Documentation. Information regarding Third Party Software included in the Package is also available on our website at www.virtuozzo.com. You are permitted to use the Third Party Software in conjunction with the Software, provided that such use is consistent with the terms of this Agreement. You may have broader rights to use the Third Party Software under the applicable Third Party Terms. Nothing in this Agreement is intended to impose further restrictions on your use of the Third Party Software in accordance with any Third Party Terms. The Software may also enable interoperation with certain other third party operating systems and applications. Virtuozzo does not provide you with any such third party licenses and it is solely your responsibility to obtain all necessary software licenses from respective vendors.7. Disclaimer; Limitation of Liability.7.1. WARRANTY DISCLAIMER. THE PACKAGE AND DOCUMENTATION ARE LICENSED “AS IS,” AND VIRTUOZZO DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, SATISFACTORY QUALITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, ACCURACY, TIMELINESS, TITLE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT AUTHORIZED BY LAW. WITHOUT LIMITING THE GENERALITY OF THE FOREGOING, VIRTUOZZO EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND FOR THE THIRD PARTY SOFTWARE, AND DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE PACKAGE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS OR THAT OPERATION OF THE PACKAGE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, OR ERROR FREE, THAT DEFECTS OR ERRORS IN THE PACKAGE WILL BE CORRECTED OR THAT THE PACKAGE WILL BE COMPATIBLE WITH FUTURE VIRTUOZZO PRODUCTS, OR THAT ANY INFORMATION OR DATA STORED OR TRANSMITTED THROUGH THE PACKAGE WILL NOT BE LOST, CORRUPTED OR DESTROYED. YOU ASSUME RESPONSIBILITY FOR SELECTING THE PACKAGE TO ACHIEVE YOUR INTENDED RESULTS, AND FOR THE RESULTS OBTAINED FROM YOUR USE OF THE PACKAGE. YOU SHALL BEAR THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND THE PERFORMANCE OF THE PACKAGE.7.2. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. IN NO EVENT SHALL VIRTUOZZO BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY PARTY RELATED TO YOU FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF BUSINESS PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF BUSINESS INFORMATION, LOSS OF DATA OR OTHER SUCH PECUNIARY LOSS), WHETHER UNDER A THEORY OF CONTRACT, WARRANTY, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), PRODUCTS LIABILITY, OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF VIRTUOZZO HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. IN NO EVENT WILL VIRTUOZZO’S TOTAL AGGREGATE AND CUMULATIVE LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ANY AND ALL CLAIMS OF ANY KIND ARISING HEREUNDER EXCEED THE AMOUNT OF LICENSE FEES ACTUALLY PAID BY YOU FOR THE SOFTWARE GIVING RISE TO THE CLAIM IN THE TWELVE MONTHS PRECEDING THE CLAIM. THE FOREGOING LIMITATIONS WILL APPLY EVEN IF THE ABOVE STATED REMEDY FAILS OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE.7.3. CERTAIN LIMITATIONS. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF OR LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN TYPES OF WARRANTIES, DAMAGES, OR LIABILITIES, SO THE ABOVE EXCLUSION AND LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU, BUT IN SUCH A CASE THE EXCLUSIONS AND LIMITATIONS SET FORTH IN THIS SECTION 7 SHALL BE APPLIED TO THE GREATEST EXTENT ENFORCEABLE UNDER APPLICABLE LAW.8. General Terms.8.1. Feedback. If you provide any ideas, feedback, suggestions, materials, information, opinions, or other input to Virtuozzo (“Feedback”), regardless of any accompanying communication, Virtuozzo has no obligation to review, consider, or implement your Feedback, all such submissions are made on a non-confidential basis, Virtuozzo and its successors and assigns have an unconditional and unlimited right to use, reproduce, modify, and disclose such Feedback without any compensation or attribution, and you waive and agree not to assert any so-called “moral rights” you may have in the Feedback.8.2. Governing Law and Choice of Forum. This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the state of Washington, without regard to the conflicts of law rules thereof. Any claim or dispute arising in connection with this Agreement shall be resolved in the federal or state courts situated within the Western District of Washington. To the maximum extent permitted by law, you hereby consent to the jurisdiction and venue of such courts and waive any objections to the jurisdiction or venue of such courts. This Agreement shall not be governed by the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods, the application of which is expressly excluded.8.3. Severability. If any term or provision of this Agreement is declared void or unenforceable in a particular situation, by any judicial or administrative authority, this declaration shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the remaining terms and provisions hereof or the validity or enforceability of the offending term or provision in any other situation. To the extent possible the provision will be interpreted and enforced to the greatest extent legally permissible in order to effectuate the original intent, and if no such interpretation or enforcement is legally permissible, shall be deemed severed from the Agreement.8.4. Survival. Articles 3, 6, 8, and 9 of this Agreement and all Sections thereof, shall survive the termination or expiration of this Agreement, regardless of the cause for termination or expiration, and shall remain valid and binding indefinitely.8.5. Headings. The Article and Section headings contained in this Agreement are included for reference purposes only and shall not affect the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.8.6. No Waiver. The failure of either party to enforce any rights granted hereunder or to take action against the other party in the event of any breach hereunder shall not be deemed a waiver by that party as to subsequent enforcement of rights or subsequent actions in the event of future breaches.8.7. Amendment. Virtuozzo reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to amend this Agreement from time to time by posting an updated version of the Agreement on www.virtuozzo.com, provided that disputes arising hereunder will be resolved in accordance with the terms of the Agreement in effect at the time the dispute arose. We encourage you to review the published Agreement from time to time to make yourself aware of changes. Material changes to these terms will be effective upon the earlier of (i) your first use of the Software with actual knowledge of such change, or (ii) 30 days from publishing the amended Agreement on www.virtuozzo.com. If there is a conflict between this Agreement and the most current version of this Agreement, posted at www.virtuozzo.com, the most current version will prevail. Your use of the Software after the amended Agreement becomes effective constitutes your acceptance of the amended Agreement. If you do not accept amendments made to this Agreement, then it is your responsibility to terminate this Agreement pursuant to Section 4.8.8. Taxes. You shall, in addition to the license fees required under this Agreement, pay all applicable sales, use, transfer, or other taxes and all duties, whether national, state, or local, however designated, that are levied or imposed by reason of the transaction contemplated under this Agreement, excluding income taxes on the net profits of Virtuozzo. You shall reimburse Virtuozzo for the amount of any such taxes or duties paid or incurred directly by Virtuozzo as a result of this transaction, and you agree that Virtuozzo may charge any such reimbursable taxes to the payment instrument you used for your initial payment.8.9. Export Controls. You may not use, export, re-export, import, sell or transfer the Software except as authorized by United States (U.S.) law, the laws of the jurisdiction in which you obtained the Software, and any other applicable laws and regulations. You represent and warrant that (i) you are not located in a country that is subject to a U.S. Government embargo, or that has been designated by the U.S. Government as a “terrorist supporting” country; and (ii) you are not listed on any U.S. Government list of prohibited or restricted parties. You also acknowledge that the Software may be subject to other U.S. and foreign laws and regulations governing the export of software by physical and electronic means. You agree to comply with all applicable U.S. and foreign laws that apply to Virtuozzo as well as end-user, end-use, and destination restrictions imposed by U.S. and/or foreign governments. You also agree that you will not use the Software for any purposes prohibited by U.S. law, including, without limitation, the development, design, manufacture or production of nuclear missiles, or chemical or biological weapons.8.10. United States Government Use Rights. The Software as defined herein and any related technical data, including manuals and Documentation, are commercial as defined in the Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) at 2.101. If the Software is acquired by or on behalf of an agency, department, or other entity of the U.S. Government (“Government”), the use, duplication, reproduction, release, modification, disclosure, or transfer (“use”) of the Software, and any related technical data of any kind, including manuals and Documentation, no matter how received by the Government, is restricted by the terms and conditions of this Agreement in accordance with FAR 12.212 for civilian agencies, and Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement 227.7202 for military agencies. All other use is prohibited.8.11. Governing Language. Any translation of this Agreement is done for local requirements and in the event of a dispute between the English and any non-English versions, the English version of this Agreement shall govern.8.12. Trademark Notice. The Virtuozzo logo, Virtuozzo, OpenVZ and CRIU are registered trademarks or trademarks of Virtuozzo International GmbH, in the United States and/or other countries. All other trademarks referenced in the Software or Documentation are the property of their respective owners.8.13 Contact Information. You may contact Virtuozzo for more information about the Software, other Virtuozzo products and services at Virtuozzo International GmbH, Vordergasse 59, Schaffhausen, Switzerland, or by visiting our website: http://www.virtuozzo.com.
VIRTUOZZO EXTENDED SUPPORT SERVICES TERMS AND CONDITIONS1. APPLICABILITY OF THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONSExcept as expressly set out below or as otherwise mutually agreed to by the parties in writing, these Virtuozzo Extended Support Service Terms and Conditions For Customers together with the terms and conditions in the applicable End User License Agreement (collectively, the "ELS Terms and Conditions") set out the terms and conditions pursuant to which Virtuozzo will provide extended support services to Customers ("Customer", "You" or "Your") based upon such Extended Support Service Programme which Customer has purchased from Virtuozzo. By submitting a purchase order for the Extended Support Services Programme to Virtuozzo, Customer agrees to be bound by these ELS Terms and Conditions. Unless otherwise agreed in writing by Virtuozzo, no other terms and conditions endorsed upon, delivered with or contained in a Customer’s purchase order, or in any other similar document, will amend, or vary the provisions of these ELS Terms and Conditions.EXTENDED SUPPORT SERVICE PROGRAMME2. ORDERSPursuant to your purchase order, placed with Virtuozzo, you have ordered the Extended Support Programme related to certain Virtuozzo Products. In order to receive Services under the Extended Support Programme pursuant to the ELS Terms and Conditions, you must submit a purchase order to Virtuozzo for a validly quoted Extended Support Programme. Virtuozzo will determine the pricing and payment terms associated with any Extended Service Programme which you purchase. All orders are subject to acceptance by Virtuozzo, and no obligation, including a purchase order, shall be binding on Virtuozzo unless and until such order is accepted by Virtuozzo, or, if earlier, Services are provided to Customer. Please note that only those Virtuozzo Products listed on a valid quotation applicable to your purchase order will be covered by the Extended Support Service Programme under these ELS Terms and Conditions.3. AVAILABILITYExtended Support may be available for the following two Virtuozzo Products:Virtuozzo Containers for Linux 4.7;Virtuozzo 6;Parallels* Server Bare Metal 5.0 (“Virtuozzo Products”)(hereinafter - "Virtuozzo Product(s)").4. SERVICE PERIODThe Extended Support Service Programme is available for Virtuozzo Container for Linux 4.7 and Parallels* Server Bare Metal 5.0 for the period beginning on 1 October 2018 and ending on 30 November 2020. The Extended Support Service Programme for Virtuozzo Products listed in this paragraph must be purchased by You for a period of 12-months beginning on the date Virtuozzo accepts your purchase order. Should you purchase the Extended Support Service Programme for Virtuozzo Products listed in this paragraph after 1 December 2019 the Extended Support Programme will only be available up to and including 30 November 2020.The Extended Support Service Programme is available for Virtuozzo 6 for the period beginning on 1 July 2019 and ending on 30 November 2021. The Extended Support Service Programme for Virtuozzo Product listed in this paragraph must be purchased by You for a period of 12-months beginning on the date Virtuozzo accepts your purchase order. Should you purchase the Extended Support Service Programme for Virtuozzo Product listed in this paragraph after 1 December 2020 the Extended Support Programme will only be available up to and including 30 November 2021.5. SUPPORT SERVICESUnless otherwise stated in this section Virtuozzo will provide Support Services to You, limited to the following:Priority response in support queue. When submitting a ticket, choose the "Support Code" radio button and enter your Support Code in the text field provided.Web access to Virtuozzo CustomerNet.24 hours a day, 7 days a week, 365 days a year email support with total coverage for all Virtuozzo Products.Virtuozzo Phone Support Services (call +1 425-689-7142 (US), +44 20 3389 8331 (UK), +49 89 143794365 (DE), +7 499 609-27-54 (RU). Phone Support is intended to cover situations where changes on Customer’s servers are not required, such as general questions regarding Virtuozzo Products and functionalities. Phone support is used as a means to create, update, or receive status or close tickets. Once the problem is communicated by Customer, Virtuozzo will use best efforts to resolve the issue as soon as reasonably possible.Email support. Submit tickets to Virtuozzo support via the Support Section on www.Virtuozzo.com. You will be able to check the status of your ticket and communicate with Virtuozzo support through the email notifications received from Virtuozzo’s support team.Set severity for your tickets. Severity level is a measure of the relative impact an issue has on the use of the Virtuozzo Products. Virtuozzo support uses severity level definitions to classify all support requests. Severity level definitions are given at: https://www.virtuozzo.com/support/all-products/severity-level-definitions.htmlEscalation paths. If there are problems or delays in the response or resolution of your ticket, call +1 855-466-6670. Shift Manager on duty will review the status of your ticket and adjust priority if needed.Extended support includes security updates and business critical hot fixes that Virtuozzo is going to make available for subscribed customers.Extended Support does not include Individual services like custom implementation, customization, migration or deployment which are considered to be Professional Services.6. CONFIDENTIALITY6.1 Ownership of Confidential InformationVirtuozzo and Customer acknowledge that during the performance of this Agreement, each Party may have access to Confidential Information. Virtuozzo and Customer agree that, as between the Parties, Confidential Information is owned by the disclosing Party.6.2 Mutual Confidentiality ObligationsEach Party agrees: (i)to use the Confidential Information only for the purposes described in this Agreement; (ii)that such Party shall not reproduce the Confidential Information except as necessary to comply with this Agreement and shall hold in confidence and protect the Confidential Information from dissemination to, and use by, any third party; (iii)that neither Party shall create any derivative work from the other Party’s Confidential Information; (iv)to restrict access to the Confidential Information to such of its personnel, agents, and/or consultants, if any, who have a need to know and who have been advised of and have agreed in writing to treat such information in accordance with the terms of this Agreement; and (v)to return or destroy all Confidential Information of the other Party in its possession upon termination or expiration of this Agreement and certify compliance with this obligation to return or destroy upon first request of the other Party.7. OWNERSHIPYou acknowledge that Virtuozzo owns all right, title, and interest, including all Intellectual Property in and to the Virtuozzo Products and all work products, derivative works, developments, inventions, technology or materials provided under or otherwise in connection with the support services, (including all related components) and You hereby assign all such rights, if any, to Virtuozzo. Virtuozzo expressly reserves all rights not expressly granted to You.8. INDEMNIFICATIONYou will, at your own expense, indemnify and hold Virtuozzo, and all officers, directors, and employees thereof, harmless from and against any and all claims, actions, liabilities, losses, damages, judgments, grants, costs, and expenses, including reasonable attorneys’ fees (collectively, “Claims”), arising out of any use of the Support Services by you, any party related to you, or any party acting upon your authorization in a manner that is not expressly authorized by this Agreement.9. WARRANTIES9.1 Representations and WarrantiesEach Party represents and warrants to the other that the execution and performance of this Agreement does not and shall not violate any other contract, obligation, or instrument and that it has the legal power and authority to agree to these ELS Terms and Conditions.9.2 No Other WarrantiesExcept as otherwise expressly warranted in these ELS Terms and Conditions, the Virtuozzo Products and any other materials, software, data and/or support services provided by Virtuozzo in accordance with these ELS Terms and Conditions are provided “as is” and Virtuozzo expressly disclaims all other warranties of any kind or nature, whether express, implied or statutory, including, but not limited to, any warranties of operability, condition, title, non-infringement, accuracy of data or quality, as well as any warranties of merchantability, system integration, workmanship, suitability, fitness for a particular purpose, or the absence of any defects therein. No warranty is made by Virtuozzo on the basis of trade usage, course of dealing or course of trade. Virtuozzo does not warrant that the Virtuozzo Products or any other materials, Software, data and/or services provided under these ELS Terms and Conditions shall meet Your requirements or the requirements of Authorised Users or that the operation thereof shall be uninterrupted or error-free, or that errors shall be corrected.10. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY10.1 LimitationsIn no event shall Virtuozzo or its licensors or suppliers be liable to You for any incidental, indirect, special, consequential or punitive damages, regardless of the nature of the claim, including, without limitation, lost profits, costs of delay, any failure of delivery, business interruption, costs of lost or damaged data or documentation or liabilities to third parties arising from any source, even if Virtuozzo has been advised of the possibility of such damages. In no event will Virtuozzo’s total aggregate and cumulative liability to you for any and all claims of any kind arising hereunder exceed the amount of fees actually paid by you for the Extended Support Services Programme giving rise to the claim in the twelve months preceding the claim. The foregoing limitations will apply even if the above stated remedy fails of its essential purpose.11. GENERAL TERMS11.1 Except as otherwise set forth in these ELS Terms and Conditions, Virtuozzo may modify and/or amend these ELS Terms and Conditions and any or all documents incorporated by reference including EULA from time to time and will notify You accordingly on at least ten (10) calendar days’ written notice. Any such amendment or modification will become effective immediately from when it is uploaded to https://www.virtuozzo.com/legal.html and Your continued use of the Extended Support Services Programme shall constitute acceptance of such amendment and/or modification.
VIRTUOZZO INTERNATIONAL GMBH ("VIRTUOZZO" OR "LICENSOR") IS WILLING TO LICENSE YOU, AS A LEGAL ENTITY ("RESELLER" OR "YOU"), UPON YOUR PURCHASE OF A LICENSE FROM DISTRIBUTOR, AS DEFINED BELOW, THE RIGHT TO EITHER INTERNALLY USE OR RESELL VIRTUOZZO PRODUCST (AS DEFINED BELOW). THESE RESELLER TERMS AND CONDITIONS GOVERN THE USE OF VIRTUOZZO PRODUCTS. NOTE THAT DISTRIBUTOR FROM WHICH YOU PURCHASE VIRTUOZZO PRODUCTS HAS NO RIGHT TO ALTER, AMEND, NEGOTIATE OR VARY THE THESE TERMS.BY CLICKING "I ACCEPT" OR OTHERWISE USING THE KA OR DOWNLOADING, INSTALLING, AND/OR USING THE VIRTUOZZO PRODUCTS YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ AND ACCEPTED ALL OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS ("TERMS") SET FORTH HEREIN AND THAT THIS ACTION ESTABLISHES A LEGAL, ENFORCEABLE, AND BINDING AGREEMENT BETWEEN YOU AND VIRTUOZZO. IF YOU DO NOT ACCEPT ALL OF THE TERMS SET FORTH HEREIN, YOU SHALL HAVE NO RIGHT TO USE VIRTUOZZO PRODUCTS, MUST IMMEDIATELY CEASE USING VIRTUOZZO PRODUCTS, AND MUST DELETE OR REMOVE ALL ASSOCIATED SOFTWARE AND ASSOCIATED FILES. THESE TERMS APPLY TO ANY UPDATES OR SERVICES FOR VIRTUOZZO PRODUCTS PROVIDED TO YOU BY VIRTUOZZO, UNLESS OTHER TERMS SPECIFICALLY COVER THOSE ITEMS.1. DEFINITIONS1.1. "Distributor" means a distributor appointed by Vitruozzo who purchases Products for distribution among Resellers according to the agreement concluded with Virtuozzo.1.2. "Reseller" means a reseller appointed by Distributor who purchases Products for resale to End Users directly.1.3. "End User" / "Customer" means an ultimate end user of a Product who (i) is a customer of Distributor or a customer of a Reseller, (ii) is neither Distributor nor Reseller itself, and (iii) has no authorized access to the KA System.1.4. "End-User License Agreement" means a standard end-user license agreement specified by Virtuozzo that is to be accepted by End-Users as a condition to installing or using Software. First use of the Software by the End User shall mean its consent with these rules and terms. The effective version of the End-User License Agreement with End Users can be found at and may be amended, supplemented or modified by Virtuozzo from time to time, which will be notified to all parties concerned by the means of publishing of the new version at the mentioned above web site.1.5. "KA System" or "KA" means Virtuozzo Key Administrator System, which allows Distributor and, if an access is provided to Reseller – Reseller, to generate License Keys according to the terms and conditions of these Terms.1.6. "License Key" means confidential information representing a unique sequence of symbols and providing Reseller and the End User with an opportunity to activate and use the Software.1.7. "Electronic Software Download" means the method by which Virtuozzo may deliver the Software electronically.1.8. "Product(s)" means the Software and Certificates for technical support. Products will not include OEM versions, beta versions or any other customized or individual software solution. Virtuozzo may from time to time, amend, add, supplement, change or discontinue any Software, support services included in the Products by giving notice to Resellers through Virtuozzo web-site www.virtuozzo.com of such action. All Upgrades and Updates will automatically become Products unless Virtuozzo provides written notice otherwise prior to the launch of the Upgrade or Update. Any withdrawal of a Product will not be deemed a material change in the total scope of the Products.1.9. "Software" means licensed software, in object code form only, and accompanying documentation, made commercially available by Virtuozzo to its customers, including any Updates and Upgrades.1.10. "Certificate for technical support" shall mean a document confirming the right of the End User for a technical support service under the terms specified in such Certificate and at Virtuozzo’s website: https://www.virtuozzo.com/support/all-products/scope-of-support.html as may be amended, supplemented or modified by Virtuozzo from time to time, which will be notified to all parties concerned by the means of publishing of the new version at the mentioned above web site.1.11. "Territory" means territory of license for Products, which shall be provided to Reseller through the Distributor and as defined by Virtuozzo in the agreement with Distributor.1.12. "Update(s)" means improved versions of Software, or portions thereof, which incorporate corrections or minor enhancements for which Virtuozzo does not normally charge a fee. Virtuozzo designation of a particular release as an Update will be dispositive.1.13. "Upgrade(s)" means commercial releases of Software which enhance and/or improve the functionality of Software and for which Virtuozzo normally charges a fee. An Upgrade does not include a future software program that is not a direct successor to Software. Virtuozzo designation of a particular release as an Upgrade will be dispositive.1.14. "Virtuozzo Marketing Materials" means the marketing information and other advertising materials that Virtuozzo may make available to Distributor and through Distributor to Reseller from time to time during the term of this Agreement.1.15. "Virtuozzo Marks" means Product names, trademarks, trade names, service marks, service names and logos that Virtuozzo may adopt from time to time.2. SCOPE OF LICENSE GRANT2.1. License Grant and Flow Down of Obligations. Reseller acknowledges that as a condition to using Virtuozzo Products and KA System, Reseller will be required to agree to be bound by and comply with certain written terms as required by Virtuozzo and Distributor. End Users of Virtuozzo Products will be required to agree to an End User License Agreement as a condition to their use of Virtuozzo Products. In any case Reseller’s rights in relation to Virtuozzo Products are non-exclusive rights to market and resell Products only to End Users within the Territory. Reseller is not authorised to resell Products to subresellers unless explicitly approved by Virtuozzo.2.2. Product Integrity. Reseller will deliver Products without modification and with all documentation, disclaimers, proprietary rights and other notices, marks, serial numbers, and license agreements unopened and intact unless otherwise requested by Virtuozzo in writing. Reseller will immediately inform Virtuozzo in writing about any applicable laws and regulations and any possible changes in the laws and regulations in the Territory regarding any requirements concerning design, Product description, directions for use and warnings applicable to Products. Upon request, Reseller will make available to End Users the applicable End User License Agreement and other Virtuozzo Product or service use terms and conditions. Reseller will not (i) make promises, representations, warranties or guarantees concerning Products that are inconsistent with Virtuozzo’s then-current specifications, (ii) commit or bind Virtuozzo to any agreement or undertaking, and (iii) pursue, waive or compromise any of Virtuozzo’s rights relating to Resellers, End Users or other parties.2.3. Reseller’s Service. Reseller will operate at its own expense and risk under Reseller’s own name as a Reseller of the Virtuozzo Products. Reseller will not act or communicate in any manner, which may imply that it has the right to represent or act on behalf of Virtuozzo. Reseller will have the technical capability to suspend service and/or restrict Products access to any of its End Users. Reseller’s use of this capability is entirely at Reseller’s own risk and Virtuozzo will not be liable in any way for any claims arising from such suspension and/or KA System access restriction.2.4. License Compliance. Reseller will comply with End-User License Agreements with respect to Products supplied by Distributor to Reseller for use by Reseller. Reseller will not reproduce, lend, rent or otherwise transfer those Products except as expressly permitted in the applicable End-User License Agreement. Reseller may not circumvent any Product locking or other copy protection system in any manner or instruct or assist any third party to do so. 2.5. General Compliance. Reseller will conduct its business through a corporation or other form of business organization recognized by the laws of the Territory, and obtain and maintain at its own expense all permissions, consents, and licenses necessary to enable Reseller to resell and support Products in accordance with this Agreement. Reseller will comply with all laws and regulations applicable to the marketing, license and support of Products, and will conduct its business in a manner that does not negatively affect the reputation, goodwill or prospects of Virtuozzo or its Products. 2.6. Restrictions. Reseller will not (and will not permit others to): (i) promote, advertise, market, solicit orders for Products, open branches or maintain reselling depots for supply or support of Products outside of the Territory, (ii) export the Product from the Territory, or (iii) sell any Product to any entities or persons on any restricted lists or those entities or persons prohibited by applicable law, international embargo or similar prohibition. Reseller will not market, resell, sublicense, transfer, sell, or make available to third parties any Products (including without limitation Software and Certificates for technical Support) other than as expressly permitted under these Terms. Reseller will not induce or contribute to any tort or breach of contract by any End User with respect to Virtuozzo, including breach of an End-User License Agreement. Reseller will not (and will not permit others to): (a) incorporate any Product or any portion thereof into any other work; (b) modify or create derivative works of any Product in any manner; (c) decompile, disassemble, reverse engineer or otherwise reduce to human perceivable form any portion of any Product; (d) use any Product to develop competitive offerings; (e) engage in any act to disrupt the security, integrity, or operation of any Product, including without limitation through the use of viruses, worms, Trojan horses, or any other malicious code, scripts, or programs; (f) engage in any act or incorporate any code into any Product that would subject the Product in whole or in part to any term of any "open-source" or other license that requires as a condition of use, modification or reselling of software subject to it that such software, or other software combined and/or resold with such software, be: (i) disclosed or resold in source code form; (ii) licensed for the purpose of making derivative works; or (iii) redistributable at no charge, or (g) remove, delete, modify, or obscure any copyright or proprietary rights notice on the Products, or present the Products in a manner that suggests that a party other than Virtuozzo is the originator of the Products. Before Reseller exercises any of the foregoing actions that Reseller believes it is legally entitled to undertake notwithstanding the prohibitions of this Section 2.6, based on mandatory law, Reseller will: (i) provide Virtuozzo with thirty (30) calendar days’ prior written notice or, if applicable law or the relevant court order does not allow for thirty (30) calendar days’ notice, the maximum amount of notice allowable, and (ii) provide all reasonably requested information to allow Virtuozzo to assess Reseller’s claim and, at Virtuozzo’s sole discretion, to provide alternatives that reduce any adverse impact on Virtuozzo’s intellectual property or other rights.2.7. Maintenance of Upgrades. Reseller must make every reasonable effort to update its End Users to the most up-to-date version of a Software within six (6) months of its release in accordance with License and Support package of each End User. Virtuozzo will only support Software installations that are no older than one (1) prior major released versions.2.8. End-User License Agreements. Reseller will notify End Users prior to taking any order that Products are subject to an End-User License Agreement, and that Software included in any Product is licensed not sold. Reseller will make copies of applicable End-User License Agreements freely available to prospective End Users upon request. Reseller will not make any statements in its marketing and sales communications to prospective or actual End Users that are inconsistent with or derogates from the provisions of any applicable End-User License Agreement.2.9. KA System Account. Virtuozzo reserves the right to grant or deny access to KA System to Reseller through Distributor. In case access is granted, the following Procedure shall take place: 2.9.1. Virtuozzo will open an account for Distributor in Virtuozzo’s KA System. The KA account will allow Distributor to generate License Keys inside its individual account in Virtuozzo’s licensing system and provide such License Keys to Reseller directly or to request Virtuozzo to open a direct account to Reseller. In case when the direct access is granted to Reseller, Reseller shall order License Keys solely by using Virtuozzo’s KA System to generate, manage, update and terminate License Keys on demand;2.9.2. Reseller agrees that KA System access is a privilege of partnership and will use KA System in good faith.2.9.3. Reseller understands that KA System access may be suspended and/or revoked by Virtuozzo at any time in Virtuozzo’s sole and exclusive discretion in the event Virtuozzo is of the opinion that Reseller is not using KA System in a proper or responsible manner, or abuses the KA System for the purposes to receive more License Keys without respective payment.2.9.4. Reseller is financially responsible for all keys created in its KA System account. Reseller especially acknowledges and agrees that Reseller is exclusively responsible for the termination of unused License Keys in its KA System account. In no event will Virtuozzo be responsible for maintenance or termination of License Keys in Reseller’s KA System account. Any activated License Key in Reseller’s account will be billed towards Distributor and by Distributor to Reseller in the following monthly invoice. Activated License Keys are defined as any License Key that was activated and is not marked for termination within 15 minutes after activation. Reseller can access its’ KA System account at any time to terminate License Keys. Some License Keys carry a minimum subscription period and will be billed for the entire subscription period even if marked as terminated. In the event, Virtuozzo denies Reseller’s access to KA System for any reason, License Keys termination requests can be sent to Virtuozzo via email (billing-ops@virtuozzo.com).2.9.5. If Reseller’s KA System account information is or may be compromised, Reseller commits to notify Virtuozzo in writing within one business day from becoming aware of such fact to change its password accordingly. In all other cases Reseller cannot refer to such circumstances as the ground to dispute number of the active License Keys.2.9.6. If Reseller is more than thirty (30) calendar days past due on any outstanding invoices, Distributor may inform Virtuozzo, and Virtuozzo will be authorized to suspend or deny Reseller’s access to KA System and cancel all existing License Keys and licenses of this Reseller.3. MARKETING AND BRANDING3.1. Branding. During the term of this Agreement Reseller may use the Virtuozzo trademarks, solely within the Territory in association with the marketing of the Products during the term of license granted through Distributor as set forth herein above, all in unmodified form as and when provided by Virtuozzo, in strict accordance with Virtuozzo’s trademark usage guidelines which might be published on Virtuozzo website www.virtuozzo.com and solely for marketing and promotional activities hereunder. Reseller will not have or obtain any right or interest in and to Virtuozzo’s trademarks, which will remain the sole and exclusive property of Virtuozzo, its affiliates or their licensors. Reseller will not take any action that would in any way infringe or interfere with Virtuozzo’s rights in Virtuozzo trademarks. Reseller will not at any time adopt or register any name, internet domain, designation or mark that is confusingly or deceptively similar to any Virtuozzo trademark. Reseller may not register any domain name for use on the World Wide Web that incorporates any Virtuozzo trademark without Virtuozzo’s prior written permission. Reseller will without charge assign to Virtuozzo, or cause the applicable third-party registrant to assign to Virtuozzo, any domain name registered by or for Reseller that incorporate an Virtuozzo trademark. Reseller agrees not to contest Virtuozzo’s rights to or ownership of the Virtuozzo trademarks anywhere in the world. Virtuozzo reserves the right to revoke Reseller’s right to use the Virtuozzo trademarks at any time in Virtuozzo’s sole discretion.3.2. Ownership of trademarks. Virtuozzo reserves the right in its trademarks in all countries, including but not limited to the Territory. Rights also include trademarks incorporated into domain names acquired by the Reseller, which shall be assigned to Virtuozzo upon the termination of these Terms upon request.3.3. Press Releases. All press releases, advertisements or publications involving, including and/or referencing Virtuozzo Products or Virtuozzo must be approved by Virtuozzo prior to release, publication or distribution.4. SOFTWARE DELIVERY, REPORTING & PAYMENTS4.1. Orders and Delivery. All orders will be processed and delivered through Distributor that grants to Reseller KA System access or from which Reseller purchases Products. For avoidance of doubt, Virtuozzo will not be a party to these transactions. Such selling entity will deliver to Reseller an account activation link for the KA System.4.2. Taxes. Virtuozzo’s prices do not include any national, state or local sales, use, value added or other taxes, customs duties, or similar tariffs and fees which Virtuozzo may be required to pay or collect upon the sale or delivery of Products or upon collection of the sales price. Should any tax or levy be made, Reseller agrees to pay such tax or levy and indemnify Virtuozzo for any claim for such tax or levy demanded including penalties and interest. For any sales tax for which Reseller has an exemption, Reseller agrees to provide Virtuozzo with appropriate resale or tax exemption certificate numbers and other documentation satisfactory to the applicable taxing authorities to substantiate any claim of exemption from any such taxes or fees. If Reseller is required to withhold taxes from the amounts payable hereunder, Reseller will request documentation from Virtuozzo that may reduce or eliminate such withholding and, to the extent withholding is required, will provide Virtuozzo with official tax receipts issued by the local tax authority as proof that such taxes have been paid. To the extent that Reseller complies with the foregoing requirements, Reseller will pay the invoiced amount, net of such legally required withholding taxes.4.3. Reporting. Reseller must ensure that it provides an access to Virtuozzo Billing Servers located here: https://report.virtuozzo.com, 443 port should be used and should be open for connection. Metrics and usage reports will be automatically sent by Virtuozzo Software to Virtuozzo on a daily basis provided all requirements stated in this Section 4 are met. If Virtuozzo does not receive usage report from specific license(s) licensed to Reseller by Distributor for three (3) days, Virtuozzo reserves the right to evaluate usage data for those specific license(s) for the period of missed report or data loss based on average usage during the previous 30 (thirty) days.5. SUSPENSION5.1. Right to Suspend. Virtuozzo shall be entitled to suspend Virtuozzo Products and/or KA System access, in whole or in part, immediately after notifying Distributor in writing via email in addition to the reasons described herein above in the Section 2.9 for the following reasons:i. in order to comply with any contractual, statutory, and/or regulatory obligation, a request or order from law enforcement, or a competent judicial, governmental, supervisory or regulatory body;ii. if Virtuozzo has reasonable grounds to suspect that Reseller or Distributor have acted or will act fraudulently, unlawfully, in a criminal way or in a way which could prejudice Virtuozzo, other Distributors, Resellers and/or any End User;iii. in case of violation by Reseller of any contractual, legal, regulatory, statutory or administrative obligation;iv. in case of force majeure, as defined in Section 13.5 hereafter;v. at any time in Virtuozzo’s sole discretion, if Distributor has not paid any due invoice or amounts;vi. if Virtuozzo is informed by Distributor or Reseller that KA System access credentials have been compromised;vii. at Distributor’s request for specific End-Users, to the extent that it is technically possible;viii. if Virtuozzo establishes or has a reasonable belief that (a) Reseller or Distributor impairs or endangers the operational availability of Virtuozzo’s API, the infrastructure or the Virtuozzo services; (b) such action is necessary to prevent or protect against fraud, tricks, tampering, schemes, false or invalid numbers, false credit devices, electronic devices, or any other fraudulent means or devices; or (c) such action is necessary to protect Virtuozzo, Virtuozzo’s affiliates and their respective officers, directors, shareholders, employees and agents, and/or others against actual or potential adverse financial effects;ix. if Distributor fails or refuses to provide information, or provides false information, regarding the Distributor’s creditworthiness, its past or current use of Virtuozzo Products, or characteristics pertaining to its use or planned use of Products; orx. where necessary for Virtuozzo API’s, the Virtuozzo infrastructure's or the Virtuozzo services maintenance. If such maintenance is reasonably foreseeable, Distributor will be informed in advance by email or by any means Virtuozzo will deem appropriate.5.2. Notice. Virtuozzo is not responsible for informing anyone registered through KA System and any other relevant party of the suspension and shall not bear the liability of any default or delay in providing such information.5.3. Suspension Length. Virtuozzo shall use all reasonable efforts to limit the suspension period in cases where Reseller and/or Distributor are not responsible for said suspension.5.4. Consequences of Suspension. In case of suspension for any of the causes mentioned in this Section, Virtuozzo shall not be held liable for any loss or damage arising from or related to said suspension.6. CONFIDENTIALITY6.1. Customer Data. Virtuozzo hereby acknowledges that it acquires no ownership right, title or interest to any and all Reseller data subject to VIRTUOZZO’s normal access and security procedures and privacy policy, found at https://www.virtuozzo.com/legal.html, Reseller hereby grants Virtuozzo a non-exclusive, transferable license to use the Reseller data as necessary to provide Reseller with Virtuozzo Products and KA System access. Any employee or subcontractor that accesses the Reseller’s data pursuant to this Section 5.1 shall be bound by a confidentiality agreement. Without Reseller’s consent (which it may withhold in its sole discretion), Reseller data may not be: (a) used by Virtuozzo other than as permitted under the foregoing license; or (b) analyzed, individualized, sold, assigned, or leased by Virtuozzo. Virtuozzo will have the right to monitor and analyze Reseller’s use of VIRTUOZZO Products and KA System and to use the results of such monitoring to improve Virtuozzo Products and KA System during and after the term of these Terms. Reseller represents and warrants that: (i) it has obtained, and will obtain, all consents and approvals necessary to provide the Reseller data to Virtuozzo, and for Virtuozzo to use such Reseller data, in accordance with these Terms; and (ii) it has all rights necessary to grant the license in these Terms. RESELLER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT VIRTUOZZO MAY USE SERVERS OR OTHER EQUIPMENT TO PROVIDE VIRTUOZZO PRODUCTS AND KA TO RESELLER LOCATED IN THE UNITED STATES OR IN OTHER COUNTRIES WHERE LAW ENFORCEMENTS, COURTS OR OTHER FEDERAL AGENCIES MAY COMPEL VIRTUOZZO TO PROVIDE ACCESS TO THE RESELLER DATA IN CONNECTION WITH THEIR INVESTIGATIONS AND AS A RESULT, VIRTUOZZO WILL COMPLY WITH ANY SUBOPOENA, WARRANT OR REGULATION THAT REQUIRES THE DISCLOSURE OR PROVIDING ACCESS TO THE RESELLER’S DATA TO SUCH AUTHORITIES AND AGENCIES.6.2. Virtuozzo Products and KA Confidentiality. Virtuozzo Products and KA contain trade secrets of Virtuozzo O and are proprietary to Virtuozzo. Reseller shall maintain Virtuozzo Products and KA in confidence and prevent disclosure of Virtuozzo Product and KA System using at least the same degree of care it uses for its own most critical proprietary information, but in no event less than a reasonable degree of care. Reseller shall not disclose or provide access to Virtuozzo Products and KA or any part thereof to anyone for any purpose, other than to employees or other parties authorized under these Terms for the purpose of exercising the rights expressly granted under these Terms.7. PROPRIETARY RIGHTS7.1. VIRTUOZZO’s Ownership. All rights (including patents, copyrights, trademarks and all other intellectual property rights through the world) relating to Products, Virtuozzo marketing materials, Virtuozzo trademarks and any other materials or translations thereof provided by Virtuozzo to Distributor and Reseller during the term of these Terms, and any modifications or improvements to and derivative works based on any of the foregoing, however made, are owned by and remain the valuable exclusive property of Virtuozzo, its affiliates or their licensors. To the extent there is any legal basis under which Reseller or its successors may assert a right, title or interest in any such modifications, improvements or derivative works, Reseller agrees to assign, and hereby does assign, all rights, title and interest in same to Virtuozzo.7.2. Virtuozzo Products are licensed and not sold under these Terms, notwithstanding any references herein to "sale" or "sold." Virtuozzo Products are and will remain the sole and exclusive property of Virtuozzo and its suppliers, if any, whether Virtuozzo Product is separate or combined with any other products. Virtuozzo’s rights under this subsection will include, but are not be limited to: (i) all copies of Virtuozzo Products, in whole or in part; (ii) all intellectual property rights in Virtuozzo Products; and (iii) all modifications to, and derivative works based upon, Virtuozzo Products. Reseller will not delete or in any manner alter the intellectual property rights notices of Virtuozzo and its suppliers, if any, appearing on Virtuozzo Products as delivered to Reseller. As a condition of the license rights granted to Reseller in these Terms, Reseller will reproduce and display such notices on each copy of any Virtuozzo Products.7.3. Reseller’s Duties. Reseller will use its reasonable efforts to protect Virtuozzo’s intellectual property rights and will report promptly to Virtuozzo any infringement of such rights of which Reseller is presently aware or becomes aware.7.4. Third Party Infringement. Virtuozzo reserves the sole and exclusive right at its discretion to assert claims against third parties for infringement or misappropriation of its intellectual property rights in Virtuozzo Products.8. WARRANTY8.1. Power and Authority. Each party represents and warrants that it has sufficient right and authority to grant to the other party all licenses and rights granted under these Terms.8.2. Disclaimer of Other Warranties. Except for the warranty provided in this Section, Virtuozzo Products, their accompanying documentation and all other materials provided to Reseller by Virtuozzo are provided "AS-IS". To the maximum extent allowed by applicable law, the warranties in this Section is the sole and exclusive warranty of any kind, express or implied, that is made by Virtuozzo in connection with Virtuozzo Products provided under these Terms, and Virtuozzo SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ALL STATUTORY OR OTHER WARRANTIES, INCLUDING -- BUT NOT LIMITED TO -- IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT, TITLE, OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARISING FROM USAGE OF TRADE, COURSE OF DEALING OR COURSE OF PERFORMANCE. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Virtuozzo specifically does not warrant that Products will meet the requirements of the Reseller and/or End User or that Products will be accurate or error-free. To the extent that Virtuozzo may not disclaim any warranty as a matter of applicable law, the scope and duration of such warranty will be the minimum permitted under such law.9. INDEMNITIES9.1. Indemnification by Reseller. Reseller will indemnify, defend and hold harmless Virtuozzo and its affiliates and their respective officers, directors, shareholders, employees and agents (for purposes of this Section 9.1, collectively, "Virtuozzo") from and against any and all third party claims arising out of or in connection with (i) the gross negligence or willful misconduct of Reseller and/or its employees, (ii) any misrepresentation made by Reseller to any of its End Users or any other third party with respect to Products, and (iii) any claims by End Users for special, incidental, consequential, direct or indirect damages arising out of or in connection with use of Products and/or KA, including, but not limited to claims arising or based on damages to End User’s hardware, media, software, loss, destruction or corruption of data, loss of revenue to End Users or loss of profits of End Users.9.2. Exceptions. Reseller shall have no obligation under this Section as to any action, proceeding, or claim unless: (i) Reseller is notified of it promptly; (ii) Reseller has control of its defense and settlement with Virtuozzo participation; and (iii) Virtuozzo provides Reseller with reasonable assistance in its defense and settlement.9.3. Reseller Data or use of non-Virtuozzo software with Products. If an unaffiliated third party asserts that Reseller or End User data or non- Virtuozzo software or technology used by Reseller with Products, Virtuozzo may ask Reseller to remove the allegedly infringing item. If Reseller fails to do so within a reasonable time, Virtuozzo may suspend Reseller’s licensing rights granted under these Terms.9.4. Sole Remedy. The foregoing are Virtuozzo’s sole and exclusive obligations and Reseller’s sole and exclusive remedies, with respect to infringement or misappropriation of intellectual property rights.10. LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY10.1. Exclusion of Damages. In no event will either party be liable to the other party for any special, incidental, indirect, or consequential damages (including lost profits or lost data), whether based on breach of contract, tort (including negligence), product liability, or otherwise, and whether or not such party has been advised of the possibility of such damage. THE TOTAL CUMULATIVE LIABILITY OF VIRTUOZZO IN CONNECTION WITH THESE TERMS AND PRODUCTS, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, IN TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING THE INDEMNITY OBLIGATION SET FORTH ABOVE, WILL NOT EXCEED THE AMOUNT OF LICENSE FEES THAT RESELLER HAS PAID TO DISTRIBUTOR UNDER THESE TERMS IN THE SIX (6) MONTHS PRECEEDING THE EVENT WHICH GAVE RISE TO THE CLAIM. The existence of multiple claims will not expand this limit. The parties acknowledge that the license fees reflect the allocation of risk set forth in these Terms and that Virtuozzo would not enter into these Terms without these limitations on its liability. The foregoing does not apply to breaches of Section 6 and/or Section 7. The parties have agreed that the limitations specified in this Section will survive and apply even if any limited remedy specified in these Terms is found to have failed of its essential purpose.11. ACCEPTABLE USE AND COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS11.1. Lawful Use. By registering for, by using and/or enabling another to use Virtuozzo Products and KA, you represent and warrant that you have the legal capacity and authority to enter into a binding agreement and to adhere to these Terms, and that you will use Products and KA only in accordance with these Terms and with all applicable laws. If an individual is registering or using Products and KA on behalf of an entity or organization, that individual warrants, represents, and covenants to Virtuozzo that such individual is duly authorized to agree to these Terms on behalf of the Reseller and to bind the Reseller to them. Virtuozzo Products and KA are intended, and offered, only for lawful use by individuals or organizations with the legal capacity and authority under applicable law to enter into a contract for such products and services. Virtuozzo does not offer Products and KA to minors or where otherwise prohibited by law.11.2. Compliance. Reseller and all of its owners, directors, officers, employees, agents, affiliates or contractors (collectively "Reseller" for purposes of this Section 11) will use the Products only in accordance with these Terms and with all applicable laws. Without limiting the foregoing:11.2.1. Reseller acknowledges and agrees that the Products may be subject to economic sanctions and export controls of the United States of America ("US"), European Union ("EU"), and Switzerland. Reseller agrees not to engage in any transaction or activity that would result in liability to Virtuozzo under EU, US or Swiss sanctions or export control laws or regulations. Reseller agrees to comply with all US, EU and Swiss economic sanctions and export control laws and regulations as if it were a US, EU and a Swiss company and a US, EU and Swiss exporter, and with all otherwise applicable export or import regulations of other countries, and will not allow any third-party to remove or export from the US, EU or Switzerland or allow the export or re-export of any part of the Products or any direct product thereof (I) into (or to a resident or entity incorporated under the laws of) any country subject to a comprehensive US, EU or Swiss embargo, (II) to anyone on the US Commerce Department’s Denied Persons List, Entities List or Unverified List, the US Treasury Department’s Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons List, Foreign Sanctions Evaders List or the Sectoral Sanctions Identifications List, the US Department of State’s List of Statutorily Debarred Parties, the EU’s Consolidated Sanctions List, or the Swiss Secretariat of Economic Affairs Overall list of sanctioned individuals, entities and organizations (collectively, the "Lists"), or (III) to any country, entity or person to which such export or re-export is restricted or prohibited, or as to whom the US, EU or Switzerland requires an export license or other governmental approval at the time of export from the US, EU or Switzerland, respectively, or re-export without first obtaining such license or approval. Reseller assumes sole responsibility for any required export approval and/or licenses and all related costs and for the violation of any export law or regulation.11.2.2. Reseller represents and warrants that Reseller is not included on any of the Lists. Reseller will immediately inform Virtuozzo of any inclusion of Reseller on any of the Lists and will cooperate with Virtuozzo’s investigation and/or reporting of such action to appropriate US, EU or Swiss authorities, which may occur at Virtuozzo’s sole discretion.11.2.3. Reseller may not use or enable the use of the Products by any End User or any other third party whose rights are derivative of any of them who is a resident of, entity incorporated under the laws of, or under control of any of the governments of any country subject to a comprehensive US, EU or Swiss embargo, which as of the date hereof includes: Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria and the Crimea region of the Ukraine (which for the purpose of this paragraph may be referred to as a country). Each time Reseller uses or enables the use of the Products, Reseller represents, warrants, and covenants that none of Reseller, its End Users, or any other third party whose rights are derivative of any of them (I) is a resident of, an entity incorporated under the laws of, or under the control of the government of any country subject to a comprehensive US, EU or Swiss embargo; (II) will download or otherwise export or re-export any Products, directly or indirectly, to the above mentioned countries or to residents or entities incorporated under the laws of those countries, or permit any third party to do so; (III) are listed in any of the Lists or subject to US, EU or Swiss sanctions; or (IV) will use or allow the use of the Products for any purposes prohibited by US, EU or Swiss law, including, without limitation, for the development, design, manufacture, or production of nuclear, chemical, or biological weapons, weapons of mass destruction or their proliferation; or (V) are using or permitting others to use the Products to create, store, backup, resell, or provide access to child pornography or any other content or data which is illegal under the applicable law, including that where Reseller is domiciled.11.2.4. Virtuozzo will not be liable to Reseller or any of its officers, directors, employees, agents, contractors, designees, customers and/or any other party, for any refusal or failure to provide goods, software, services or technical data as a result of any action taken as a result of any inclusion of Reseller on any of the Lists.11.2.5. If Virtuozzo has a good faith belief that Reseller, or any third party acting on Reseller’s behalf, intends to violate, has violated, or causes Virtuozzo to violate, any EU, US or Swiss export controls or sanctions law or regulation, Virtuozzo may terminate this Agreement immediately, notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary. In the event of such termination, Virtuozzo will be relieved of all liability and obligations of any kind under this Agreement.11.2.6. Reseller will indemnify and hold Virtuozzo harmless for any and all claims, losses, damages, liabilities, expenses and costs of whatever nature, including reasonable attorneys’ fees and expenses, arising out of Reseller’s non-compliance with US, EU or Swiss export controls or sanctions laws or regulations or Reseller’s inclusion on any of the Lists. Virtuozzo will be relieved of all claims and liabilities arising from (I) termination of this Agreement pursuant to this Section 11, and (II) Virtuozzo’s failure to perform, or inability to perform, as a result of Reseller’s inclusion on any of the Lists.11.2.7. Reseller will, at its own cost and expense, screen against the Lists all new End Users and all third parties whose rights to use the Products are derivative of any of them, and will not contract with anyone who is included on one of the Lists.11.2.8. Virtuozzo may at Virtuozzo’s option, exercisable by notice to Reseller at any time (the "Pre-Screen Notice"), direct Reseller not to authorize or permit the use of Products by any End User or any third party whose rights to use the Products would be derivative of any of them unless Virtuozzo will have first approved such use in writing, including by email. After Reseller receives the Pre-Screen Notice, Reseller will give Virtuozzo advance written notice, including by email, of the identity of any such End User or third party, with such accompanying detail and additional information as Virtuozzo may request. Virtuozzo will use that information to determine whether any such person is on any of the Lists. Virtuozzo will give notice to Reseller of its approval of any such person not on any of the Lists. Any such person who is, or who appears to be on any of the Lists will not be approved and Virtuozzo will not deal with them regarding the Products.11.2.9. Virtuozzo may audit Reseller’s compliance with this Section 11 on such terms as Virtuozzo determines reasonable. Reseller will also, upon request of Virtuozzo, provide to Virtuozzo the names of all Ends Users and all third parties whose rights to use the Products are derivative of any of them.11.2.10. Virtuozzo may at any time suspend Reseller’s access to the Products, in whole or in part, for the following reasons:11.2.10.1. In order to comply with any contractual, statutory, and/or regulatory obligation, a request or order from law enforcement, or a competent judicial, governmental, supervisory or regulatory body;11.2.10.2. If Virtuozzo has reasonable grounds to suspect that Reseller, End Users or other third parties have acted or will act fraudulently, unlawfully, in a criminal way or in a way which could prejudice Virtuozzo, any End User or any other third party;11.2.10.3. If Reseller, any End Users or other third parties violates any contractual, legal, regulatory, statutory, or administrative obligation, or if any End User or other third party is subject to US, EU or Swiss sanctions.11.2.11. Certification. Reseller will certify to Virtuozzo in writing compliance with its obligations under this Section11, at least annually on or before March 31 of each calendar year, and at such other times as Virtuozzo will request.11.3. Anti-corruption compliance. Reseller shall not, and shall not permit any of its subsidiaries and affiliates, or any of its or their respective directors, officers, managers, employees, independent contractors, representatives or agents (collectively, "Representatives") to, promise, authorize or make any payment to, or otherwise contribute any item of value to, directly or indirectly, any non-U.S. government official, in each case, in violation of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act ("FCPA") or any other applicable anti-bribery or anti-corruption law of any other jurisdiction. Reseller shall, and shall cause each of its subsidiaries and affiliates and Resellers to, cease all of its or their respective activities, as well as remediate any actions taken by Reseller, its subsidiaries or affiliates or Resellers, or any of its or their respective Representatives in violation of the FCPA or any other applicable anti-bribery or anti-corruption law of any jurisdiction. Reseller shall, and shall cause each of its affiliates and subsidiaries and Resellers to, maintain systems or internal controls (including, but not limited to, accounting systems, purchasing systems and billing systems) to ensure compliance with the FCPA or any other applicable anti-bribery or anti-corruption law of any jurisdiction.12. SUPPORT12.1. Virtuozzo Support. Technical support shall be rendered under the standard terms, depicted in the Certificates for technical support and at Virtuozzo’s website: https://www.virtuozzo.com/support/all-products/scope-of-support.html. The period of technical support related to Products listed in the order, which are not registered by the End User, shall not start before such Products are registered by the End User.12.2. Virtuozzo will draft and communicate to Distributors and Resellers the Rules on provision of the technical support services to End Users, such rules might be updated by Virtuozzo from time to time.12.3. Reseller may propose to End Users and the Virtuozzo shall render technical support services subject to strict compliance of the precedent terms below. Reseller shall have good reputation in relation to performance hereof as established by Virtuozzo. Good reputation shall include the following:12.3.1. Reseller’s current complete performance of this Agreement and other contractual obligations and terms under other agreements between Virtuozzo and Reseller; and12.3.2. Reseller has no debts before Virtuozzo of any amount hereunder or according to other agreement between Virtuozzo and Reseller for more than thirty (30) calendar days. If Virtuozzo is not satisfied with Reseller’s performance of any of the precedent terms described herein above, Virtuozzo may unilaterally suspend or withdraw from support services.13. GENERAL PROVISIONS13.1. Distributor Termination. In the event that the relationship between Virtuozzo and Distributor terminates, i) these Terms may be terminated upon the same termination notice provisions that Distributor is entitled to; or ii) upon the Reseller’s consent a) Virtuozzo will refer Reseller to a different distributor; or b) Reseller will become a direct customer of Virtuozzo.13.2. Events of Termination. Notwithstanding anything in Section 13, Virtuozzo will have the right to terminate these Terms if Reseller breaches any material term or condition and fails to cure such breach within thirty (30) calendar days after written notice.13.3. Effect of Termination. Upon termination of these Terms, all provided License Keys may be cancelled by Virtuozzo in its sole discretion.13.4. No Damages for Termination. Neither party will be liable to the other for damages of any kind, including incidental or consequential damages, on account of the termination of these Terms. Reseller waives any right it may have to receive any compensation or reparations on termination of these Terms under the law of the territory or otherwise, other than as expressly provided in these Terms. Neither party will be liable to the other on account of termination of these terms for reimbursement or damages for the loss of good will, prospective profits or anticipated income, or on account of any expenditures, investments, leases or commitments made by either party or for any other reason whatsoever based upon or growing out of such termination.13.5. Force Majeure. Neither party will be responsible for any failure to perform due to causes beyond its reasonable control (each a Force Majeure), including, but not limited to, acts of God, war, riot, embargoes, acts of civil or military authorities, denial of or delays in processing of export license applications, fire, floods, earthquakes, accidents, strikes, or fuel crises, provided that such party gives prompt written notice thereof to the other party. The time for performance will be extended for a period equal to the duration of the Force Majeure, but in no event longer than sixty (60) days.13.6. Governing Law and Dispute Resolution. For Resellers incorporated in the United States of America these Terms shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of Washington, USA, exclusive of its conflicts of laws provisions and any suit under these Terms shall exclusively be brought in a federal or state court in King County, Washington. For Resellers incorporated in a jurisdiction outside of the United States these Terms will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws Switzerland exclusive of its conflicts of laws provisions and any suit under these Terms shall exclusively be brought in Schaffhausen, Switzerland. The parties expressly exclude the application of the Uniform Computer Information Transactions Act (UCITA) and the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods.13.7. Non-Solicitation. Reseller will not, without the prior written consent of Virtuozzo solicit, offer work to, employ, or contract with, directly or indirectly, on its own behalf or on behalf of its affiliates, any of Virtuozzo’s Personnel or the Personnel of its affiliates during the validity of these Terms or during the twelve (12) months following termination of these Terms. For purposes of this Clause, "Personnel" includes any individual that Virtuozzo employs or has employed as a partner, employee or independent contractor. If Reseller breaches this Section, Reseller will pay Virtuozzo EUR 1,500,000.00 (One million five hundred thousand Euro), payable net thirty (30) calendar days from the date of invoice, as liquidated damages for breach of this Section.13.8. Amendment. Virtuozzo may modify and/or amend these Terms and any or all documents incorporated by reference including EULA from time to time. Any such amendment or modification will become effective immediately from when it is uploaded to https://www.virtuozzo.com/legal.html and Reseller continued use of Virtuozzo Products and resale of such Products to End Users shall constitute acceptance of such amendment and/or modification.13.9. Assignment. Any assignment by Reseller of any rights under these Terms without the express written consent of Virtuozzo will be null and void. Reseller’s assignment of any rights under these Terms with Virtuozzo’s consent will not relieve Reseller from liability to Distributor and Virtuozzo as the primary obligor under these Terms. Virtuozzo may assign its rights and transfer its obligations under these Terms in whole or in part to any of its affiliates, including parent and subsidiary companies without any restrictions. Any attempted assignment or transfer in violation of the foregoing will be void.13.10. Miscellaneous Provisions. The failure of Virtuozzo to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms does not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. Any waiver of any provision of these Terms will be effective only if in writing and signed by Virtuozzo. The exercise by either party of any remedy under these Terms will be without prejudice to its other remedies under these Terms or otherwise except as otherwise expressly provided herein. The rights and obligations of the parties contained in Confidentiality, Proprietary Rights, Warranty, and Limitations of Liability will survive the termination these Terms. If for any reason a court of competent jurisdiction finds any provision or portion of these Terms to be unenforceable, the remainder of these Terms will continue in full force and effect. These Terms, which incorporates the current and all future updates to the Virtuozzo Privacy Policy and the Virtuozzo General Terms and Conditions, each of which may be updated from time to time (see: https://www.virtuozzo.com/legal.html), constitutes the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes and replaces all prior or contemporaneous understandings or agreements, written or oral, regarding such subject matter.13.11. Entire Agreement. These Terms and its appendices are the complete agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, superseding and replacing any and all prior agreements, communications, and understandings (both written and oral) regarding such subject matter. These Terms may only be modified, or any rights under it waived, by a written document executed by both parties.
* Please Note: Parallels International GmbH and its affiliates are no longer affiliated/related with Virtuozzo International GmbH and its affiliates. Parallels International GmbH and its affiliates do not endorse or sponsor Virtuozzo International GmbH or any of its affiliates or any of their products.
ProductsVirtuozzo Hybrid InfrastructureVirtuozzo Hybrid ServerVirtuozzo Hybrid WorkspaceResourcesAll ResourcesAnalyst ReportSolution BriefsVideosCase StudiesData SheetsWhite PapersWebinarsHow-toBranding MaterialsProduct GuidesSupportVirtuozzo Professional ServicesAll ProductsPremium SupportDocumentationKnowledge BaseConnectProduct UpdatesIn the NewsBlogAboutCareersPartnersOur storyContactOpen Source
Search form