http://www.ning.com/ning3help/
Home
Looking for the Ning 2.0 Help Center?
Starting
Creating a Network
Community Boot Camp
Custom Domains
Social Sharing Options
Making Money
Privacy & Permissions
Growth
Features
Activity Feed
Blogs
Forum
Groups
Photos
Events
CAPTCHA
New Chat Features
Polls setting guide
Music
MailChimp
Landing Page Builder
How to create a new landing page with NING Landing Page Builder
Google Maps API key: how to change it
How to get a Google Maps API key
View More
Monetize
Introduction to Donation feature
How to create a Donation campaign
How to create a Donate button
How to add a “Donate” button to your network content
How to add a “Donate” button to an HTML block
How to create a Donation tab in the main navigation menu
How to create a Donation block (content + button)
Design
The Design Studio
Customize Main Page
HTML Pages
All About the Site & Pages Manager
Members
Welcoming Members
Administrators
Privacy
Profile Pages
Trouble?
Troubleshooting
Billing Issues
Safety Center
Send Us a Ticket
Contact Us
Twitter Facebook
Start here for answers and advice
Start here for answers and advice
2.97 (59.5%) 439 votes
Check out our brief walk-through of Ning 3.0!
Get Started with our Community Boot Camp
Have a new network, and need to get started? Begin with our free community boot camp. We give you the 1-2-3 punch you need to get up and running quickly.
Help with Features
Chances are, you’re here to check out the many features of your social website. For quick access to articles about features, you can use the features drop-down list in the sidebar of every page of this Help Center. Or, start with this page that lists all of the Features of Your Network.
Growing Your Network
Whether you’re just finding your first members, looking for ways to engage your current community, or wanting to manage your community professionally, our growth page has the resources to help you. Stop by to check out best practices, watch webinars, or enroll in a free community management course.
Details about Design
Need some help with the Design of Your Network? The Design Studio is the place to pick a theme, a color scheme, add your network logo and background image and more. We’ll also show you how create a custom header and give you plenty of resources if you want to go further using CSS.
How to help your Members
You’ll undoubtedly need to help the Members of Your Network at some point. We can provide you with all the details about member controls, privacy options and messaging. This section of the Help Center is all about community management, so start here if you need info about helping your members.
Need Troubleshooting help?
Something not working as expected? We have some very handy Troubleshooting articles that can probably provide a quick answer. You can also reach our support team directly from the “Support” link located on your administrative dashboard. Additionally, Ning Scale subscribers will find a direct phone number to our support team on the dashboard. We’ll do our best to get you fixed up!
Have a great idea for a site, but no time to build it?
Not sure on the right approach to creating your Ning site? Have a great idea and looking to make it happen? Check out these NCs for Hire! These are long-time, savvy Network Creators, interested in helping you make your vision a reality!
WELCOME TO NING 3.0! This Help Center is for Ning 3.0 Networks. Click here for Ning Networks that were created before March 11, 2013.
Create a website – use NING Social platform!
Find by Feature
Activity Feed
Blog
Custom Home Pages
File management
Forum
Groups
HTML
Invitations
Messages
Photos
RSS
Social Sign-In
Submitting a Ticket
View All Features
Troubleshooting?
Billing Issues
Browser Issues
Domain Mapping Issues
Email Notifications / Invitations
Facebook Sign In App Issues
Loading Issues
Sign Up / Sign In Issues
Upcoming WebinarsPrevious Webinars Webinar archives
Most popular articles
Use Your Own Domain
Send Messages to the Members of your Group
Verify Your Email Address on a Ning Network
Sign Up for Google AdSense
Introduction to Groups
Troubleshoot Email Notifications and Invitations
Troubleshoot Sign Up / Sign In Issues
Ning Platform Status
Need some advice? The Creators Network is our customer community, and it’s chock full of interesting tips, ideas, and people who are doing just what you’re doing — building something creative on Ning. All Network Creators and admins are welcome. Join us!
Creators Announcements Notice of Scheduled MaintenanceView counter feature is liveMention featureMembers online featureApologies for network instability
Product
Website builder
Ning platform
Pricing plans
Company
Ning Features
About Ning
Ning Blog
Follow Us
Our Community
Facebook
Twitter
Site Links
Ning 2.0 Help
Ning 3.0 Help
Privacy Policy | Terms | Copyright
| © 2004
Ning Int. Inc.
Follow @Ning