http://www.directec.com/business-policies
(800) 588-7800
Customer Login
Chat
Request a Quote
Toggle navigation
About Us
Overview
Customer Testimonials
Careers
Contact Us
Our Advantage
Markets
Healthcare
Financial
Education
Government
Primary Partners
VarStar Partnerships
Policies
Payment Terms
Business Policies
Privacy Policy
At Directec Corporation, we dedicate ourselves to revolutionizing how businesses manage their technology purchasing. In that effort, we respect and protect the privacy of those customers and prospects who visit or use our website. We want you to know how your information is used. To demonstrate our commitment to fair information practices, we have adopted leading industry privacy guidelines.
This Privacy Statement describes privacy aspects specific to the Directec.com website and affiliated Directec web servers. In general, we work very hard to protect any information you provide us from loss or harm to you. Our privacy practices are consistent and compliant with that intent and policy.
Because of the B2B nature of our business, our website is not designed to appeal to children under the age of 13. Therefore, we do not knowingly attempt to solicit, collect, or receive any information from children.
When you register an account on our website, one of the optional pieces of information is your email address. We use this address to send you notifications of upcoming specials, recalls, manufacturer rebate programs, or other noteworthy information. We also use this information to help us improve our service and offerings to you. When sending you email, we may automatically collect technical information that allows us to format messages to best align with your computer’s capabilities. This data is used solely to enhance the presentation of the content you receive.  You may unsubscribe your email address by contacting us and including the word REMOVE in the subject area. You may also subscribe to sign up for our newsletter.
We do use “cookies” in a limited manner solely for navigational purposes. A cookie is a small piece of information that our website provides to your browser while you are at our site. This cookie contains a unique identifier used to better understand website usage in the aggregate. This data helps us understand what areas of our site users prefer and how they are used. With or without cookies, our website maintains usage data such as the source address that a page request is coming from, your IP address or domain name, the date and time of the page request, the referring website (if any), and other parameters in the URL. We use this data to better understand how users access and navigate through our website. This information is stored in log files and is used for aggregated and statistical reporting only. The log files are not linked to personally identifiable information gathered elsewhere on the website.
We employ industry recognized security safeguards to help protect the personally identifiable information that you provide to us from loss, misuse, and unauthorized alteration. Whenever you transmit sensitive information, such as credit card number, to us through our website, we provide you access to our secure servers that allow encryption of your data as it is transmitted. In addition, we work to protect personally identifiable information stored on our servers from unauthorized access using commercially available computer security technology, such as firewalls, as well as carefully developed security procedures and practices. All employees must review and sign these practices which include limiting access to sensitive information and enforcing strict password protocols.
Should you have any questions or concerns regarding this privacy policy, please contact our Customer Service group at (800) 588-7800.
Product Images
Images are shown for representational purposes only.
Legal Disclaimers
Directec hereby expressly disclaims all warranties either expressed or implied warranty of merchantability or fitness for a specific purpose. This disclaimer in no way affects the terms of the manufacturer’s warranty if any. Legal title to the goods being purchased remains with Directec until your payment is received and clears our bank. Any and all liability is only for the products purchased.
Trademark Usage
All trademarks, service marks, and registered trademarks are the sole property of their respective owners and are used with permission for illustrative and reference use only. Product photographs are copyrighted and used courtesy of respective manufacturers. Use of these items by Directec in its advertisements or website does not constitute any endorsement of any kind. Directec, Directec Corporation, DTC, Technology Products. Now., and the Big D logo are trademarks, service marks, or registered trademarks of Directec Corporation.