http://www.myantispyware.com/privacy-policy/
Downloads
Threats
Adware
Browser Hijacking
Rogue Anti Spyware
Virus
Questions and Answers
Recover Encrypted Files
Free Malware Removal Tools
Home › Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy for MyAntispyware.com
At MyAntispyware, accessible from https://myantispyware.com, one of our main priorities is the privacy of our visitors. This Privacy Policy document contains types of information that is collected and recorded by MyAntispyware and how we use it.
If you have additional questions or require more information about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us.
Log Files
MyAntispyware follows a standard procedure of using log files. These files log visitors when they visit websites. All hosting companies do this and a part of hosting services’ analytics. The information collected by log files include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date and time stamp, referring/exit pages, and possibly the number of clicks. These are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable. The purpose of the information is for analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking users’ movement on the website, and gathering demographic information.
Cookies and Web Beacons
Like any other website, MyAntispyware uses ‘cookies’. These cookies are used to store information including visitors’ preferences, and the pages on the website that the visitor accessed or visited. The information is used to optimize the users’ experience by customizing our web page content based on visitors’ browser type and/or other information.
Google DoubleClick DART Cookie
Google is one of a third-party vendor on our site. It also uses cookies, known as DART cookies, to serve ads to our site visitors based upon their visit to www.website.com and other sites on the internet. However, visitors may choose to decline the use of DART cookies by visiting the Google ad and content network Privacy Policy at the following URL – https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads
Analytics
We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service.
Google Analytics Google Analytics is a web traffic analysis tool. You can read the Privacy Policy for Google Analytics here: https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=en. You can opt-out by using the Google Analytics Opt-Out Browser Add-on https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/
Links To Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
California Online Privacy Protection Act
CalOPPA is the first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy. The law’s reach stretches well beyond California to require any person or company in the United States (and conceivably the world) that operates websites collecting Personally Identifiable Information from California consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being collected and those individuals or companies with whom it is being shared. – More information at http://consumercal.org/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa/
According to CalOPPA, we agree to the following:
Users can visit our site anonymously.
Once this privacy policy is created, we will add a link to it on our homepage or at a minimum, on the first significant page after entering our website.
Our Privacy Policy link includes the word ‘Privacy’ and can easily be found on the page specified above.
You will be notified of any Privacy Policy changes:
• On our Privacy Policy Page
Can change your personal information:
• By emailing us
Privacy Policies
Third-party ad servers or ad networks uses technologies like cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons that are used in their respective advertisements and links that appear on MyAntispyware, which are sent directly to users’ browser. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. These technologies are used to measure the effectiveness of their advertising campaigns and/or to personalize the advertising content that you see on websites that you visit.
Note that MyAntispyware has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.
Third Party Privacy Policies
MyAntispyware’s Privacy Policy does not apply to other advertisers or websites. Thus, we are advising you to consult the respective Privacy Policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information. It may include their practices and instructions about how to opt-out of certain options.
You can choose to disable cookies through your individual browser options. To know more detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers, it can be found at the browsers’ respective websites.
Children’s Information
Another part of our priority is adding protection for children while using the internet. We encourage parents and guardians to observe, participate in, and/or monitor and guide their online activity.
MyAntispyware does not knowingly collect any Personal Identifiable Information from children under the age of 13. If you think that your child provided this kind of information on our website, we strongly encourage you to contact us immediately and we will do our best efforts to promptly remove such information from our records.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This Privacy Policy applies only to our online activities and is valid for visitors to our website with regards to the information that they shared and/or collect in MyAntispyware. This policy is not applicable to any information collected offline or via channels other than this website.
Consent
By using our website, you hereby consent to our Privacy Policy and agree to its Terms and Conditions.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:
By visiting this page on our website: https://www.myantispyware.com/contact-us/
Follow US
Search
Useful Guides
Malwarebytes won’t install, run or update – How to fix it
How To Recover Encrypted Files (Ransomware file recovery)
How to remove pop-up ads [Chrome, Firefox, IE, Opera, Edge]
How to reset Internet Explorer settings to default
Chrome Managed by your organization malware removal guide