http://www.surroundtech.com/privacy-policy
Search
FREE TRIAL
+1 (973) 743-1277
info@surroundtech.com
FREE TRIAL
Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policy is simple. We respect your right to privacy and will protect it when you visit our
Web site.
Your privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we have developed this Policy in order for you to
understand how we collect, use, communicate and disclose and make use of personal information.
1. General Policy
The following outlines our general privacy policy.
Before or at the time of collecting personal information, we will identify the purposes for which information is being collected.
We will collect and use personal information solely with the objective of fulfilling those purposes specified by us and for other compatible purposes, unless we obtain the consent of the individual concerned or as required by law.
We will only retain personal information as long as necessary for the fulfillment of those purposes.
We will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and, where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned.
Personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes, should be accurate, complete, and up-to-date.
We will protect personal information by reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
We will make readily available to customers information about our policies and practices relating to the management of personal information.
2. Information Collection & Use
Surround Technologies, LLC is the sole owner of Surroundtech.com and the information collected on it. For the most part, you can visit the Surround Technologies Web site without telling us any personal information about yourself. However, Surround Technologies may request personally identifiable information at several optional points on our Web site during your visit.
Newsletters, Special Offers, Surveys or Contests
We may provide you the opportunity to subscribe to newsletters, participate in special offers, contests or surveys on our site. If you subscribe or participate, we will request certain personally identifiable information from you. Participation in these is completely voluntary and you therefore have a choice whether or not to disclose this information. The requested information typically includes contact and demographic information (such as name and address). We use this information to communicate with you and to analyze anonymous information and site traffic.
Customer Service
There are areas of the site in which you may choose to provide personal information for customer service inquiries.
Information We Automatically Collect
In the course of using our site, we collect information about your visit that does not identify you personally. We can identify information such as the type of browser you are using, the type of operating system, the domain name, Internet provider, and web service you are using. We also know the date, time, and pages you visit. Collecting this information helps us design and improve the site to suit your needs.
3. Communications From The Site
Newsletters, Special Offers, Surveys or Contests
We will occasionally send you newsletters requested or information on products, services, or promotions. Out of respect for your privacy, we present the option not to receive these types of communications or unsubscribe. Please see “Choice and Opt-out.”
Customer Service
Based upon the personally identifiable information you provide us; we will send you a welcoming verifying email. We will also communicate with you in response to your inquiries, and to provide the services you request. We will communicate with you by email or telephone, in accordance with your wishes.
4. Information Sharing and Disclosure
Personally Identifiable Information
We may choose to use a third party service provider to conduct communication programs, such as newsletters, survey or contests, and that company will be prohibited from using our users’ Personally Identifiable Information for any other purpose than the communications on our behalf. We will not share the personally identifiable information you provide with other third parties unless we give you prior notice and choice.
Legal Disclaimer
We reserve the right to disclose your Personally Identifiable Information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our Web site.
5. Choice/Opt-out
If you no longer wish to receive our newsletter and promotional communications, you may opt-out of receiving them by following the instructions included in each newsletter or communication or by emailing us at info@surroundtech.com. You may also contact us at (973) 743-1277 or 650 Bloomfield Ave., Suite 102, Bloomfield, NJ 07003 to opt-out.
6. Cookies
A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user’s computer for record-keeping purposes. We use session ID cookies to make it easier for you to navigate our site. A session ID cookie expires when you close your browser. We do not link any personally identifiable information you submit while on our site. We do not use persistent cookies on this site (the kind that track your personal interactions and data and pass them on to ad servers and remains on your hard drive for an extended period of time).
7. Clear Gifs (Web Beacons/Web Bugs)
We, or our third party partners, may employ a software technology called clear gifs (or Web Beacons/Web Bugs), that help us better manage content on our site by informing us what content is effective. Clear gifs are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, and are used to track the online movements of Web users. In contrast to cookies, which are stored on a user’s computer hard drive, clear gifs are embedded invisibly on Web pages and are about the size of the period at the end of this sentence. We do not tie the information gathered by clear gifs to our customers’ personally identifiable information.
We may also use clear gifs in our HTML-based emails to let us know which emails have been opened by recipients. This allows us to gauge the effectiveness of certain communications and the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns. If you would like to opt-out of these emails, please see “Choice and Opt-out.”
8. Blogs, Bulletin Boards, Chat Rooms
If you use a blog, bulletin board or chat room on this site, you should be aware that any personally identifiable information you submit there can be read, collected, or used by other users of these forums, and could be used to send you unsolicited messages. We are not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to submit in these forums. We also reserve the rights to delete postings or terminate the accounts of visitors who use these services in a manner that is offensive or inconsistent with our Terms of Use.
9. Access to Personally Identifiable Information
If your personally identifiable information changes, or if you no longer desire our service, you may correct, update, delete or deactivate it by emailing our Customer Support at support@surroundtech.com or by contacting us by telephone or postal mail at the contact information listed below.
10. Security
The security of your personal information is important to us. We will never ask you for sensitive information (such as credit card number, social security number, and/or passwords) on our registration forms or in our emails, and as such, there is no need for technologies such as secure socket layer technology (SSL).
We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us once we receive it. No method of transmission or electronic storage is 100% secure, however. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. If you have any questions about security on our Web site, you can email us at info@surroundtech.com.
11. Other Sites and Links
The Surround Technologies site contains link information and links to other Web sites. Surround Technologies is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these Web sites. This privacy statement applies only to information collected by this Web site.
12. Business Transitions
In the event Surround Technologies, LLC goes through a business transition, such as a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, your personally identifiable information will likely be among the assets transferred. You will be notified via email and prominent notice on our Web site for 30 days of any such change in ownership or control of your personal information.
13. Changes to this Privacy Statement
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, the homepage, and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.
We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time and if we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here or by means of a notice on our home page.
14. Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us at info@surroundtech.com or (973) 743-1277 or 650 Bloomfield Ave., Suite 102, Bloomfield, NJ 07003.