http://www.infoglide.com/privacy-policy/
BlogIndustry Solutions
Banking
Anti-Money Laundering
Know Your Customer (KYC) / Customer Due Diligence (CDD)
Sanctions Screening and Patriot Act 314(a) Compliance
First-Party Fraud (FPF) / Synthetic Identity Fraud
Insider Fraud and Collusion
Enterprise Search / Identity Resolution
Inter-Bank Data Search (I-BIRDS)
Insurance
Government
Retail
Healthcare
Technology
Identity Resolution Engine (IRE)
Identity Resolution
Social Link Discovery
Anonymous Resolution for Data Privacy
Real Time Red Flag Analysis
Identity Resolution as a Service (IRAAS)
Bladeworks
Resources
News/Press
Company
About Us
Partners
Partner Program
Careers
Contact Us
Home » Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This website (“Site”) is operated by Infoglide Corporation (“Infoglide” or “we”). We are committed to respecting and safeguarding your privacy. Our privacy policy describes how we fulfill our promise to protect personal information collected from you. By submitting information on Infoglide’s Site, you agree to Infoglide’s use of such information as described in this policy. For additional information, also see our Site’s Terms of Use.
Collection of Information
Infoglide may collect non-personally identifiable information about you in a number of ways including tracking your activities through your IP address or most-recently-visited URL. However, we do not collect any personally identifiable information about you unless you voluntarily submit contact information to us, such as by filling out a form or survey, registering your email/business address with us, applying for employment or sending email to us. We may also collect personal information from you at other points on our Site where we state that such information is being collected.
How Personal Information May be Used
Infoglide uses your personally identifiable and non-personally identifiable information for internal marketing purposes, for trend analysis, for pattern detection, to review and consider employment inquiries and for Site administration. We do not use personally identifiable information collected from the Site to send unsolicited mailings to you nor do we sell the information to third parties for marketing purposes. Of course, if applicable, we use personally identifiable information to perform the services for which such data was collected (i.e., if you inquire regarding employment, we may respond to your inquiry using the personal information you provide us). We may keep your personal information on file indefinitely.
Cookies
When you visit our Site, we may store some information on your computer in a text file generally referred to as a “cookie”. If your browser is set to accept cookies, then your browser adds the text in a small file. We do not use cookies to read other information on your computer’s hard drive. The cookie information will help you navigate our Site as easily as possible. You are free to set your browser to reject cookies, but doing so may cause portions of our Site to function improperly or request that you re-input information previously provided by you to us.
IP Addresses
Each visitor to our Site is identified by an IP address during their visit and IP addresses may be captured by the Site management software. Infoglide uses this IP information to help improve the operation of the Site and may occasionally use this information to adjust the Site content or for reporting purposes.
Information Sharing & Disclosure Practices
Information about our customers and other Site visitors is an important asset of Infoglide. As a matter of policy, we do not provide any of your personal information to third parties for their marketing purposes without your explicit consent. We will not intentionally disclose (and will take commercially reasonable steps to prevent the accidental disclosure of) your personal information to third parties or non-affiliates of Infoglide. In general, we share personal information with our affiliates and partners as required to perform a service or complete a transaction you requested. Examples of where personal information may be shared are (a) third parties who assist Infoglide in its operation of the Site, help Infoglide process transactions, provide the services you requested or contribute to Infoglide’s sales and marketing efforts; or (b) law enforcement and other government entities if reasonably required.
If Infoglide and/or any of its affiliates merges with or sells substantially all of its assets or a majority of its equity to a third party, information collected by Infoglide or such affiliates on their websites may be disclosed to and owned by the merged entity or third party.
Links to Other Websites
We may provide links to third party websites as a convenience to our users. Other websites (including those that we link to within an advertisement or article, and third party websites or services with which we co-brand) may have their own privacy policies. Privacy on third party websites is not controlled by us and we take no responsibility for the content or information practices of such third parties.
How To Change and/or Delete Information
You may modify, update and/or delete any personal information that you provided to the Site. You may also unsubscribe from mailing lists or any registrations on the Site. To do so, please either follow instructions on the page of the Site where you provided such information, subscribed or registered, or send us an e-mail to our website manager. .
Storage & Protection of Information
Infoglide expends commercially reasonable efforts to store and maintain the personal information you provide to the Site to protect it from loss, theft, misuse, alteration or destruction by unauthorized parties. Information collected through our Site may be stored indefinitely except as otherwise required by law.
Consent
By using our Site, you consent to the collection, use, and storage of your information by us in the manner described in this Privacy Policy and elsewhere on the Site. We reserve the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy from time to time and will provide updates of the policy on our Site. If you have concerns regarding privacy, we recommend that you review this webpage carefully and regularly revisit the Privacy Policy to stay apprised of any changes.
Comments and Questions
If you have comments or any questions about our Privacy Policy, please emailour website manager.
Follow Infoglide on
Identity Resolution Daily Blog
New Jersey-Based Fraud Ring Charged This Week: The Perfect Case for Social Network AnalysisInsider Fraud – Post 2Insider Fraud (Part I)FinCEN opens up 314(b) to private sector offerings as I-BIRDS takes flightFirst Party Fraud (post 4 of 4) – A Use Case
Contact Us
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Copyright 2012 Infoglide Software