http://www.collectionworks.com/terms.aspx
Home
About Us
Profile
Leadership
Our Clients
Products
Collection Agency Software
In-house Collection Software
Medical
Telecom
Utility
Municipal
Educational
Services
Collection Services
News
Careers
Contact
Feedback / Info
Remote Desktop Support
Terms & Conditions
Terms of Use and Legal Disclosures
The following terms and conditions ("Terms and Conditions") govern your use of the World Wide Web Site located at www.collectionworks.com (this "website"). By accessing, viewing, or using the content, material, or services available on or through this website, you indicate that you have read and understand these Terms and Conditions, and that you agree to them and intend to be legally bound by them. If you do not agree to these Terms and Conditions, you are not granted permission to use this website and must exit immediately.
These Terms and Conditions may be changed at any time. Notice of any new or revised Terms and Conditions, as well as the location of the new or revised Terms and Conditions, will be posted on the website for at least 60 days after the change. It is the obligation of users visiting the website before the change to learn of changes to the Terms and Conditions since their last visit. Any change to these Terms and Conditions shall be effective as to any visitor who has visited the website before the change was made.
This website has been prepared solely for the purpose of providing information about CollectionWorks,
and the products and services offered by the company and its operating subsidiaries and affiliates. The reports filed by CollectionWorks. with the Securities and Exchange Commission, which may be accessed through this website, speak only as of the respective dates on which they are filed and the contents of those reports can become out-of-date. Without limiting the generality of anything else, CollectionWorks. makes no commitment, and disclaims any duty, to update this website or any of the information obtained through this website, and its shall not be responsible for any errors or omissions in the website. CollectionWorks reserves the right to add, modify or delete any information on this website at any time, with or without notice.
Copyright and Other Proprietary Information
Website text, graphics, design, selection and arrangement copyright © 2009 CollectionWorks,
All rights reserved. CollectionWorks. also owns a copyright in the website as a collective work and/or compilation. Permission is granted to download and print materials from this website only for the purpose of viewing, reading, and retaining for reference the materials for personal, non-commercial purposes. Any other copying, distribution, or modification of or preparation of derivative works based upon, or any framing, capturing, harvesting, or collection of, or creating of hypertext or other links or connections to, this website or any materials on this site, whether in electronic or hard copy form, without the express prior written permission CollectionWorks is strictly prohibited. Removing or altering any copyright notice or any other proprietary notice on any website materials is strictly prohibited.
All names, trademarks, service marks, symbols, slogans, and logos appearing on the website are proprietary to CollectionWorks or its licensors. Use or misuse of these trademarks is expressly prohibited and may violate federal and state trademark law.
CollectionWorks welcomes your feedback and suggestions about how to improve our products, information, and services and this website. By transmitting any suggestions, information, data, material, or other content (collectively, "Submissions") to CollectionWorks,
you automatically grant CollectionWorks. the royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive right and license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, redistribute, transmit, perform and display any or all of such Submissions (in whole or part) throughout the universe and to incorporate such in other works in any form, media, or technology now known or later developed for the full term of any rights that may exist in such Submission(s). Further, CollectionWorks is free to use any ideas, concepts, methods, know-how, techniques, and processes contained in any communications you send to this website for any purpose whatever, including, but not limited to, creating and marketing products, information, or services using such information.
Forward-looking Statements Disclosure
Certain statements in documents that appear in or are obtained through this website, including, without limitation, statements as to any company's objective to grow through strategic acquisitions and internal growth, the ability to realize operating efficiencies in the integration of its acquisitions or as to management's beliefs, expectations and opinions, are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties and are subject to change at any time. Certain factors, including without limitation, risks associated with growth and future acquisitions, fluctuations in quarterly operating results, and other risks detailed from time to time in filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, can cause actual results and developments to be materially different from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements.
Disclaimers; Disclaimers Regarding Other Servers and Web Sites
This website, the website materials on and in and made available through this website, and the services, information, and products offered by CollectionWorks., and its operating subsidiaries and affiliates in connection therewith are made available "as is" and "with all faults." Use of this website is entirely at your own risk.
The CollectionWorks Companies make no representations or warranties, and disclaim all representations and warranties, with respect to this website, the website materials on and in and made available through this website, and the services, information, and products offered in connection therewith, express or implied, written or oral, arising from course of dealing, course of performance, usage of trade, or otherwise, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, accuracy, systems integration, non-interference, quality, title, and non-infringement. The entire risk as to satisfactory quality, performance, accuracy, and effort with regard to any and all website materials on and in and made available through this website is with you.
The CollectionWorks companies shall not be liable for any special, indirect, incidental, consequential, exemplary, extra-contractual, or punitive damages of any kind whatever, including, without limitation, lost revenues or lost profits, which may or do result from the use of, access to, or inability to use this website, the website materials on and in and made available through this website, or the services, information, and products offered in connection therewith, regardless of legal theory, whether or not any party had been advised of the possibility or probability of such damages, and even if the remedies otherwise available fail of their essential purpose. Under no circumstances will the total liability of the CollectionWorks Companies to you or any other person or entity in connection with, based upon, or arising from this website, the website materials on and in and made available through this website, or the services, information, or products offered in connection therewith exceed the price paid by you for use of this website.
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, other sites that may be listed or linked in this website are not under the control of CollectionWorks. Accordingly, CollectionWorks can make no representation concerning the content of these sites to you, nor can the fact that CollectionWorks. has given you this listing serve as an endorsement by CollectionWorks. of any of these sites. CollectionWorks. is providing links to these sites as a convenience to you. CollectionWorks. has not tested any software that may be found on these sites and therefore cannot make any representations regarding the quality, safety or suitability of any software found there. There are inherent dangers in the use of any software found on the Internet, and CollectionWorks cautions you to make sure that you completely understand the risk before retrieving any software on the Internet. CollectionWorks. is not responsible for any content, information, products, services, or software offered by any other party or at any other web site.
Privacy Statement
CollectionWorks, Inc. has a Privacy Notice setting out CollectionWorks’ online information gathering and dissemination practices with respect to the website. The Privacy Notice is incorporated into these Terms and Conditions by reference, as if set forth fully herein.
Governing Law and Jurisdiction
These Terms and Conditions, including, without limitation, the Privacy Notice, represent the entire agreement between you and CollectionWorks with respect to the subject matter hereof, and supersede any and all prior and contemporaneous written and oral representations, understandings, and agreements, express and implied, and will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Georgia, without reference to its conflict of law rules; provided, however, that the terms of any applicable law now or hereafter enacted that is based on, derived from, similar to, or connected with the uniform computer information transactions act drafted by the national conference of commissioners on uniform state laws shall not apply except to the extent that the law expressly prohibits alteration by these terms and conditions of the applicability of one or more sections of the law.
Miscellany
By accessing, viewing, or using the works, content, or materials on this website, you consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of the federal and state courts presiding in GA and agree to accept service of process by personal delivery or mail and hereby waive any and all jurisdictional and venue defenses otherwise available. This website is controlled and operated by CollectionWorks from its offices within the United States. Without limiting anything else, CollectionWorks makes no representation that the works, content, materials, services, information, or products available on, in, or through the website are appropriate or available for use in other locations, and access to them from territories where they are illegal is prohibited. Those who choose to access this website from other locations do so on their own volition and are responsible for compliance with applicable laws. The waiver or failure of CollectionWorks to exercise in any respect any right provided hereunder shall not be deemed a waiver of such right in the future or a waiver of any of other rights established under these Terms and Conditions. Headings used in these Terms and Conditions, including, without limitation, the Privacy Notice, are for reference only and shall not affect the interpretation of these Terms and Conditions (or the Privacy Notice). The waiver or failure of CollectionWorks to exercise in any respect any right provided hereunder shall not be deemed a waiver of such right in the future or a waiver of any of other rights established under these Terms and Conditions. CollectionWorks reserves the right to terminate your access to this website in the event that you violate these Terms and Conditions or for any reason whatever or no reason, with or without notice, in addition to any and all other remedies available at law or in equity.
Copyright 2018 CollectionWorks, All Rights Reserved.
Site Design by BeansLive.com
Terms and Conditions | Privacy Policy | Search | Site Map