http://www.koingosw.com/privacy.php
Order Place an Order
Your Name *
E-Mail *
License Type *
Select one...
SoloHouseholdStudent or SeniorSchoolSmall BusinessCorporate
Upgrade Plan *
Payment Method *
Credit Card (PayPal)
Credit Card (Direct)
Quantity *
Price
USD$0.00
Coupon Code
Cancel
Privacy Policy
HomePrivacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us. When you provide information to us via our web site, we protect it according to this policy. If you have any questions, please don't hesitate to let us know.
Information We Collect
Unless otherwise stated in another, more specific policy on the web pages you are viewing, we collect the following types of information when you browse www.koingosw.com or any other web site owned by us:
Information you provide directly, such as your name or ordering information when you register or make an online order, or any chat room postings or e-mail messages you send us;
The web pages your Internet browser visits when browsing our site and
Aggregate data, such as the number of hits per week, per web page.
Uses of this Information
We do not rent or sell customer lists to other companies. Instead, we use information collected via the web site in the following ways:
For information you provide directly, such as ordering information or e-mail messages, we use the information to respond to your orders and requests.
For some registration and use data, we may direct you to particular web pages, customize the web pages you see, or otherwise increase the relevance of the information you access through the web site.
For information about web pages visited, page hits per week, and the like, we use this information internally to improve the design of our web pages.
We may use third-party storage or service-provider companies to perform some functions including the processing of data. Such companies are under a duty of confidentiality to us.
We may disclose information to protect our rights or property, to enforce our terms of use and legal notices, as required or permitted by law, or at the request of government regulators or other law enforcement officials and the courts (including the issuance of a valid subpoena). We shall have no duty to notify you of such compliance with the law.
E-Mail Lists
We maintain e-mail lists to keep interested parties informed about our company, events, products, support, and more. We do not sell the addresses on our list, and will never make the information available to outside parties.
Users may voluntarily request to join our mailing lists by signing up or opting in through a form on our web site. To be removed from our e-mail list, follow the "unsubscribe" instructions on the bottom of e-mails from us.
Storage and Updates to Information
You can update your contact information by visiting the support area of our web site and contacting our support department. We may keep all information in an offline form, for archival purposes or as otherwise required by law. Please note that if your information is removed from our databases, you may no longer be able to access certain areas of our web site requiring registration or a subscription.
It is important to note that if you are a customer, and choose not to receive our mailings, your online access to the members area will remain unless specifically requested otherwise.
Revisions and Contact Information
We constantly update the features of our web site to better serve you and all our customers, so this policy may also be revised from time to time. We may modify this policy without advance notice and any modifications are effective when they are posted here. By using our web site, you indicate your understanding and acceptance of the terms of the policy posted at the time of your use. If you have any questions, please contact us via e-mail.
What is top of your wish list for Koingo?
Cast Vote