http://www.maned.com/legal/
MENUMENUHomeSolutions
TruEditPage Director® Series
About UsSupport
TruEdit Plugin DownloadsGet SupportCompatibility Chart
Contact Us
Managing Editor reserves the right to change, at any time and without notice, the features, functionality and services described in this website. The information contained in this website is subject to change without notice.
Trademark Information
Managing Editor, the Managing Editor logo, Page Director, AdForce, ClassForce, FileForce, Innovative Ads, InPorter, InQuery, InWord, JumpStory, MagForce, MEI Portico, Qwalla, Roundhouse, AdTrac. IPS, TruEdit, WebTrac, “All in one place” and “When it’s time to think inside the box” are trademarks, service marks or registered trademarks of Managing Editor Inc. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners.
Other MEI product or service names or logos referenced in the MEI website are either trademarks or registered trademarks of Managing Editor Inc. The absence of a product or service name or logo from this list does not constitute a waiver of Managing Editor’s trademark or other intellectual property rights concerning that name or logo.
Ownership of Materials
The information contained in this site is copyrighted and may not be distributed, modified, reproduced in whole or in part without the prior written permission of Managing Editor Inc. The images from this site may not be reproduced in any form without the prior advance written consent of Managing Editor Inc.
Software and Documentation Information
Use of the software from this site is subject to the software license terms set forth in the Managing Editor Inc. Software License.
Third-Party Companies and Products
Mention of third-party products, logos, companies and websites on the MEI website is for informational purposes only and constitutes neither an endorsement nor a recommendation. MEI assumes no responsibility with regard to the selection, performance or use of these products or vendors.
Links to Other Websites
Managing Editor Inc. makes no representation whatsoever regarding the content of any other websites that you may access from the MEI website. A link to a non-MEI website does not mean that MEI endorses or accepts any responsibility for the content or use of such website.
Privacy
Use of this website signifies your agreement to the privacy policies described below. We may collect the following types of information:
Information you provide.
When you fill in a form for information or support, or to participate in an MEI program or event, we ask you for personal information (as well as certain non-personal information that may be tied to personal information), such as your first and last name, mailing address (including ZIP code), country of residence, e-mail address, employer, job title and department, and telephone and facsimile numbers.
Log information.
When you access a page on the MEI website, our servers may automatically record information that your browser sends whenever you visit a website. These server logs may include information such as your web request, Internet Protocol (IP) address, browser or device type, browser language, the date and time of your request and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser or device.
User communications.
When you send us email or other communications, we may retain those communications. Any feedback you provide at this site shall be deemed to be non-confidential.
Links.
We may present links in a format that enables us to track whether these links have been followed.
Use of information
Maned.com processes personal information for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy and/or any supplementary privacy notices.
Such purposes include: Providing our services; auditing, research and analysis in order to maintain, protect and improve our services; ensuring the technical functioning of our network; and developing new products and services. We may also track customer information to keep you informed about product upgrades, special offers and other products and services of MEI and selected providers unless you have opted not to receive such communications.
Information sharing
MEI only shares personal information with our subsidiaries, affiliated companies or other trusted businesses or persons. We require that these parties agree to process such information based on our instructions and in compliance with this Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. If MEI becomes involved in a merger, acquisition, or any form of sale of some or all of its assets, we will ensure the confidentiality of any personal information involved in such transactions and provide notice before personal information is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Information security
We use industry-standard Secure Socket Layer (SSL) software to protect the security of your personal information (such as your name and email address) during transmission. MEI takes appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of data.
If we learn of a security breach, we may attempt to notify you electronically so that you can take appropriate protective steps.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. By using this website, you consent to the use of cookies.Okay Learn MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.