http://www.nikmakris.com/privacy.aspx
Jump to content
RT @mashable: Will Samsung Sue Apple Over iPhone 5 LTE? http://t.co/GNFoN3Wp 12 Sep 2012 10:05 PM
Search form
Home
Services
Cisco CCNA
Blog
Portfolio
Resources
About Me
Contact
Also of Relevance
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
At nikmakris.com we recognise that privacy is an important issue, so we operate with the protection of your privacy in mind. This Privacy Policy outlines the types of personal information we gather when you use nikmakris.com's services, as well as some of the steps we take to safeguard it.
The following principles apply to the personally identifying information we ask for and that you provide. "Personally identifying information" is information that individually identifies you, such as your name, physical address or email address.
Collection Of Data
Just browsing nikmakris.com does not require you to enter any personally identifying information.
nikmakris.com collects limited non-personally identifying information your browser makes available whenever you visit our site. This log information includes your Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your query and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser. We use this information to operate, develop and improve our services.
When we require personally identifying information, we will inform you about the types of information we collect and how we use it. We hope this will help you make an informed decision about sharing your personal information with us.
Use of Cookies
During your visit to nikmakris.com, one or more cookies are sent to your computer that allows us to uniquely identify your browser, some of these cookies may originate from third parties to facilitate the targeting of relevant adverts or analyse our website traffic.
A "cookie" is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. We use cookies to improve the quality of our service and to better understand how people interact with us. You can set your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some of the features at nikmakris.com may not function properly without cookies.
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on this site.
Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to you based on your visits to other sites on the Internet.
You may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
Information sharing
We do not rent or sell your personally identifying information to other companies or individuals, unless we have your consent, however we may store or otherwise process any personal information, including but not limited to your name and email address, which personally identifies you to enable Us, our affiliates, our partners, successors (including the purchaser of the whole or part of our business), associates, sub-contractors or other third parties to provide services and products which are available through the website.
We may use your personally identifying information to send you information about new products and services which we think may be of interest to you, unless you opt out at the point of entering your information. If you wish to opt-out at a later date you may do so by contacting us using this contact form.
We may transfer or disclose personal information, to our professional advisers and to such other parties as we consider necessary, for the administration of the website and related business or if required to disclose such information by law.
We may store and process personal information collected on our site in the United Kingdom or any other country in which nikmakris.com or its agents maintain facilities. By using our services, you consent to the transfer of your information among these facilities, including those located outside your country.
In the event of a transfer of ownership of nikmakris.com, such as acquisition by or merger with another company, we will provide notice before any personally identifying information is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Information security
Whilst we will take all reasonable steps to protect your personally identifying information, we cannot guarantee the security of any personally identifying information you disclose online. You accept the inherent security implications of dealing online over the Internet and will not hold us responsible for any breach of security.
You are solely responsible for your personally identifying information and we may take any action with respect to your personally identifying information we deem necessary or appropriate if we believe it may cause us to suffer any loss, liability or commercial damage.
Links
nikmakris.com provides various links to other relevant websites to provide additional services to our customers, these websites are developed by people over whom nikmakris.com has no control. These other sites may place their own cookies on your computer, collect data or solicit personal information.
nikmakris.com may present links in a format that enables us to understand whether they have been followed. We use this information to understand and improve the quality of our service to you our customer.
Changes to this Policy
Please note this Privacy Policy will change from time to time. We expect most such changes to be minor, but there may be changes that are more significant. Regardless, we will post those changes on this page.
Back to top
Home
Web Development Services
Cisco CCNA
Blog
Development Portfolio
Resources
About Me
Get in Contact
Terms | Privacy | All content copyright © 2002-2020 Nik Makris
This material is not sponsored, endorsed or affiliated with Cisco Systems, Inc. Cisco, Cisco Systems, CCIP, the CCIP Logo, the CCNA Logo, the CCNP Logo, the CCDA Logo and the CCDP Logo are trademarks of Cisco Systems, Inc. and its affiliates. CCNA®, CCNP®, CCDA® and CCDP® are registered trademarks of Cisco Systems, Inc. and its affiliates.Professional Certification & Design is a registered trade-mark of Learning Tree International, Inc. in the U.S.A. and other countries.