http://www.zimbra.com/success-stories/oceano-moves-from-google-and-microsoft-to-zimbra-for-on-prem-security-privacy-n-lower-tco/
Skip to content
Home>Success Stories>Oceano Moves from Google and Microsoft to Zimbra for On-Prem Security, Privacy and Lower TCO
Oceano Moves from Google and Microsoft to Zimbra for On-Prem Security, Privacy and Lower TCO
Urvi Mehta
2019-04-05T21:32:12+00:00
Oceano Moves from Google and Microsoft to Zimbra for On-Prem Security, Privacy and Lower TCO
“We needed an on-premises solution to implement the security and safety protocols required by our customers,”
OCEANO
Oceano SRL offers a broad range of products and solutions for the Telco, Energy, Insurance and Financial Services industries. Oceano was born as an advanced technical support company and developed in various areas. Based in Italy, Oceano has offices in Cagliari, Oristano, Milan, Rome, Tirana and Shkodra with a total of over 700 employees/collaborators.
Opportunity
Replace Google Apps for Business and Microsoft Outlook email with one, on-premises email platform that provides privacy and security.
Oceano was using a combination of Google Apps for Business and Microsoft Outlook for email. This resulted in several critical issues:
Security and Privacy: Oceano’s customers were not satisfied with the security and privacy of their email data. The hosted email platform transmitted data via the internet, and Oceano could not block sending to specific domains.
Total Cost of Ownership (TCO): Oceano’s costs for licensing and IT maintenance were too high. A high employee turnover rate created an undue burden on their IT Department.
Unified Email Platform: Having employees on multiple email platforms was increasingly problematic.
With Zimbra, our costs have dropped dramatically, from 3.30 euros per mailbox per month to 1.22 euros,
Stefano Durzu, Network Administrator.
Solution
Install Zimbra Collaboration Server, a unified email platform to resolve security and privacy concerns and reduce TCO.
Oceano has deployed Zimbra Collaboration, and they have migrated over 200 Oceano employee mailboxes so far. Employees are enjoying a unified, intuitive Zimbra email experience that offers both conversation view (familiar to former Gmail users) and/or message view (familiar to former Outlook users).
Regarding reduced TCO, Durzo said, “With Zimbra, our costs have dropped dramatically, from 3.30 euros per mailbox per month to 1.22 euros. This decrease takes into account the costs for licenses, hardware, maintenance and energy consumption.”
How has Oceano addressed their customers’ security and privacy concerns? They customized Zimbra by writing scripts that allow them to specify which users can send to specific domains. “This fulfills the demands of several customers in terms of privacy and protection of sensitive data,” said Stefano Durzo.
What’s Next?
In addition to migrating their remaining employees to Zimbra, Oceano also plans to further profit from Zimbra using their IT department. “For our IT department, Zimbra’s Linux server functionality has made everything more adaptable and manageable. Our company is very dynamic, and we needed a system like Zimbra that can fully match
our customers’ requirements,” said Stefano Durzo. They also want to continue to increase their security measures by implementing mail server blocks, peripheral block of remote terminals, use of electronic badges, whitelisting of websites, etc.
Industry
e-Commerce
CORPORATE HEADQUARTERS
Cagliari, Italy
PRODUCT
Zimbra Collaboration
KEY BENEFITS
Data privacy and security
Reduced TCO
Simplified IT management
LEARN MORE ABOUT Oceano
Visit Oceano
Download PDF