https://www.frontpages-web-hosting.net/privacy-policy/
Skip to contentLast updated: May 17, 2020Frontpages Web Hosting Network (“us”, “we”, or “our”) operates the Frontpages Web Hosting Network website (the “Service”).This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information when you use our Service.We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.We use your Personal Information for providing and improving the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, accessible at http://www.frontpages-web-hosting.netInformation Collection And UseWhile using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally identifiable information (“Personal Information”) may include, but is not limited to:NameLog DataWe collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Service (“Log Data”). This Log Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics.CookiesCookies are files with small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and stored on your computer’s hard drive.We use “cookies” to collect information. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.Service ProvidersWe may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service, to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.These third parties have access to your Personal Information only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.SecurityThe security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.Links To Other SitesOur Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.Children’s PrivacyOur Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 (“Children”).We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with Personal Information, please contact us. If we discover that a child under 18 has provided us with Personal Information, we will delete such information from our servers immediately.Changes To This Privacy PolicyWe may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.Contact UsIf you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us.  780 total views,  2 views today
Search for:
Recent Posts Beberapa Bocoran Rahasia Situs Slot Terbaru Jaman Sekarang Alasan Mengapa Judi Online Sbobet Semakin Terkenal Saat Ini Langkah Terbaik Agar Bisa Bermain Judi Poker Online Terpercaya IDN Poker88 Dermawan dengan Memberikan Banyak Bonus Judi Bola Online Aman dan Nyaman Bonus MansionBola SolusinyaTagsaplikasi dewa poker Aplikasi DewaPoker Bonus Poker 88 Asia Dewa Poker 88 DewaPoker IDN DewaPoker login download apk dewa poker 99 IDN DewaPoker IDN Poker 88 IDN Poker88 Asia joker123 casino judi online sbobet judi poker online terpercaya kimochislot Link Poker88 M88 Indonesia M88 Mansion Mansion88 Indonesia MansionBola play pragmatic Poker88 Poker88 Asia Poker 88 Asia Online Poker88 Indo Poker online terpercaya sbobet mobile apk sbobet on mobile situs M88 Situs Poker 88 situs slot terbaru slot games sultan play spadegaming taruhan bola sboid web judi onlineArchivesDecember 2020November 2020June 2020May 2020NewsBertaruh di situs judi bola resmi dan terpercaya merupakan suatu keharusan bagi para penjudi. Cara mudah untuk mewujudkannya bisa dilihat di: https://naitik.net/situs-judi-bola-resmi-dan-terpercaya-bagi-anda/.BlogSitus dewaqq memanjakan dompet kamu dengan cashback dan promo menarik. Hal ini ditujukan supaya para member tetap nyaman dalam bermain. Selengkapnya bisa dibaca di https://www.boostmarathon.com/situs-dewaqq-memanjakan-dompet-kamu-dengan-cashback-serta-promo-menarik/.Prediksi dewa togel 99 Singapura masih menjadi yang terbaik saat ini. Itu terbukti dari hasil keluaran angka yang tepat sasaran. Oleh karena itu, segera kunjungi situs https://www.thinkeducationusa.com/ sekarang juga untuk informasinya.