http://www.wonderlic.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy &Terms of Use
All that you need to know.
Contents
INFORMATION COLLECTEDCOOKIESTHIRD PARTY ANALYTICS SERVICESSECURITYINFORMATION FROM CHILDRENRETENTION OF DATADATA PROTECTIONINFORMATION SHARED WITH OTHERSLINKSUPDATING AND CORRECTING INFORMATIONCHANGES TO THIS POLICY
Effective April 16th, 2020
This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) applies to Wonderlic, Inc.’s (“Wonderlic”) website and all its online application platforms (“Website”) and describes Wonderlic’s practices for handling personal information provided to Wonderlic over the Internet. By visiting the Website (wonderlic.com) you are accepting the practices described in this Policy.
INFORMATION COLLECTED
Wonderlic collects personally identifiable information (“PII”) that you provide in optional, voluntary submissions, such as forms, user profiles, free signups, contest entries, requests for customer service, software and mobile applications downloads, and via certain third party sources. If Wonderlic directly combines information from third parties with data it has collected from you, Wonderlic will treat the combined information as PII and handle it in accordance with this Policy. See Third Party Analytic Services Section herein below.
The types of personal information Wonderlic may directly collect about you through the Website includes the following–only if you decide to provide such information: (a) contact information (e.g., name, address, e-mail address, phone/fax numbers, employer name, job title) in connection with your expression of interest in receiving information about Wonderlic and its products; (b) your resume information and employment application information in response to Wonderlic’s job openings or its clients job openings; and (c) any other PII that you may voluntarily provide to us in an online form or through an e-mail. If you are using this Website to create an account with Wonderlic, we collect the information requested on our account application form, including contact information and financial information (such as credit card number or billing information). This information is used for internal purposes, such as account establishment, billing, fulfillment of orders and customer service.
When you apply for employment with a prospective employer (Wonderlic client) or seek promotion with a current employer (Wonderlic client) through the Website, PII about you will be collected for use in connection with the application or promotional process. This information may include but will not necessarily be limited to your name, email address, address, social security number, prior work history and other background information. This information will be used by the specific employer for assessing your suitability for employment or promotion with that employer, record keeping, governmental reporting and compliance with legal obligations or as reasonably necessary to defend the rights of the specific employer or Wonderlic. In the course of the application process, this information may also be disclosed to others such as companies hired by the specific employer to perform background checks, to government agencies and to third-party vendors who assist the specific employer in performing its business functions. Information collected through the Website may also be disclosed in the following situations: (a) in response to a subpoena, court order or legal process, to the extent required by law; (b) to protect user security or the security of other persons, consistent with applicable laws; or (c) to detect, prevent or otherwise address, fraud or technical issues, or (d) in connection with a sale or transfer of relevant Wonderlic assets.
If you reside outside of the United States, by using Wonderlic’s website or its online platforms you consent to the international transmission of information provided to us. Internet transmissions/emails sent to us may not be secure. As a result, these are sent at your own risk.
COOKIES
A Cookie is a small text file containing a unique identification number that is transferred from Wonderlic’s website to the hard drive of your computer. This unique number identifies your computer, web browser and Internet specifications, but not you personally. Specifically, it does not provide PII about you, such as your name and address. Wonderlic uses Cookies to measure traffic patterns, personalize content and control security. Wonderlic tracks the usage of the Website in order to modify it according to our customer’s needs. Wonderlic monitors and pays attention to what information is requested and attempts to make it easier to locate in the future. Please note, Wonderlic does reserve the right to link IP addresses and information supplied by the ISP to PII to facilitate efforts to protect the integrity and security of Wonderlic’s systems. Enabling Cookies on your browser is not required to use our Website, but will assist you with using its various functions and tools, such as recognizing your name or password when you return to the site.
THIRD PARTY ANALYTIC SERVICES
Wonderlic may use third party services, such as Google Analytics, to collect anonymous visitor data from the Website. Wonderlic may use these services to collect anonymous visitor information like IP addresses, browser types (e.g., Internet Explorer, Safari, Chrome, Firefox, Mozilla), the accessing app, or referring pages and websites. Wonderlic may use these third party services to collect such non-PII for various purposes, such as: (i) providing anonymous statistical analysis of web page traffic patterns; (ii) administration of our services and servers; (iii) allowing for auditing of our services by third parties and (iv) improving our general services. Additionally, Wonderlic may use other third party analytic services that independently collect PII from other sites and online mobile products and services related to your activities across their network of websites and online mobile products and services.
SECURITY
WHAT SECURITY PROCEDURES ARE IN PLACE TO PROTECT MY PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION?
Wonderlic’s website and platforms have security measures, such as firewalls and other security technologies, in place to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of your user data under our control. While we cannot guarantee that loss, misuse or alteration to data will not occur, we take reasonable precautions to prevent such occurrences. Any other particularly sensitive information, such as your credit card number, collected for a business transaction is encrypted prior to transmission to your credit card company.
INFORMATION FROM CHILDREN
Wonderlic does not offer services to children under the age of 13, and this web site is not directed at children under the age of 13. Wonderlic does not knowingly collect information about children under the age of 13.
RETENTION OF DATA
Wonderlic retains Personally Identifiable Information (“PII”) when we have an ongoing legitimate business or legal need to do so. Retention periods will vary depending on the type of information involved, but we generally rely on the following criteria to determine the retention period:
Whether we have a legal or contractual need to retain the data.
Whether the data is necessary to provide our Services.
Whether our clients have the ability to access and delete the data within their Wonderlic accounts.
Whether our clients would reasonably expect that we would retain the data until they remove it or their Wonderlic accounts are terminated.
When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your PII, we will either delete or anonymize it.
DATA PROTECTION
Wonderlic takes reasonable steps to ensure that the data we collect is reliable for its intended use, accurate, complete and up to date. If we receive a request from one of your candidates, we will either direct the candidate to reach out to you, or, if appropriate, we may respond directly to their request.
INFORMATION SHARED WITH OTHERS
We also may have to share information or data in order to:
Meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Enforce applicable policies, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of our users, the public or to Wonderlic and/or as required or permitted by law.
LINKS
Wonderlic’s website may use content or provide links to third party websites. Wonderlic has no control over third parties and assumes no responsibility in connection with your use of third party content or websites. We recommend that you check the terms of use and privacy policy of any website before providing any personally identifiable information.
UPDATING AND CORRECTING INFORMATION
You may correct your personal information by contacting us at support@wonderlic.com or by physical mail at the address below:
CHANGES TO THIS POLICY
Wonderlic may revise this policy from time to time. If there is a material change to this Policy, we will post the revised policy at this location. We recommend that you periodically review this Policy to be informed of how Wonderlic is protecting your information.
If you have any questions regarding this Policy, you may contact us at:
Wonderlic, Inc.
544 Lakeview Parkway
Suite 210
Vernon Hills, IL 60061
866.726.7301
We use cookies to offer you a better browsing experience and to analyze site traffic. By continuing to use our website, you consent to the use of these cookies. Got itPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are as essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
Scroll to Top