https://www.tonerstore.com/policies.html
Toner Superstore Since 1990.
Home
About Us
Privacy Policy
Our Policies
Order Tracking
Contact Us
Toggle navigation
Free Shipping on orders over $50!
Need Help? (800) 555-3150
Home
About Us
Privacy Policy
Order Tracking
Contact Us
Cart
My Account
Trusted Store
Shop By BRAND
Brother
Burroughs
Canon
Dell
Epson
HP
IBM
Konica-Minolta
Kyocera
Lexmark
Oce
Okidata
Ricoh
Samsung
Sharp
Sindoh
Source-Tech
Standard Register
Troy-Systems
Unisys
Xerox
Zebra Technologies
Other Brands
Shop By Printer
Welcome MY ACCOUNT
Log in
0 ItemsCART
Your Cart is empty.
View Cart
Checkout
Trusted Store
Can't find what your're looking for?
Ask us!
Sign up for exclusive offers and discounts!
Email Address:
Looking for Fusers, Rollers or any printer parts? Click here
Policies
PAYMENT:
Online payment is only through major credit cards: VISA, MasterCard,
Discover or American Express. Some debit cards may be acceptable.
Cards not drawn on a bank based within the USA will not and cannot
be processed.
Orders may be mailed in accompanied by check or money order and/or proper credit
card information. Purchase orders may be accepted. Please fax to 303-934-4460
We regret we no longer ship Fedex COD.
DELIVERY & TIME IN TRANSIT:
SHIPPING options range from standard Fedex Ground to Overnight within the 48 States, USA. We can ship Parcel Post {USPS}.
Alaska, Hawaii and Puerto Rico require Fedex 2DAY Air Service or USPS.
We do not ship to APOs, Canada, Mexico or Overseas
Generally, we ship same or following day from our broad stock in Arizona using Fedex ground services.
Orders received after NOON, Arizona time will process the next business morning..
Time-in-Transit varies somewhat from City to Rural areas.
East Coast:  1-3 working days
West Coast:  1-3 working days
Central:  1-3 working days
Standard ground shipping charges are a flat rate of $7.00 per order within the 48 States.
The goods shall be delivered
FOB seller.s plant, and title shall pass to buyer upon seller's delivery of the goods to a common or contract carrier for shipment to buyer.
Return & Refund Policy:
Return Of Non Defective Products
Products may be returned no questions asked for a period of 30 days, but subject to a 20% restocking fee. Products returned between 30 and 90 days are subject to 35% restocking fee. No returns will be accepted after 90 days. Products must be returned unopened and undamaged in the original packaging.
Shipping charges will not be refunded.
Contact us at (800) 555-3150 or email sales@tonerstore.com to request a return authorization.
Cartridges that have been substantially used will receive no credit. No returns will be accepted without a return authorization.
TonerStore
2640 E. Rose Garden Lane
Phoenix, AZ 85050
Return Of Defective Products
TonerStore warrants each remanufactured toner cartridge to be free of defects in both materials and workmanship for a period of one year from the date of purchase. OEM/New Original cartridges have a 90 day warranty.
Remanufactured inkjet cartridges are warranted for 60 days from the date of purchase..
TonerStore will replace any cartridge found to be defective. This warranty is contingent on the return of the
cartridge. Customers must obtain a return authorization by contacting us at (800) 555-3150. No returns of defective product will be accepted without a return authorization. Cartridges
returned under warranty that are found not to be defective in either material or workmanship will be returned "as
is" to the customer, at the customers expense. Cartridges that have been substantially used will not be replaced or returned.
TonerStore also
warrants that, subject to conditions stated below and under normal use, our
cartridges will not cause damage, abnormal wear, or deterioration to any
compatible equipment. If a defect in a TonerStore cartridge causes
equipment to fail, TonerStore will reimburse the full
amount for any resonable service and repair of the equipment. This warranty is dependent
upon the customer giving TonerStore notice of the equipment failure prior
to any repair work. Also, satisfactory evidence that the equipment failure was
due to a defect in TonerStore's cartridge must include a written statement
on the service company's letterhead, dated and signed by the company's field
service representative.
TonerStore's liability hereunder shall be limited
to replacement or reimbursement as provided above. This warranty is exclusive,
and in lieu of all other warranties, expressed or implied, including warranties
of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose.