http://www.epic.org/privacy/wiretap/calea/comments_5_20_98.html
Before the
Federal Communications Commission
Washington, D.C. 20554   In the Matter of
)
)
Communications Assistance for
)	CC Docket No. 97-213
Law Enforcement Act
)
To the Commission:
COMMENTS OF
THE ELECTRONIC PRIVACY INFORMATION CENTER, THE ELECTRONIC FRONTIER FOUNDATION AND THE AMERICAN CIVIL LIBERTIES UNION
David L. Sobel, Esq.
Marc Rotenberg, Esq.
Electronic Privacy Information Center
666 Pennsylvania Avenue, S.E.
Suite 301
Washington, D.C. 20003 Barry Steinhardt, Esq.
Electronic Frontier Foundation
1550 Bryant Street
Suite 725
San Francisco, California 94103 Steven Shapiro, Esq.
Cassidy Sehgal, Esq.
American Civil Liberties Union
125 Broad Street
New York, New York 10004
Kurt A. Wimmer
Gerard J. Waldron
Alane C. Weixel
Ellen P. Goodman
Erin Egan Covington & Burling
1201 Pennsylvania Avenue, N.W.
P.O. Box 7566
Washington, D.C. 20044-7566
202-662-6000 Attorneys for EPIC, EFF and the ACLU
Mark J. Emery
Technical Consultant
3032 Jeaninnie Anna Court
Oak Hill, Virginia 20171
May 20, 1998
SUMMARY The Electronic Privacy Information Center, the Electronic
Frontier Foundation and the American Civil Liberties Union urge
the Commission in its implementation of the Communications
Assistance for Law Enforcement Act ("CALEA") to protect the
privacy rights of American citizens by finding that the interim
standard adopted by industry and the "punchlist" proposed by the
Federal Bureau of Investigation exceed the scope of CALEA and thus
should be rejected. The Commission has a fundamental
responsibility, mandated by Congress in CALEA, to protect the
privacy interests of those using the Nation's telecommunications
system. The Commission should protect this vital interests by
commencing an independent proceeding to establish a process of
public review for all matters concerning the implementation of
CALEA. Congress has recognized that the need to protect individual
privacy from government intrusion, the heart of the Fourth
Amendment, becomes ever more critical as the means and
opportunities to invade privacy increase. Beginning with Section
605 of the Communications Act of 1934, Congress has set out clear
rules protecting the privacy of communication and limiting the
government's ability to surreptitiously intercept electronic
communications. In 1968, Congress established a framework to allow
electronic wiretapping only under the most limited circumstances.
Congress made clear in Title III of the Omnibus Crime Control and
Safe Streets Act of 1968 that wiretapping was to be an
investigative means of "last resort." The Electronic
Communications Privacy Act in 1986 extended privacy protections to
a new set of technologies such as email, cellular phones and
paging devices. Congress enacted CALEA largely in response to the FBI's concern
that new technologies could be used to thwart criminal
investigations. But, in attempting to accommodate the FBI's
concerns, CALEA also extended privacy protections to newer
technologies and required technical surveillance standards to
protect privacy. The Commission has the authority -- and, indeed,
the responsibility -- to ensure that privacy interests are
accorded the highest priority in the implementation of CALEA. As
we describe below, the role the Commission must take in protecting
the public's privacy interests are quite similar to the position
the Commission took in implementing the provisions of the
Telecommunications Act of 1996 concerning the use of customer
proprietary network information. Here, as in the CPNI proceeding,
the Commission's Congressionally mandated role is, above all, to
protect the privacy interests of the public. The Commission should find that the industry's interim standard
and the FBI Petition frustrate the privacy interests of federal
statutes and of the Fourth Amendment. We urge the Commission to
commence a proceeding that will establish appropriate standards
for the implementation of CALEA in a transparent and fair manner.
This proceeding -- unlike the industry and law enforcement
negotiations that led to the proposed "standard" -- should follow
Commission and Administrative Procedure Act requirements for
openness and public participation; such a proceeding will result
in an implementation of CALEA that is faithful to the statute's
text and history.
Before the
Federal Communications Commission
Washington, D.C. 20554   In the Matter of
)
)
Communications Assistance for
)	CC Docket No. 97-213
Law Enforcement Act
)
To the Commission:
COMMENTS OF
THE ELECTRONIC PRIVACY INFORMATION CENTER, THE ELECTRONIC FRONTIER FOUNDATION AND THE AMERICAN CIVIL LIBERTIES UNION   INTRODUCTION The Electronic Privacy Information Center ("EPIC"), the
Electronic Frontier Foundation ("EFF") and the American Civil
Liberties Union ("ACLU") urge the Commission, pursuant to the
authority established by Congress, to protect the privacy rights
of American citizens in assessing whether the capabilities sought
in the petition filed by the Federal Bureau of Investigation and
the Department of Justice (the "FBI Petition") satisfy the
requirements of the Communications Assistance for Law Enforcement
Act ("CALEA") to ensure the privacy and security of electronic
communications. /1 As we discuss in these Comments, the Commission
has a fundamental responsibility to protect the privacy interests
of those using the Nation's telecommunications system. The
Commission should protect Americans' privacy interests by finding
that the interim standard adopted by industry and the FBI's
"punchlist" exceed the scope of CALEA and thus should be rejected.
The Commission should commence an independent proceeding to
establish a process of public review for all matters concerning
the implementation of CALEA. EPIC, EFF and the ACLU are the leading public interest
organizations committed to protecting the privacy rights of
Americans that are at the core of this country's Constitutional
heritage /2 and that are firmly established in the laws governing
the use of the country's telecommunications system. As advancing
technology increases the ability of government agents to intercept
private communications, the potential threat to individual
liberties grows. Advanced telecommunications dramatically multiply
the number of private encounters that take place electronically.
Likewise, they make government surveillance of those encounters
much easier and, experience has shown, much more frequent. /3 Congress traditionally has recognized that the need to protect
individual privacy from government intrusion, the heart of the
Fourth Amendment, becomes ever more critical as the means and
opportunities to invade privacy increase. /4 Beginning with
Section 605 of the Communications Act of 1934, Congress has set
out clear rules protecting the privacy of communication and
limiting the government's ability to surreptitiously intercept
electronic communications. /5 In 1968, Congress established a
framework to allow electronic wiretapping only under the most
limited circumstances. Congress made clear in Title III of the
Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 ("Title III")
that wiretapping was to be an investigative means of "last
resort." /6 The Electronic Communications Privacy Act in 1986
("ECPA") extended privacy protections to a new set of technologies
such as email, cellular phones and paging devices. /7 Congress enacted CALEA largely in response to the FBI's concern
that new technologies could be used to thwart criminal
investigations. But, in attempting to accommodate the FBI's
concerns, CALEA also extended privacy protections to newer
technologies and required technical surveillance standards to
protect privacy. The Commission has the authority and, indeed, the
responsibility to ensure that privacy interests are accorded the
highest priority in the implementation of CALEA. /8 As we describe
below, the role the Commission must take in protecting the
public's privacy interests are quite similar to the position the
Commission took in implementing the provisions of the
Telecommunications Act of 1996 concerning the use of customer
proprietary network information. /9 Here, as in the CPNI
proceeding, the Commission's Congressionally mandated role is,
above all, to protect the privacy interests of the public. Groups dedicated to the protection of privacy expressed grave
reservations in 1994 about the potential for CALEA to be used
improperly by law enforcement to expand the scope of electronic
surveillance; with the filing of the FBI Petition, these concerns
have been realized. The Commission should find that the industry's
interim standard and the FBI Petition, if granted, would frustrate
the privacy interests of federal statutes and of the Fourth
Amendment. The FBI seeks surveillance capabilities that far exceed
the capabilities the FBI has had in the past and is entitled to
under the law. For these reasons, we urge the Commission to reject
the interim standard and the FBI Petition and commence a
proceeding that will establish appropriate standards for the
implementation of CALEA in a transparent and fair manner. This
proceeding -- unlike the industry and law enforcement negotiations
that led to the proposed "standard" -- should follow Commission
and Administrative Procedure Act requirements for openness and
public participation; such a proceeding will result in an
implementation of CALEA that is faithful to the statute's text and
history.
I. THE COMMISSION MUST ADHERE TO THE PRIVACY PROTECTIONS
AFFORDED BY THE FOURTH AMENDMENT AND CONGRESSIONAL
MANDATES.
A. The Fourth Amendment Safeguards Privacy Interests In a
Manner That Should Guide The Implementation of
CALEA.
In 1967, the Supreme Court ruled that subjects of electronic
surveillance were protected by the Fourth Amendment's restrictions
on searches and seizure. In Berger v. New York, the Court
held that lengthy, continuous or indiscriminate electronic
surveillance violated the Fourth Amendment. /10 Likewise, Katz
v. United States held that electronic surveillance was
constitutionally permissible if it were short, directed to
intercept only a few conversations, approved in advance by a
judge, and supported by a special showing of need. /11 These
holdings provide the underpinnings for both Title III and the
Commission's implementation of CALEA. Both Congress and the
Commission must be faithful to constitutional and statutory
limitations on the government's ability to design systems to
facilitate electronic surveillance.
B. Congress Consistently and Carefully Has Respected
Fourth Amendment Privacy Protections.
Responding to Berger and Katz, Congress decided
to institutionalize in federal statutes the Fourth Amendment
privacy protections to which law enforcement must adhere.
1. Title III
Title III, enacted a year after Berger and Katz,
was Congress's response in the form of national legislation to a
body of law "totally unsatisfactory in its consequences" for
privacy and justice. /12 Title III had two purposes: (1)
protecting the privacy of wire and oral communications and (2)
providing a uniform basis for authorizing law enforcement
personnel to intercept those communications. /13 "The restraint
with which [limited authority for wire tapping] was
created reflects the legitimate fears with which a free society
entertains the use of electronic surveillance." /14 Title III devoted special attention to individual privacy
concerns, in part because electronic surveillance poses greater
threats to privacy than do the physical searches and seizures that
inspired the Fourth Amendment. Electronic surveillance tends to be
indiscriminate, catching communications that may or may not even
be relevant to an investigation much less contemplated by a court
order. Electronic surveillance also tends to extend for long
stretches of time. And it is conducted surreptitiously and without
notice to the subject or to other persons participating in
electronic communications. All of these features distinguish it
from searches and seizures that must be particular and conducted
with "knock and notice." /15 To mitigate some of the more
dangerous characteristics of electronic surveillance, among other
things, Title III requires that government surveillance minimize
the interception of innocent conversations. /16 Title III's privacy safeguards in the form of particularity and
minimization requirements are derived directly from Berger.
Because eavesdropping is a broad intrusion on privacy,
"[t]he need for particularity and evidence of reliability
in the showing required when judicial authorization of a search is
sought is especially great in the case of eavesdropping." /17 The
Berger Court found that New York's eavesdropping statute
was a "blanket grant of permission . . . without adequate judicial
supervision or protective procedures." /18 Despite the state's
contention that eavesdropping was a crucially important
investigative technique, the Court refused to diminish the
importance of the Fourth Amendment for the sake of law
enforcement. /19 "Few threats to liberty exist which are greater
than that posed by the use of eavesdropping devices." /20 Taken as
a whole, Title III established an elaborate framework to minimize
the government's use of wiretapping as an investigative technique
and to ensure accountability in the execution of this
authority.
2. ECPA
In the 1980s, Congress determined that legal protection of
privacy had not kept pace with technology: "[T]he law must
advance with the technology to ensure the continued vitality of
the fourth amendment." /21 Congress concluded that without
statutory protection for rapidly expanding wireless and digital
communication technologies, such as e-mail, citizens faced the
erosion of their "precious right" of privacy. /22 Accordingly, in
1986, Congress enacted Electronic Communications Privacy Act of
1986 ("ECPA"). ECPA updated Title III by prohibiting interception and
disclosure of "electronic communications" as well as wire and oral
communications. /23 In addition to expanding privacy protection to
content carried by new communication technologies, ECPA extended
some privacy protection to transactional information generated by
communications systems. ECPA required a court order for pen
registers, which identify the numbers of outgoing calls, and for
trap and trace devices, which identify the numbers of incoming
calls. /24 In addition, ECPA prescribed rules that limited law
enforcement access to information identifying subscribers of
electronic communications services. /25
3. CALEA
Congress enacted CALEA in response to technological
developments that, according to an "informal survey" prepared by
the FBI that it refused to release to the public, /26 impeded law
enforcement's electronic surveillance capabilities. /27 But, as
the FBI recognizes, CALEA was not designed to increase law
enforcement surveillance capabilities nor otherwise to undermine
the privacy protections that make statutory surveillance
constitutional. As discussed below, CALEA, reaffirming Title III,
requires law enforcement to minimize intrusion on irrelevant
conversations. /28 As the Supreme Court has recognized, minimizing
intrusion into communications is central to the constitutionality
of wiretaps. /29 Indeed, unless government surveillance minimizes
the catch of communications, it does not satisfy the particularity
requirements of the Fourth Amendment. /30 CALEA did not change the
direction of federal protection of privacy interests and
limitations on law-enforcement surveillance activities; rather, it
continued on the same course of seeking to meet the limited and
targeted needs of law enforcement while accomplishing the
overriding need to protect the constitutional rights of the
American public. Like ECPA, CALEA deals with the confrontation between new
technology and established privacy interests. Courts often have
been called on to address traditional privacy and Fourth Amendment
issues in connection with new technologies. For example, in
Brown v. Waddell, /31 the Fourth Circuit held that a
digital display pager clone was not a pen register within the
meaning of ECPA. /32 Thus, according to the court, pager clone
interception of numeric messages intended for the suspect's
digital display pager was an unauthorized interception of
electronic communications pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 2511. /33
In a similar effort to protect privacy interests, the court in
In re Application of U.S. for Order Authorizing Use of Cellular
Telephone Digital Analyzer, /34 analyzed a federal
prosecutor's proposed order for using the digital analyzer under
the statutes governing the use of pen registers and trap and trace
devices. /35 The court concluded that the proposed order was
deficient because it did not limit the digital analyzer's use to
the court's jurisdiction. /36 And, to the extent that a digital
analyzer is analogous to a pen register, the court determined that
the order did not ensure the accountability that the statute
demands for the use of a pen register. /37 The Commission should, as Congress has, provide privacy
protections that withstand the evolution of new technology and, as
many courts have, construe law enforcement's surveillance
authority narrowly with respect to new technologies. The
Commission should ensure that its rules implementing CALEA
minimize intrusion on individual privacy and do not permit
law-enforcement interests to overwhelm the privacy interests that
also must be weighed heavily in the balance.
II. THE COMMISSION IS OBLIGATED TO UPHOLD CALEA'S STRICT
PRIVACY PROTECTIONS.
CALEA continues the tradition of enforcing privacy rights in
the face of technological innovation and development. Adhering to
the values embodied in the Fourth Amendment, CALEA seeks to
protect the American public's communications privacy to the
greatest extent possible while, at the same time, to provide for
legitimate law enforcement needs. The Commission is obligated to
follow the balance that Congress sought to strike between these
twin goals.
A. CALEA Preserves And Expands Bedrock Privacy
Principles.
In adopting CALEA, Congress sought to further three interests:
the legitimate surveillance needs of law enforcement; the American
public's right to privacy and the desire to foster technological
innovation. /38 To balance these objectives, Congress imposed
several limitations on the ability of law enforcement to intercept
communications and expanded the privacy protections inherent in
the ECPA. CALEA imposes four requirements on the telecommunications
industry. Three of the requirements are intended to preserve law
enforcement's surveillance capabilities and the fourth, equally
important, is intended to uphold the privacy interests of the
American public. Specifically, carriers must ensure that their
facilities are capable of: (1) expeditiously isolating and
enabling law enforcement to intercept call content; (2)
expeditiously isolating and enabling the government to access
reasonably available "call-identifying information;" (3)
delivering intercepted communications and call-identifying
information to the government in a format that allows them to be
transmitted to a law enforcement listening facility; and (4) doing
all of the above three functions "in a manner that protects ...
the privacy and security of communications and call-identifying
information not authorized to be intercepted" and the
confidentiality of the interception. See 47 U.S.C.
1002(a)(1)-(4). CALEA thus requires telecommunications carriers to safeguard
the privacy of communications and call-identifying data not
authorized to be intercepted. In a further effort to protect
privacy interests, CALEA prohibits law enforcement from using pen
register devices for tracking purposes, /39 and improves the
privacy of mobile phone communications. /40 The statute also
expands the privacy protections of the ECPA in the area of
cordless telephones and certain radio-based telecommunications.
/41 Most importantly, as the legislative history establishes, CALEA
advances privacy protections by limiting the surveillance
capabilities of law enforcement. /42 Congress recognized that "as
the potential intrusiveness of technology increases, it is
necessary to ensure that government surveillance authority is
clearly defined and appropriately limited." /43
B. The Commission Is Obligated To Protect Privacy
Interests, Much As
It Has Done In Connection With Limitations on Use of
CPNI.
Congress could have placed full responsibility for
implementation of CALEA squarely on the shoulders of the
Department of Justice or the FBI. It chose not to do so. Its
choice was to place an independent regulatory agency at the
intersection of law enforcement and industry positions ñ
not only to mediate between these groups but also to protect the
privacy interests of the American public. As the structure and
history of CALEA clearly provide, Congress intended the Commission
to review the adequacy of the technical standards developed
pursuant to CALEA and ensure that privacy interests of Americans
would be protected. Section 107(b), entitled Commission Authority,
states:
If industry associations or standard-setting organizations
fail to issue technical requirements or standards or if
Government agency or any other person believes that such
requirements or standards are deficient, the agency or person
may petition the Commission to establish, by rule, technical or
requirements or standards that . . . (2) protect the privacy
and security of communications not authorized to be
intercepted. /44
The Commission's role was an integral part of the structure
that Congress intended to create in enacting CALEA. The report
from the House Judiciary Committee states:
H.R. 4922 includes provisions, which the FBI Director Freeh
supported in his testimony, that add protections to the
exercise of the government's current surveillance authority.
Specifically, the bill -- . . . 4. Allows any person, including
public interest groups, to petition the FCC for review of
standards implementing wiretap capability requirements, and
provides that one factor for judging those standards is whether
they protect the privacy of communications not authorized to be
intercepted. /45
Similarly, Section 109 of CALEA directs the Commission to
address privacy issues that may arise when implementing the
statute's terms:
The Commission, on petition from a telecommunications
carrier or any other interested person, and after notice to the
Attorney General, shall determine whether compliance with the
assistance capability requirements of section 103 is reasonably
achievable with respect to any equipment, facility or service
installed or deployed after January 1, 1995. . . . In making
such determination, the Commission shall . . . consider the
following factors: . . . The need to protect the privacy and
security of communications not authorized to be intercepted.
/46
In adopting CALEA, Congress recognized the dangers to privacy
interests inherent in its mandate to facilitate limited electronic
surveillance. To ensure that the needs of law enforcement are
appropriately balanced against the values of privacy, Congress
authorized the Commission to regulate the ways in which the
nation's telecommunications systems can assist the government in
preserving the privacy needs of the American public and the
surveillance needs of law enforcement. And indeed, this proceeding
before the Commission is the first time during the implementation
of CALEA that privacy interests have been fully represented. The role given to the Commission under CALEA as the guardian of
privacy interests in not a new role for the Commission. The
Commission has often found itself as the referee in conflicts
involving consumer privacy concerns. One of the most recent of
such conflicts involved telecommunications carriers' use of
customer proprietary network information ("CPNI"). CPNI includes
information that is extremely personal to telecommunications
customers, such as to whom, where, and when a customer places a
call, as well as to which telecommunications services a customer
subscribes and the extent to which those services are used. /47
This information is also commercially valuable to
telecommunications carriers. In the Telecommunications Act of 1996 (the "1996 Act"),
Congress established a new framework which balances customer
privacy interests with carriers' interests in utilizing CPNI for
marketing purposes. /48 In adopting regulations implementing the
CPNI privacy provisions, the Commission's goal was to clarify the
balance established by Congress. The Commission further found that
states could not adopt regulations inconsistent with the
Commission's CPNI implementing regulations. The Commission
concluded that Congress sought to strike an appropriate balance
between customer privacy interests and carriers' interests in
utilizing CPNI. State regulations that expand carriers' abilities
to use CPNI would upset Congress' balance and accordingly must be
preempted (just as state restrictions that place greater burdens
on carriers must be preempted as well). /49 A similar respect for
the balance struck by Congress is appropriate here.
III. CALEA WAS NARROWLY DRAWN TO REMEDY
ENUMERATED FBI COMPLAINTS, NOT TO EXTEND LAW ENFORCEMENT'S
GENERAL SURVEILLANCE AUTHORITY.
A. Congress Intended to Preserve, Not Enhance, Law
Enforcement Surveillance Capabilities.
In adopting CALEA, Congress emphasized that the statute's
capability assistance requirements would serve as "both a floor
and a ceiling" on government surveillance demands. /50 Congress
acted to protect privacy interests by refusing to permit the FBI
the authority it sought over the implementation of CALEA, by
delegating implementation authority to the Commission, and by
enacting explicit privacy protections. To guarantee that
surveillance is not expanded, CALEA requires telecommunications
carriers to protect user privacy and security of information they
are not authorized to intercept. Further, Congress directed
industry, law enforcement and the Commission "to narrowly
interpret" the requirements of CALEA. /51 Congress made clear that CALEA was not intended to provide new
surveillance capabilities but to maintain the ability of law
enforcement to gain access to information permitted in the analog
world under Title III. Indeed, the FBI agreed with this goal
during the legislative process. During the hearings which lead to
the enactment of CALEA, the FBI testified that it "was not seeking
any expansion of the authority Congress gave to law enforcement
when the wiretapping law was enacted. . . ." /52 In its Petition,
the FBI acknowledged that CALEA was designed "'to preserve the
status quo.'" /53 Indeed, the sole evidence Congress had before it
when it enacted CALEA was an FBI "informal survey" of some "183
instances" in which electronic surveillance allegedly was
frustrated by new technology. These "instances" do not mirror the
expanded capabilities the FBI now is seeking in its Petition -- of
the 183 examples, 54 dealt with cellular port capacity; 33 dealt
with inability to capture dialed digits contemporaneously with
audio; 20 dealt with speed dialing, voice dialing or call waiting;
10 dealt with call forwarding; 12 dealt with voice mail; and 42
dealt with various technologies such as call-back. /54 Thus, there is no disagreement that CALEA was designed to
preserve the existing statutory and constitutional accommodation
between law enforcement's surveillance needs and privacy
interests. /55 CALEA "was intended to provide law enforcement no
more and no less access to information than it had in the past."
/56 Accordingly, CALEA may not be used by the FBI to expand law
enforcement's surveillance capabilities.
B. The FBI Seeks to Enhance Law Enforcement
Surveillance Capabilities.
Through its participation in the industry standard-setting
procedure and now this proceeding, the FBI has attempted to use
CALEA to expand law enforcement surveillance capabilities. In a
surprising turnabout from its position before Congress, the FBI
Petition now claims that CALEA authorizes it to expanded
surveillance capacities:
Section 103 does not restrict this obligation to the
communications and call-identifying information that were
accessible in the pre-digital era. More generally, the language
and legislative history of CALEA make clear that Congress
intended for the electronic surveillance capabilities of law
enforcement to keep pace with technological developments in the
telecommunications industry. As technological changes have made
possible new communications services, new information is
generated regarding the use of such services by subscribers.
Law enforcement cannot preserve the status quo in a meaningful
sense unless it is able to obtain such information and thereby
keep the pace with the evolution of services and technologies.
/57
This view is, in a word, wrong. At most, the FBI's surveillance
capabilities in the digital environment are limited to the
capabilities possible in the analog environment. As we discuss in
more detail below, the process by which the "standard" was adopted
was largely closed to groups dedicated to protecting privacy
rights; it is not surprising, then, that the resulting proposal
for a standard would insufficiently guard these rights. The scope
of these efforts make it clear that both the FBI "punch list" and
the proposed industry "standard" are entirely deficient and should
simply be rejected. /58 Simply put, the enhanced surveillance
features sought through the "punch list" features are the result
of an expansive view of the statute by the FBI; such a reading is
contrary to the text, structure and history of CALEA as well as
the historic limitations imposed by Title III and the Fourth
Amendment. 1. Location Tracking Information The most obvious example of the FBI's efforts to expand law
enforcement surveillance capabilities under the guise of CALEA is
the requirement that wireless service providers have location
tracking capabilities for law enforcement purposes. During the
industry standard-setting procedure, carriers acquiesced to the
FBI's request that cellular, PCS and other wireless service
providers provide information to law enforcement on the location
of wireless telephone users. Wireless service providers will have
the capability to provide this location information as a result of
implementing the location tracking requirements for enhanced 911
services. /59 That industry will have the capability to identify a
mobile telephone user's location does not mean, of course, that
law enforcement is therefore entitled to this information. /60 The
Commission has an independent statutory obligation to not "rubber
stamp" industry-law enforcement agreements. Rather, it must
evaluate whether the elements of such an agreement are authorized
by CALEA. The Commission must perform this statutory duty by
independently assessing the law and the facts and not by accepting
uncritically the views of any party submitting comments
(regardless of the identity of the party). As the FBI has acknowledged, CALEA was not intended to provide
law enforcement with access to new surveillance
capabilities that now exist as a result of technological
developments. Rather, it was intended solely to allow law
enforcement continued access to traditional surveillance
capabilities despite technological changes. There is no question
that location-tracking information is a new surveillance
capability. It was not available to law enforcement at the time
CALEA was enacted. And indeed, the legislative history of CALEA
makes clear that location-tracking capability is not a requirement
of the statute. The report by the House Judiciary Commission
expressly states that CALEA "requires telecommunications carriers
to ensure that their systems have the capability to . . . (2)
Isolate expeditiously information identifying the originating and
destination number of targeted communications, but not the
physical location of targets[.]" /61 Further, during
hearings that preceded the enactment of CALEA, the FBI
acknowledged that CALEA did not mandate that carriers provide
location-tracking information. FBI Director Freeh testified that
call setup information:
does not include any information that might disclose the
general location of a mobile facility or service, beyond that
associated with the area code or exchange of the facility or
service. There is no intent whatsoever, with reference to this
term, to acquire anything that could properly be called
"tracking" information. /62
All parties agree that CALEA was intended merely to maintain
the status quo and not to expand law enforcement surveillance
capabilities. As such, the requirements of CALEA cannot include
that wireless services carriers provide location-tracking
information to law enforcement. It also bears noting that there may be non-telecommunications
methods by which law enforcement can obtain location-tracking
information from a particular suspect in a particular
surveillance. Most obviously, of course, it can track the suspect
simply by following her. It also can use a tracking technology
that does not involve telecommunications, such as a global
positioning satellite system. We are not expert in law enforcement
and assume that those who are experts in surveillance can list a
dozen other techniques for locating a suspect. This does not mean
that the values to be protected by CALEA are any less vital, but
that legitimate protection of these interests will not threaten
law enforcement.
2. Conference Calls
The FBI also seeks to expand the surveillance capabilities of
law enforcement with regard to conference calls. Specifically, the
FBI has requested that the Commission require carriers to provide
law enforcement with the capability to monitor a conference call
set up by the target subscriber even after that subscriber has
ended his participation. /63 For example, where law enforcement is
authorized to monitor's A's communications facilities, and A
initiates a conference call with B and C and A later hangs up, the
FBI wants the capability to continue monitoring any continuing
communications between B and C. The FBI acknowledges that this
would be an expansion of law enforcement's current capabilities,
but nonetheless maintains that it falls under the obligations of
CALEA. /64 Section 103(a)(1) of CALEA requires carriers to provide law
enforcement with "all wire and electronic communications carried
by the carrier . . . to or from equipment, facilities or services
of a subscriber . . . ." /65 The FBI contends, without providing
any support, that a conference call continues to be carried by the
subscriber's facilities and supported by the subscriber's service
even when the subscriber has hung up. /66 The FBI notes that the
target subscriber need not be on the line in order for law
enforcement to intercept a communication occurring over the
subscriber's facilities. This is true, but the communication must
be occurring over the subscriber's facilities. Once the subscriber
has terminated the call, or placed the other party on hold, his
communications facilities are no longer in use. That the
subscriber initiated the call is irrelevant. /67 The FBI's proposed interpretation of CALEA would violate all
principles of minimization and likely would lead to an
unconstitutional result. Once again, it bears noting that a proper
interpretation of CALEA here will not hamstring law enforcement.
If additional members on a conference call are legitimate targets
of an investigation in and of themselves, law enforcement will be
free to seek prior authorization to use electronic surveillance of
their communications that meets with the standards of the Fourth
Amendment and CALEA. But what law enforcement cannot do is expand
the scope of a single search warrant to touch upon unrelated and
unnamed parties when the subject and his or her facilities are not
engaged in covered communications under the guise of claiming that
such an expansion is technologically mandated.   3. Packet
Switching The FBI seeks to obtain the full content of customer
communications from carriers using packet switching even when the
government is only authorized to intercept addressing or signaling
data. The FBI contends that the government would sift through the
data and heed only what it has authority to intercept. Not only
does this violate the "minimization" requirement of the Fourth
Amendment and Title III, but it explicitly violates Section
103(a)(4) of CALEA, which requires the carriers to protect
communications not authorized to be intercepted. It also is based
on an unrealistic assumption that law enforcement would impose
severe self-restraint in processing the information. As one
scholar has noted: "in the absence of market discipline, there is
no presumption that the government will strike an appropriate
balance between disclosure and confidentiality. And the enormous
power of the government makes the potential consequences of its
snooping far more ominous than those of . . . a private individual
or firm." /68 Congress was concerned with a blurring of the distinction
between call-identifying data and call content. Accordingly, it
included in CALEA an amendment to the pen register statute to
require law enforcement when executing a pen register to use
equipment "that restricts the recording or decoding of electronic
or other impulses to the dialing and signaling information
utilized in call processing." /69 These provisions mean that
carriers have an obligation to withhold from law enforcement the
content of communications when the government has only pen
register authority to intercept dialing or addressing information.
They also show that Congress meant to limit call-identifying
information to mean "dialing and signaling information utilized in
call processing," placing many other items on the FBI's
"punchlist" outside the scope of CALEA.
4. Signaling
Information The FBI seeks to sweep within the definition of
"call-identifying information" other types of signaling
information that fall outside the scope of CALEA. The legislative
history clarifies that call-identifying information is limited to
"electronic pulses, audio tones, or signaling messages that
identify the numbers dialed or otherwise transmitted for the
purpose of routing calls through the telecommunications carrier's
network." /70 The legislative history further clarifies that in
pen register investigations, call-identifying information refers
to the pulses, tones or messages that "identify the numbers dialed
from the facility that is the subject of the court order . . . ."
/71 In trap and trace investigations, call-signaling information
refers to incoming pulses, tones or messages that "identify the
originating number of the facility from which the call was placed
and which are captured when directed to the facility that is the
subject of the court order . . . ." /72 To emphasize that
call-signaling information is limited to pulses and tones that
identify incoming or outgoing phone numbers, Congress further
stated that "[o]ther dialing tones that may be generated
by the sender that are used to signal customer premises equipment
of the recipient are not to be treated as call-identifying
information." /73 The FBI seeks to expand the definition of call-signaling
information beyond the signals and tones initiating a call to
include signal and tones used "to manipulate the call." /74 For
example, the FBI requests that carriers be required to notify law
enforcement when the subject has pressed the flash hook indicating
call waiting or the placing of a party on hold. /75 The FBI also
wants carriers to provide party hold, party join and party drop
messages. As these signaling tones do not identify the telephone
number dialed by the subject subscriber or the telephone numbers
of incoming calls to the subject subscriber, they exceed the scope
of CALEA. "In pen register investigations, these pulses, tones or
messages identify the numbers dialed from the facility that is the
subject of the court order . . . Other dialing tones that may be
generated by the sender that are used to signal customer premises
equipment of the recipient are not to be treated as
call-identifying information." /76 The FBI also seeks information from carriers on
post-cut-through dialing. This occurs, for example, after a
subject subscriber had dialed an 800-number to reach a long
distance provider and then after the cut-through (the completion
of the call to the long distance provider) dials the telephone
number of the party being called. For pen registers, the local
exchange or wireless carrier registers the numbers dialed to the
long distance provider as the call-identifying information. Digits
dialed after the competition of the call to, for example, the long
distance provider are treated the same as content of the call. The digits dialed after the completion of the call to the long
distance provider are treated by the long distance provider as
call-identifying information. Accordingly, if law enforcement
wishes to obtain this information, it is obligated to serve the
long distance provider with a pen register order. Post-cut-through
dialing is not call-identifying information for the local exchange
or mobile service provider, and CALEA does not require such
carriers to provide post-cut-through dialing information to law
enforcement. The FBI is simply overreaching in claiming that law enforcement
is entitled to the enhanced capabilities sought by the FBI
Petition, as the legislative history of CALEA makes clear:
The bill is not intended to guarantee "one-stop shopping"
for law enforcement. The question of which communications are
in a carrier's control will depend on the design of the service
or feature at issue, which the legislation does not purport to
dictate. If, for example, a forwarded call reaches the system
of the subscriber's carrier, that carrier is responsible for
isolating the communication for interception purposes. However,
if an advanced intelligent network directs the communication to
a different carrier, the subscriber's carrier only has the
responsibility . . . to ensure that law enforcement can
identify the new service provider handling the
communication.
The FBI's Petition should be denied.
IV. THE COMMISSION ITSELF SHOULD ESTABLISH THE STANDARDS
BY WHICH CALEA WILL BE IMPLEMENTED.
The proceedings leading up to the "industry standard" and the
FBI's demand for its "punch list" were effectively closed to
non-law enforcement and non-telecommunications industry
participants. Those concerned exclusively with protecting the
public's vital interest in the right to privacy -- including EPIC,
EFF and ACLU -- did not have an effective voice in those
proceedings. As is the case with virtually all closed proceedings,
the result was unreliable. Public participation in administrative
proceedings is crucially important not only because the public
deserves a voice in the implementation of its laws, but also
because the broadest diversity of viewpoint will lead to the
greatest range of options and ensure that valuable ideas are not
arbitrarily excluded. This did not occur in the past proceedings,
but certainly should in future proceedings. To ensure that CALEA is implemented in a manner that is
faithful to Congress' true intent in crafting the statute, we
recommend that the Commission commence a new rulemaking
proceeding. /77 This proceeding should deal de novo with
the specific issue of what technological items are appropriately
covered by CALEA. It should follow traditional Commission and
Administrative Procedure Act mandates for transparency and
openness applicable to all parties submitting petitions or
comments to the Commission. If panels of experts are used to
inform the process, any meetings of such experts should be
noticed, open and all parties -- not just the industry and
law enforcement -- should have the right to specify experts to
serve on such panels. Such a procedure will result in a full record and a fair
result. Implementation of CALEA is just as important to the polity
as implementation of the Telecommunications Act of 1996, which has
been accomplished "on the record" with a highly developed factual
and legal basis. /78 Protection of privacy rights deserves the
same procedural protections as implementation of competition in
telecommunications markets. We urge the Commission to deny the FBI
Petition, reject the industry "standard" and commence a proceeding
independently to craft the true standards that will be used to
implement CALEA. CONCLUSION The FBI Petition represents an invitation to the Commission
impermissibly to expand the scope of CALEA. We urge the Commission
to reject this invitation. Justice Brandeis set out with clarity
some 70 years ago the scope of the interests at stake today:
The evil incident to invasion of the privacy of the
telephone is far greater than that involved in tampering with
the mails. Whenever a telephone line is tapped, the privacy of
the persons at both ends of the line is invaded, and all
conversations between them upon any subject, and although
proper, confidential, and privileged, may be overheard.
Moreover, the tapping of a man's telephone line involves the
tapping the telephone line of every other person whom he may
call, or who may call him. As a means of espionage, writs of
assistance and general warrants are but puny instruments of
tyranny and oppression when compared with wiretapping. /79
These interests are too important to the American public to be
held hostage to a standard established in a closed proceeding
between law enforcement and the industry. Rather, these interests
deserve to be protected in an open and fair proceeding initiated
by the independent regulatory agency that Congress entrusted with
this crucial role. We urge the Commission to reject the FBI
Petition and commence a full and open rulemaking proceeding to
implement CALEA without reference to the previous agreements among
industry and law enforcement.
David L. Sobel, Esq.
Marc Rotenberg, Esq.
Electronic Privacy Information Center
666 Pennsylvania Avenue, S.E.
Suite 301
Washington, D.C. 20003 Barry Steinhardt, Esq.
Electronic Frontier Foundation
1550 Bryant Street
Suite 725
San Francisco, California 94103 Steven Shapiro, Esq.
Cassidy Sehgal, Esq.
American Civil Liberties Union
125 Broad Street
New York, New York 10004
Respectfully submitted, Kurt A. Wimmer
Gerard J. Waldron
Alane C. Weixel
Ellen P. Goodman
Erin Egan Covington & Burling
1201 Pennsylvania Avenue, N.W.
P.O. Box 7566
Washington, D.C. 20044-7566
202-662-6000 Attorneys for EPIC, EFF and the ACLU
Mark J. Emery
Technical Consultant
3032 Jeaninnie Anna Court
Oak Hill, Virginia 20171
May 20, 1998
Footnotes 1 In the Matter of Communications Assistance for Law
Enforcement Act, CC Docket No. 97-213, Public Notice, DA 98-726
(April 20, 1998). 2 "Privacy is not just one possible means among others to
insure some other value, but . . . it is necessarily related to
ends and relations of the most fundamental sort: respect, love,
friendship and trust. Privacy is not merely a good technique for
furthering these fundamental relations; rather without privacy
they are simply inconceivable." Fried, Privacy, 77 Yale L.J. 475,
477 (1968). 3 In the past 10 years, the number of interceptions per year
has more than doubled. See Administrative Office of the U.S.
Courts, 1996 Wiretap Report for the Period January 1 through
December 31, 1996 (April 1997). Reports demonstrate that: * the use of electronic surveillance for criminal and
national security investigations have increased substantially;
* court orders for electronic surveillance by state and
federal agencies for criminal purposes also increased, from
1058 in 1995 to 1150 in 1996 (a nine percent increase); * for the first time in eight years, a court denied a
surveillance application; * extensions of surveillance orders increased from 834 to
887. In all, interceptions were in effect for a total of 43,635 days
in 1996. The vast majority of interceptions continued to occur in
drug-related cases: 71.4 percent (821 total) for drug
investigations; 9.9 percent (114) for gambling; 9.1 percent (105)
for racketeering; 3.5 percent (41) for homicide and assault and a
few each for bribery, kidnapping, larceny and theft, and
loansharking. No orders were issued for "arson, explosives, and
weapons" investigations. This increased quantity of electronic
surveillance is, moreover, relatively inefficient. Overall, 2.2
million conversations were captured in 1996. Prosecutors deemed a
total of 1.7 million intercepted conversations not
"incriminating". Each interception resulted in the capture of an
average of 1,969 conversations. Prosecutors reported that on
average, 422 (21.4 percent) of the conversations were
"incriminating." Federal intercepts were particularly inefficient,
with only 15.6 percent of the intercepted conversations reported
as "incriminating." 4 H. R. Rep. No. 99-647 at 18 (1986) ("Today, we have
large-scale electronic mail operations, cellular and cordless
telephones, paging devices, miniaturized transmitters for radio
surveillance, and a dazzling array of digitized information
networks which were little more than concepts two decades ago.
Unfortunately, the same technologies that hold such promise for
the future also enhance the risk that our communications will be
intercepted by either private parties or the government."). 5 See 47 U.S.C. § 705 ("No person not being authorized by
the sender shall intercept any radio communication and divulge or
publish the existence, contents, substance, purport, effect or
meaning of such intercepted communication to any person"). 6 See generally E. Lapidus, EAVESDROPPING ON TRIAL (1974).
Congress enacted Title III of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe
Streets Act, Pub. L. No. 90-351. tit. III, 82 Stat. 212 (codified
as amended at 18 U.S.C. §§ 2510-2522 (1996)), in part to
protect the privacy of communication from the abuse of electronic
surveillance techniques made possible by technological advances:
The tremendous scientific and technological developments that have
taken place in the last century have made possible today the
widespread use and abuse of electronic surveillance techniques. As
a result of these developments, privacy of communication is
seriously jeopardized by these techniques of surveillance. Senate
Committee on the Judiciary, Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets
Act of 1967, S. Rep. No. 90-1097, at 67 (1968). 7 Electronic Communications Privacy Act of 1986, Pub. L. No.
99-508, 100 Stat. 1848 (1986) (codified at 18 U.S.C. §§
2510-2521, 2701-2710, 3121-3126) (hereinafter "ECPA"). 8 47 U.S.C. § 1006. 9 See Implementation of the Telecommunications act of 1996;
Telecommunications Carriers' Use of Customer Proprietary Network
Information and Other Customer Information, CC Docket No. 96-115,
Second Report and Order and Further Notice of Proposed Rulemaking,
FCC 98-27, para. 2 (February 26, 1998). 10 388 U.S. 41 (1967). 11 389 U.S. 347 (1967). 12 S. Rep. No. 90-1097 at 69 (1968). 13 Id. at 66. 14 United States v. Kalustian, 529 F.2d 585, 588 (9th Cir.
1976). 15 See Richards v. Wisconsin, 117 S. Ct. 1416 (1997). 16 18 U.C.S. § 2518(5). In addition, surveillance must be,
inter alia, for limited periods of time, for specified crimes, and
only as a last resort. See 18 U.S.C. § 2518 (3). 17 Berger v. New York, 388 U.S. 41, 56 (1967). 18 Id. at 59. 19 Id. at 62 ("[W]e cannot forgive the requirements of
the Fourth Amendment in the name of law enforcement."). 20 Berger, 388 U.S. at 63. 21 S. Rep. No. 99-541 at 5 (1986). 22 Id. 23 18 U.S.C. § 2511(1). 24 18 U.S.C. §§ 3121-3122. 25 18 U.S.C. § 2703. 26 See Electronic Privacy Information Center v. Federal Bureau
of Investigation, 865 F. Supp. 1 (D.D.C. 1994) ("In lobbying for
the new wiretapping law, the FBI chose to only release a summary"
of the survey). 27 See Testimony of Louis J. Freeh, Director, Federal Bureau of
Investigation, Digital Telephony and Law Enforcement Access to
Advanced Telecommunications Technologies and Services: Joint
Hearings on H.R. 4922 and S. 2374, Before the Subcommittee on
Technology and the Law, the Senate Committee on the Judiciary, the
Subcommittee on Civil and Constitutional Rights, and the House
Committee on the Judiciary, 103rd Cong. 6 (1994) (hereinafter
"CALEA Hearings"). 28 See Section 103(a)(4). 29 See Berger v. New York, 388 U.S. 41, 63 (finding that a
warrant or statute can be drawn to meet Fourth Amendment
requirements when eavesdropping is permitted in only "the most
precise and discriminate circumstances."). 30 See id.. at 55 (The Fourth Amendment commands that a warrant
issue not only upon probable cause supported by oath or
affirmation, but also "particularity describing the place to be
searched and the persons or things to be seized."). 31 50 F.3d 285 (4th Cir. 1995). 32 Id. at 294. 33 Id. 34 885 F. Supp. 197 (C.D. Cal. 1995). 35 Id. at 200-01. 36 Section 3123(b) requires that an order state the number and,
if known, the physical location of the telephone line to which the
pen register or trap and trace device is to be attached. 18 U.S.C.
§ 3123(b)(1)(C). 37 885 F. Supp. at 201. 38 H.R. Rep. No. 103-827, pt. 1, at 13 (1994) ("Therefore, the
bill seeks to balance three key policies: "(1) to preserve a
narrowly focused capability for law enforcement agencies to carry
out properly authorized intercepts; (2) to protect privacy in the
face of increasingly powerful and personally revealing
technologies; and (3) to avoid impeding the development of new
communications services and technologies."). 39 See 47 U.S.C. § 1002(a)(2). 40 See Public Law No. 103-414, § 206 (expanding criminal
penalties for stealing service from legitimate users). 41 See Public Law No. 103-414, §§ 202, 203; See H.R.
Rep. No. 103-827, at 10 ("S. 2375 also expands privacy and
security protection for telephone and computer
communications."). 42 See H.R. Rep. No. 103-827, at 18 ("It is also important,
from a privacy standpoint, to recognize that the scope of the
legislation has been greatly narrowed."); id., at 22 ("The
committee intends the assistance requirements in [CALEA]
to be both a floor and a ceiling."); id., at 23 ("The committee
urges against overbroad interpretation of the requirements. . . .
The committee expects industry, law enforcement and the FCC to
narrowly interpret the requirements."). 43 H.R. Rep. No. 103-827, at 17. 44 47 U.S.C. § 1006. 45 H.R. Rep. No. 103-827 at 17-18. 46 47 U.S.C. 1008(b)(1). 47 Implementation of the Telecommunications act of 1996;
Telecommunications Carriers' Use of Customer Proprietary Network
Information and Other Customer Information, CC Docket No. 96-115,
Second Report and Order and Further Notice of Proposed Rulemaking,
FCC 98-27, para. 2 (February 26, 1998) ("CPNI Order"). 48 The Telecommunications Act of 1996, Pub. L. No. 104-104, 110
Stat. 56 (1996), codified at 47 U.S.C. § 222. 49 CPNI Order, para. 18. 50 H. R. Rep. No. 103-827 at 22. 51 Id. at 23. 52 CALEA Hearings, Testimony of Director Freeh, at 6. See also
CALEA Hearings, Testimony of Director Freeh, at 10 ("We are not
asking [Congress] to expand the authority that we have to
do wiretapping."); at 16 ("The proposed legislation explicitly
states that the legislation does not enlarge or reduce the
government's authority to lawfully conduct court-ordered
electronic surveillance and install or use court-ordered pen
register or trap and trace devices."); and at 29 ("[T]he
proposed legislation does not seek to expand the current laws
authorizing the interception of wire or electronic communications.
To the contrary, this proposal simply seeks to maintain law
enforcement's ability to conduct the types of surveillance
currently authorized [under wiretap laws]."). 53 FBI Petition at 16 (quoting H.R. Rep. 103-827, at 22). 54 H.R. Rep. 103-827 at 22. 55 "Some may claim that without the use of
[eavesdropping] devices crime detection in certain areas
may suffer some delays since eavesdropping is quicker, easier and
more certain. However, techniques and practices may well be
developed that will operate just as speedily and certainly and -
what is more important - without attending illegality." Berger,
388 U.S. at 63. 56 Id. 57 FBI Petition, para. 45. 58 This section addresses only those items in the industry
standard and the FBI's punch list that pose the greatest risks to
privacy. The decision not to address all requirements included in
the industry standard and the FBI's punch list should not be read
as condoning those requirements not discussed. 59 Revision of the Commission's Rules to Ensure Compatibility
with Enhanced 911 Emergency Calling, Report & Order and
Further Notice of Proposed Rulemaking, 11 FCC Rcd. 18676 (1996),
modified in part on reconsideration, Memorandum Opinion and Order,
12 FCC Rcd. 22665 (1997). It is not surprising that the
telecommunications industry would consider agreement with law
enforcement on a technology that it was providing for other
purposes - industry thus could "give" an item to law enforcement
without incurring a separate cost (and, indeed, could obtain
funding for technology required for Enhanced 911 service as well).
But the critical analysis is not whether the parties have agreed
to this item but whether, as a matter of statutory construction,
location information is meant to fall within the parameters of
CALEA. It is clear that it does not. 60 This also highlights the importance of the role given to the
Commission to protect privacy interests. Industry likely acceded
to the FBI's request for location tracking information because
wireless carriers were already implementing this capability for
enhanced 911 purposes. In other words, the industry would not have
to incur additional costs to provide location information to law
enforcement. The industry was not focused on limiting the reach of
CALEA or protecting privacy concerns. 61 H.R. Rep. No. 103-827 at 16 (emphasis added). 62 Digital Telephone and Law Enforcement Access To Advanced
Telecommunications Technologies and Services: Joint Hearings on
H.R. 4922 and S. 2375 Before the Subcommittee on Technology and
the Law of the Senate Committee on the Judiciary and the
Subcommittee on Civil and Constitutional Rights of the House
Committee on the Judiciary, 103d Cong. 29 (1994). 63 See FBI Petition at 27. 64 FBI Petition at 30. 65 47 U.S.C. § 1002(a)(1). 66 FBI Petition at 32. 67 When a subscriber initiates a conference call, a "conference
bridge" is allocated to the conversation from a "pool" of similar
bridges. These bridges are shared by all subscribers of conference
calling service. The "subscriber facility" is the connection
between the phone and the subscriber side port of the carrier's
switch. Beyond that, only shared resources are used, and thus the
law enforcement authority with authority to monitor only the
subject's conversation is not permitted to trace conversations on
those facilities once the subscriber disconnects. The fact that
the law enforcement authority hears three parties on a
conversation of a tapped line is a function of all the
conversations appearing on the targets side of the bridge, not
that the law enforcement authority is actually in the middle of
the bridge. If the target disconnects, his or her facility also is
disconnected; thus, the law enforcement authority has no
connection to the conference call bridge. 68 Posner, The Uncertain Protection of Privacy by the Supreme
Court, 1979 Sup. Ct. Rev. 173, 176. 69 Section 207(b), codified at 18 U.S.C. 3121(c). (The wiretap
laws set a much higher standard for government access to call
content than to dialing information, allowing access to the latter
upon a mere assertion of relevance to an ongoing
investigation.) 70 H.R. Rep. No. 103-827 at 21. 71 Id. 72 Id. 73 Id. 74 FBI Petition at 36. 75 FBI Petition at 34. 76 See H.R. Rep. No. 103-827 at 21. 77 The legislative history of CALEA supports this proposal.
"The FCC may also define the assistance obligations of the
telecommunications carriers . . . This section is also intended to
add openness and accountability to the process of finding
solutions to intercept problems. Any FCC decision on a standard
for compliance with the bill must be made publicly." 78 The FBI, therefore, should be obligated to file with the
Secretary a summary of any meetings it holds with the Commission's
staff. 79 Olmstead v. United States, 277 U.S. 438 (1928).
Return
to the EPIC Wiretap Page