http://www.noratek.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy PolicyThis Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Noratek Solutions collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users of www.noratek.com website (“Site”). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by Noratek Solutions. Ultimately, the information we receive depends upon what you do when visiting our site.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, if you voluntarily submit, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, subscribe to a newsletter, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, phone number. Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously.
Information You Provide Us
We use the information that you provide us for responding to your requests, customizing the material presented to you based on your past visits to our web site, to communicate with you, and to improve the content of our web site. The primary goal in collecting personal information is to provide you better services, features and content, and give you an efficient personalized experience that best meets your needs.
E-mail or Site forms contact. By contacting us through e-mail or one on our Site forms, you provide us with your e-mail address which shall be associated with the sender. What is more, in the message you can include other personal information.
In this case, the legal basis for the processing of personal data is your consent resulting from initiating contact with us.
Your personal data provided as part of an e-mail or Site form is processed only to respond to your inquiry. The content of the correspondence may be archived.
Sharing your personal information
If you choose to identify yourself by sending us an email or completing an online form, Noratek Solutions employees and business partners will have access to such information in order to contact you for customer service purposes. We also aggregate information on what pages you access. Information submitted by you, such as survey information and/or comments or feedback, may be stored in a personally-identifiable format and is used only for internal purposes and is not shared with people or organizations outside of Noratek Solutions, its subsidiaries or successors in interest, and its business partners. We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others.
Links
This site may contain links to other sites not owned or managed by Noratek Solutions is not responsible for the privacy practices of such websites.
Release of Information
Noratek Solutions will release any information that is required to be released by law or court order.
Security of Information
We use secure socket layer (SSL) encryption to protect the transmission of information you submit to us when you use our secure online forms. All the information you provide us through these forms is stored securely offline. If you send us an email or complete the Contact Us Form, you should know that email is not necessarily secure against interception.
Use of Contact Information
Noratek Solutions presents contact information including various email addresses. We have taken precautions to protect our contact information as much as possible, while still providing it to those who wish to make legitimate contact. The presentation of our contact information is by no means authorizing solicitation and spamming.
COOKIES AND TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES
Our Site, like almost all other websites, uses cookies to provide you with the best browsing experience. Cookies are small pieces of text information stored on your end device (computer, tablet, smartphone). Our Site may also use or other similar technologies, such as web beacons, pixel or gif tags, and action tags. Those technologies also collect information that assists us in improving our services, use of the Website, advertising and customer communications.
Cookies allow us to:
ensure the proper and expected functioning of the website,
remember you logging into your account each time you visit the website,
remember your settings during and between visits to the site,
ensure proper functioning of any support and sales processes,
improve the speed and security of the website,
use analytical tools,
use comments system,
use marketing tools.
AGREEING TO COOKIES
When you visit the website for the first time, you are shown a message about the use of cookies. Accepting and closing this message means that you agree to the use of cookies in accordance with the provisions of this privacy policy. You can always withdraw your consent by deleting cookies and changing cookie settings in your browser. However, remember that disabling cookies may cause difficulties in using our website as well as many other websites that use cookies.
FIRST PARTY COOKIES
Our Site, in the future, may place and access certain first party Cookies on your computer or device. First party Cookies are those placed directly by us and are used only by us. We use Cookies to facilitate and improve your experience of our Site. We have carefully chosen these Cookies and have taken steps to ensure that your privacy and personal data is protected and respected at all times.
THIRD PARTY COOKIES
By using our Site, you may also receive certain third party Cookies on your computer or device. Third party Cookies are those placed by websites, services, and/or parties other than us. Third party Cookies are used on our Site for website visitation and tracking purposes.
TYPES OF COOKIES WE MAY USE
All Cookies used by and on our Site are used in accordance with current Cookie Law. We may use some or all of the following types of Cookie:
STRICTLY NECESSARY COOKIES
A Cookie falls into this category if it is essential to the operation of our Site, supporting functions such as logging in, your shopping basket, and payment transactions.
ANALYTICS COOKIES
It is important for us to understand how you use our Site, for example, how efficiently you are able to navigate around it, and what features you use. Analytics Cookies enable us to gather this information, helping us to improve our Site and your experience of it.
FUNCTIONALITY COOKIES
Functionality Cookies enable us to provide additional functions to you on our Site such as personalisation and remembering your saved preferences. Some functionality Cookies may also be strictly necessary Cookies, but not all necessarily fall into that category.
TARGETING COOKIES
It is important for us to know when and how often you visit our Site, and which parts of it you have used (including which pages you have visited and which links you have visited). As with analytics Cookies, this information helps us to better understand you and, in turn, to make our Site and advertising more relevant to your interests. Some information gathered by targeting Cookies may also be shared with third parties.
THIRD PARTY COOKIES
Third party Cookies are not placed by us; instead, they are placed by third parties that provide services to us and/or to you. Third party Cookies may be used by advertising services to serve up tailored advertising to you on our Site, or by third parties providing analytics services to us (these Cookies will work in the same way as analytics Cookies described above).
PERSISTENT COOKIES
Any of the above types of Cookie may be a persistent Cookie. Persistent Cookies are those which remain on your computer or device for a predetermined period and are activated each time you visit Our Site.
SESSION COOKIES
Any of the above types of Cookie may be a session Cookie. Session Cookies are temporary and only remain on your computer or device from the point at which you visit our Site until you close your browser. Session Cookies are deleted when you close your browser.
You can learn more about cookies by visiting: www.allaboutcookies.org
WEBSITE ANALYTICS
Our Site uses third party analytics services. Website analytics refers to a set of tools used to collect and analyze anonymous usage information, enabling us to better understand how our Site is used. This, in turn, enables us to improve our Site and the products and/or services offered through it. You do not have to allow us to use these Cookies, however whilst our use of them does not pose any risk to your privacy or your safe use of our Site, it does enable us to continually improve our Site, making it a better and more useful experience for you.
The analytics service(s) used by our Site use(s) analytics Cookies to gather the required information.
CONSENT AND CONTROL
Before Cookies are placed on your computer or device, you will be shown a pop-up window or message bar requesting your consent to set those Cookies. By giving your consent to the placing of Cookies you are enabling us to provide the best possible experience and service to you. You may, if you wish, deny consent to the placing of Cookies (unless those Cookies are strictly necessary); however certain features of our Site may not function fully or as intended. You will initially be given the opportunity to allow and/or deny the use of cookies. You can return to your cookie preferences to review and/or remove them at any time by visiting your browser settings.
Click to enable/disable google webfonts.
Click to enable/disable google maps.
Click to enable/disable video embeds.
In addition to the controls that we provide, you can choose to enable or disable Cookies in your internet browser. Most internet browsers also enable you to choose whether you wish to disable all Cookies or only third party Cookies. By default, most internet browsers accept Cookies but this can be changed. For further details, please consult the help menu in your internet browser or the documentation that came with your device.
The links below provide instructions on how to control Cookies in all mainstream browsers:
Google Chrome
Microsoft Internet Explorer
Microsoft Edge (Please note that there are no specific instructions at this time, but Microsoft support will be able to assist)
Safari (macOS)
Safari (iOS)
Mozilla Firefox
Android (Please refer to your device’s documentation for manufacturers’ own browsers)
For other browsers, please consult the documentation that your browser manufacturer provides.
Your acceptance of these terms
The above policies are effective as of May 1st 2014. Noratek Solutions reserves the right to change this policy at any time. By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes. Users wishing to see the changes may do so by visiting our web site privacy policy statement frequently.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at:
Noratek Solutions
p: 250.564.2236
info@noratek.com
ADDRESS Suite 200-1840 3rd Ave.
Prince George, B.C.
V2M 1G4
CONTACT Phone: 250.564.2236
Toll Free: 1.866.264.2236
info@noratek.com
TERMS Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Scroll to top
This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
OKLearn more
Cookie and Privacy Settings
How we use cookies
We may request cookies to be set on your device. We use cookies to let us know when you visit our websites, how you interact with us, to enrich your user experience, and to customize your relationship with our website.
Click on the different category headings to find out more. You can also change some of your preferences. Note that blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience on our websites and the services we are able to offer.
Essential Website Cookies
These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our website and to use some of its features.
Because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the website, you cannot refuse them without impacting how our site functions. You can block or delete them by changing your browser settings and force blocking all cookies on this website.
Other external services
We also use different external services like Google Webfonts, Google Maps and external Video providers. Since these providers may collect personal data like your IP address we allow you to block them here. Please be aware that this might heavily reduce the functionality and appearance of our site. Changes will take effect once you reload the page.
Google Webfont Settings:
Click to enable/disable google webfonts.
Google Map Settings:
Click to enable/disable google maps.
Vimeo and Youtube video embeds:
Click to enable/disable video embeds.
Privacy Policy
You can read about our cookies and privacy settings in detail on our Privacy Policy Page.
Privacy Policy