http://www.snia.org/education/what-is-data-privacy
Skip to main content
SNIA
Advancing Storage and Information Technology
Login
Join SNIA
AboutOrganizationBoard of Directors
Technical Council
Committees
SNIA Staff
Corporate InformationDocuments & Reports
Logos & TemplatesClip Art Library
IP Policy
Copyright Information
Procurement Policy Statement
Privacy Policy
SNIA-Observed Holidays
Vision and Mission
AlliancesCXL™ Consortium
DMTF
Fibre Channel Industry Association (FCIA)
The Green Grid
NVM Express
Open Fabric Alliance (OFA)
SCSI Trade Association (STA)
SODA Foundation
Technology CenterTechnology Center Facilities Description
SNIA Technology Center Champions Program
Technology Center Forms
Directions & Visitor Information
SNIA InternationalSNIA Brazil
SNIA EMEA
SNIA India
SNIA Japan
FAQ
Contact Us
StandardsTechnology Standards & SoftwareStandards PortfolioCloud Data Management Interface (CDMI)
Emerald Power Efficiency Measurement SpecificationIP Disclosures for SNIA Emerald v1.0
IP Disclosures for SNIA Emerald v2.0
IP Disclosures for SNIA Emerald v2.1
IP Disclosures for SNIA Emerald v3.0.1
IP-Based Drive Management Specification
Key Value Storage API Specification
Linear Tape File System (LTFS)IP Disclosures for LTFS v2.3
IP Disclosures for LTFS v2.2
Native NVMe-oF™ Drive Specification
NVM Programming ModelIP Disclosures for NMP 1
IP Disclosures for NMP 1.1
IP Disclosures for NMP 1.2
RWSW Performance Test Specification for Datacenter Storage
Self-contained Information Retention Format (SIRF)
Solid State Storage (SSS) Performance Test Specification (PTS)IP Disclosures for PTS v2.0.1
IP Disclosures for PTS Enterprise v1.1
IP Disclosures for PTS Enterprise v1.0
IP Disclosures for PTS Client v1.2
IP Disclosures for PTS Client v1.1
IP Disclosures for PTS Client v1.0
Storage Management Initiative Specification
(SMI-S)IP Disclosures for SMI-S v1.8
IP Disclosures for SMI-S v1.7
IP Disclosures for SMI-S v1.6.1
IP Disclosures for SMI-S v1.6
IP Disclosures for SMI-S v1.5
IP Disclosures for SMI-S v1.4
IP Disclosures for SMI-S v1.3
IP Disclosures for SMI-S v1.2
IP Disclosures for SMI-S v1.1
IP Disclosures for SMI-S v1.0
Swordfish Scalable Storage Management API
TLS SpecificationIP Disclosures for TLS Spec v1.0
Software PortfolioNDMP V4IP Disclosures for NDMPV4 Release 1.0
XAM SDKIP Disclosures for XAM SDK v1.0.1
White Papers
Completed StandardsContent-Aware Storage API (XAM)IP Disclosures for XAM 1.0
Disk Drive Format (DDF)
iSCSI Management (IMA)IP Disclosures for IMA v1.1
IP Disclosures for IMA v2.0
Multipath Management (MMA)IP Disclosures for MMA v1.0
IP Disclosures for MMA v1.1
Technical WorkTechnical Work GroupsBlockchain Storage TWG
Security TWG
Smart Data Accelerator Interface (SDXI) TWG
Open Projects
Feedback SubmissionSNIA Contribution Agreement
Draft Technical Work for Public ReviewCDMI Extensions and Profiles
I/0 Traces, Tools & Analysis Repository
Industry Reference
EducationEducational Library
SNIA DictionaryAbout the Dictionary
Submit a Term
Dictionary Sponsorship Information
What Is...?What is a Storage Area Network (SAN)?
What Is Computational Storage?
What is Persistent Memory?
What is NAS (Network Attached Storage)?
What is SNIA Emerald™?
What is the SNIA Swordfish Standard?
What is Linear Tape File System (LTFS)?
What is NVMe?
What is Fibre Channel?
What is iSCSI?
What is Data Protection?
What is Data Privacy?
What is Storage Security?
What is Object Storage?
What is Blockchain Storage?
What is Green Storage?
TutorialsFAQ for SNIA Tutorials
White Papers
Technology Focus AreasCloud Storage TechnologiesCloud Storage Technologies InitiativeCSTI Members
CSTI Blog
Knowledge Center
Technical WorkList of CDMI Server Implementations
Join CSTI
Computational StorageCompute, Memory, and Storage Initiative
Computational Storage Technical Work Group
Join CMSI
Data Governance & SecurityData Protection & Privacy CommitteeProgramsLong-Term Retention
Knowledge CenterWatch and Learn
Presentations and Tutorials
White Papers
Articles
News and Events
About/How to join
SecurityKnowledge Center
Linear Tape File System
Networked StorageNetworking Storage ForumNSF Members
SNIA NSF Blog
Knowledge Center
Join NSF
Persistent MemoryCompute, Memory, and Storage Initiative
NVM Programming Technical Work Group
Persistent Memory and NVDIMM Special Interest Group
Join CMSI
Persistent Memory Programming Workshop & Hackathon Program
Physical StorageCompute, Memory, and Storage InitiativeComputational StorageComputational Storage Technical Work Group
Persistent MemoryNVM Programming Technical Work Group
Persistent Memory and NVDIMM Special Interest Group
Solid State StorageSolid State Drive Special Interest Group (SSD SIG)
Solid State Storage Technical Work Group
Solid State Storage System Technical Work Group
Knowledge Center
Solid State Drive Form Factors
Members
SFFLogin to SFF TA TWG
Join SFF TA TWG
SFF IP Disclosures
SFF Specifications
Solid State Drive Special Interest Group (SSD SIG)
Solid State Storage Technical Work Group
Solid State Storage System Technical Work Group
NVMe SSD Classification
Solid State Drive Form Factors
Join CMSI
Power Efficiency MeasurementGreen Storage InitiativeGSI Knowledge Center
GSI Industry Liaisons and Industry Program
Join the Green Storage Initiative
SNIA Emerald Program
Storage ManagementStorage Management InitiativeSMI Board
SMI Member Directory
SMI Forms Area
SMI Blog
CTPCTP Member Directory
SMI-S CTPGeneral Information
SMI-S CTP Process
SMI-S Conformant Provider Software
Swordfish CTP
SM Lab Program
SMI-S (SMI Spec)
pywbem
SNIA Swordfish™
Join SMI
News & EventsNews & Events
NewsroomArticles by SNIA
In the News
Press Releases
NewsletterNewsletter Archive
Press Center
Event Calendar
Webcasts
Storage Developer Conference
Persistent Memory SummitPersistent Memory Summit 2020 Presentation Abstracts
Persistent Memory Summit 2020 Speakers
PM and NVM Summit ArchivesPM Summit 2019PM Summit 2019 Presentation Abstracts
PM Summit 2019 Speakers
PM Summit 2017Persistent Memory Summit 2017 Presentation Abstracts
Persistent Memory Summit 2017 Speakers
PM Summit 2018PM Summit 2018 Presentation Abstracts
Persistent Memory Summit 2018 Speakers
NVM Summit 2016NVM Summit 2016 PresentationsNVM Summit Presentations
NVM Summit 2014
NVM Summit 2015
NVM Summit 2013
SNIA Annual Members' Symposium
Technical SymposiaOctober Technical SymposiumSNIA Events Attendee Policy
ResourcesResources
White Papers
SNIA Infographics
Podcasts
Geek Out On Storage!
Weekend Watch
MembershipSNIA Membership
Alphabetical List of SNIA Members
Voting Member Directory
Volunteer RecognitionHall of Fame
SNIA Member Recognition Program2018 SNIA Member Recognition Honorees
2017 SNIA Member Recognition Honorees
2016 SNIA Member Recognition Honorees
2015 SNIA Member Recognition Honorees
2014 SNIA Member Recognition Honorees
2013 SNIA Member Recognition Honorees
2012 SNIA Member Recognition Honorees
2011 SNIA Member Recognition Honorees
2010 SNIA Member Recognition Honorees
2009 SNIA Member Recognition Honorees
2008 SNIA Member Recognition Honorees
Deborah Kay Johnson Memorial Award
Request a Login
Member Login
Become a Member
Educational Library
SNIA Dictionary
What Is...?What is a Storage Area Network (SAN)?
What Is Computational Storage?
What is Persistent Memory?
What is NAS (Network Attached Storage)?
What is SNIA Emerald™?
What is the SNIA Swordfish Standard?
What is Linear Tape File System (LTFS)?
What is NVMe?
What is Fibre Channel?
What is iSCSI?
What is Data Protection?
What is Data Privacy?
What is Storage Security?
What is Object Storage?
What is Blockchain Storage?
What is Green Storage?
Tutorials
White Papers
You are hereHome » Education » What Is...? » What is Data Privacy?
What is Data Privacy?
Data privacy, sometimes also referred to as information privacy, is an area of data protection that concerns the proper handling of sensitive data including, notably, personal data[1] but also other confidential data, such as certain financial data and intellectual property data, to meet regulatory requirements as well as protecting the confidentiality and immutability of the data.
Roughly speaking, data protection spans three broad categories, namely, traditional data protection (such as backup and restore copies), data security, and data privacy as shown in the Figure below. Ensuring the privacy of sensitive and personal data can be considered an outcome of best practice in data protection and security with the overall goal of achieving the continual availability and immutability of critical business data.
Please note that the term data privacy contains what the European Union (EU) refers to as “data protection.”
Figure: The Three Categories of Data Protection
Security becomes an important element in protecting the data from external and internal threats but also when determining what digitally stored data can be shared and with whom. In a practical sense, data privacy deals with aspects of the control process around sharing data with third parties, how and where that data is stored, and the specific regulations that apply to those processes.
Almost all countries in the world have introduced some form of legislation concerning data privacy in response to the needs of a particular industry or section of the population.
Data Sovereignty
Data sovereignty refers to digital data that is subject to the laws of the country in which it is located.
The increasing adoption of cloud data services and a perceived lack of security has led many countries to introduce new legislation that requires data to be kept within the country in which the customer resides.
Current concerns surrounding data sovereignty are related to governments trying to prevent data from being stored outside the geographic boundaries of the originating country. Ensuring that data exists only in the host country can be complex and often relies on the detail provided in the Service Level Agreement with the Cloud Service Provider.
Data Privacy - Geographical variations in terms
In the European Union, privacy is recognised as an absolute fundamental right and in some parts of the world privacy has often been regarded as an element of liberty, the right to be free from intrusions by the state. In most geographies, privacy is a legal concept and not a technology, and so it is the term data protection that deals with the technical framework of keeping the data secure and available.
Why is Data Privacy important?
The answer to this question comes down to business imperatives:
Business Asset Management: Data is perhaps the most important asset a business owns. We live in a data economy where companies find enormous value in collecting, sharing and using data about customers or users, especially from social media. Transparency in how businesses request consent to keep personal data, abide by their privacy policies, and manage the data that they’ve collected, is vital to building trust with customers who naturally expect privacy as a human right.
Regulatory Compliance: Managing data to ensure regulatory compliance is arguably even more important. A business may have to meet legal responsibilities about how they collect, store, and process personal data, and non-compliance could lead to a huge fine. If the business becomes the victim to a hack or ransomware, the consequences in terms of lost revenue and lost customer trust could be even worse.
Data Privacy is not Data Security
Businesses are sometimes confused by the terms and mistakenly believe that keeping personal and sensitive data secure from hackers means that they are automatically compliant with data privacy regulations. This is not the case. Data security protects data from compromise by external attackers and malicious insiders whereas data privacy governs how the data is collected, shared and used.
Differing legal definitions of Data Privacy
If there is agreement on the importance of data privacy to a business, then the legal definition can be extremely complex.
None of the most prevalent regulations (GDPR, CCPA, HIPAA etc) define precisely what is meant by data privacy and it is left to businesses to determine what they consider best practice in their own industry. The legislation often refers to what is considered ‘reasonable’ which may differ between laws, along with the respective fines.
In practice, this means that companies who work with sensitive and personal data should consider exceeding the legal parameters to ensure that their data practices are well above those outlined in the legislation.
[1] Personal Data (known as Personally Identifiable Information or PII) means any information which can be used to distinguish or trace the identity of an individual (e.g., name, social security number, biometric records, etc.) alone, or when combined with other personal or identifying information which is linked or linkable to a specific individual (e.g., date and place of birth, mother’s maiden name, etc.).
Learn more about Data Privacy in our Educational Library
Learn more about fundamental storage networking topics:
What Is a Storage Area Network?
What Is Computational Storage?
What is Persistent Memory?
What is Network Attached Storage (NAS)?
What is the SNIA Swordfish™ Standard?
What is SNIA Emerald™?
What is Linear Tape File System (LTFS)?
What is NVMe?
What is Fibre Channel?
What is iSCSI?
What is Data Protection?
What is Storage Security?
What is Object Storage?
What is Blockchain Storage?
What is Green Storage?
Advancing Storage and Information Technology
Explore, discover, share, and meet other like-minded industry members. Get ahead, stay ahead, and create industry curves. Become a SNIA member today!
Join SNIA
SNIA International
SNIA Brazil
SNIA EMEA
SNIA India
SNIA Japan
Discover SNIA
About
Standards
Education
Technology Focus Areas
News & Events
Resources
Membership
SNIA Blogs
SNIA Storage BlogCloud Storage BlogNetworked Storage BlogCompute, Memory and Storage BlogStorage Management Blog
Twitter LinkedIn YouTube Facebook
Copyright © 2020 SNIA
Site Map | Contact Us | Privacy Policy