https://www.onsharp.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for www.onsharp.com. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website. It will notify you (the customer) of the following:
The personally identifiable information collected from you through the website, how it is used, and with whom it may be shared.
The choices available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
The process to correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell, share or rent this information to anyone. We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share/sell your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request “e.g. to ship an order”. Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline. Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the web page. While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment. If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at 1.866.667.4277 or via email at info@onsharp.com.
Links
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Surveys & Contests
From time-to-time our site requests information via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you may choose whether or not to participate and therefore disclose this information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code, age level). Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site.
AdRoll, Pixel-tags, and Re-targeting
Onsharp occasionally uses the AdRoll display advertising network to collect visitor data on our site and then serve targeted display ads to you on other sites. Our partners use technology such as cookies and web beacons to collect this data. For more information or to opt-out of this type of advertising, please visit AdRoll’s privacy policy.
We and our service providers may also use so-called “pixel tags,” “web beacons,” “clear GIFs” or similar means (collectively, “Pixel Tags”) in connection with some Site pages and HTML-formatted e-mail messages to, among other things, compile aggregate statistics about Site usage and response rates. A Pixel Tag is an electronic image, often a single pixel (1×1), that is ordinarily not visible to Site visitors and may be associated with Cookies on a user’s hard drives. Pixel Tags allow us to count users who have visited certain pages of the Site, to deliver branded services, to serve ads, and to help determine the effectiveness of promotional or advertising campaigns. When used in HTML-formatted e-mail messages, Pixel Tags can tell the sender whether and when the e-mail has been opened.