http://www.ddhsoftware.com/privacypolicy.html
DDH Software, LLC Making a big world smaller
HomeProductsCompanySupportLoginDemoForum
Effective 08/19/2011
Our Commitment To PrivacyYour privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.The Information We Collect:This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the DDH Software, LLC. website, ddhsoftware.com, or any of it's related websites, such as handbase.com. On some pages, you can order products, make requests for product information or technical support, and register to receive materials. The types of personal information collected at these pages are:Name Address Email address Phone number Credit/Debit Card Information (etc.)The Way We Use Information:We use the information you provide about yourself when placing an order only to complete that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.We use the information you provide about someone else when placing an order only to ship the product and to confirm delivery. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.When you purchase our software, either directly through us or one of our resellers, you are automatically registered for our website so you can receive updates on our new products and services.We occasionally send email Newsletters or information about Software Updates to our registered users. We occasionally use a third party sender to send emails on our behalf, but the third parties are not given the rights to use your address for any other purposes than sending those emails on our behalf. Any time you receive a Newsletter or Software Update email you will be given the opportunity to Opt-Out of receiving future emails.We use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our website and to share with advertisers. For example, we may tell an advertiser that X number of individuals visited a certain area on our website, or that Y number of men and Z number of women filled out our registration form, but we would not disclose anything that could be used to identify those individuals.Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.Our Commitment To Data SecurityTo prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.How You Can Access Or Correct Your InformationYou can access all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain by sending an email to sales@ddhsoftware.com with the information you need changed. You can also log into your account at www.ddhsoftware.com/download if all you need to do is update your email address. Your request will be processed by one of our employees and you will be notified when the change has been complete. We use this procedure to better safeguard your information.If you wish to opt out of receiving newsletters or software update notices by email please use the contact information listed below to request that you be removed from our email list.You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows error.To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.How To Contact UsShould you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, email us at sales@ddhsoftware.com.
HomeProductsCompanySupportLoginDemoForum
Privacy Policy |
© Copyright 1997 - 2011 DDH Software, LLC. |
HanDBase is a Registered ® trademark of DDH Software, LLC.