http://www.savvior.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Savvior Technology Solutions Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy describes how your personal information is collected, used, and shared when you visit or make a purchase from https://www.savvior.com (the “Site”).
PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT
When you visit the Site, we automatically collect certain information about your device, including information about your web browser, IP address, time zone, and some of the cookies that are installed on your device. Additionally, as you browse the Site, we collect information about the individual web pages or products that you view, what websites or search terms referred you to the Site, and information about how you interact with the Site. We refer to this automatically-collected information as “Device Information.”
We collect Device Information using the following technologies:
- “Cookies” are data files that are placed on your device or computer and often include an anonymous unique identifier. For more information about cookies, and how to disable cookies, visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org.
- “Log files” track actions occurring on the Site, and collect data including your IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, referring/exit pages, and date/time stamps.
- “Web beacons,” “tags,” and “pixels” are electronic files used to record information about how you browse the Site.
When we talk about “Personal Information” in this Privacy Policy, we are talking both about Device Information and Order Information.
HOW DO WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
We use the Order Information that we collect generally to, when in line with the preferences you have shared with us, provide you with information or advertising relating to our products or services.
We use the Device Information that we collect to help us screen for potential risk and fraud (in particular, your IP address), and more generally to improve and optimize our Site (for example, by generating analytics about how our visitors browse and interact with the Site, and to assess the success of our marketing and advertising campaigns).
SHARING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We never share your Personal Information with third parties.
We also use Google Analytics to help us understand how our customers use the Site--you can read more about how Google uses your Personal Information here:  https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/.  You can also opt-out of Google Analytics here:  https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
However, we may also share your Personal Information to comply with applicable laws and regulations, to respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other lawful request for information we receive, or to otherwise protect our rights.
DO NOT TRACK
Please note that we do not alter our Site's data collection and use practices when we see a Do Not Track signal from your browser.
DATA RETENTION
When you place an order through the Site, we will maintain your Order Information for our records unless and until you ask us to delete this information.
MINORS
The Site is not intended for individuals under the age of [[INSERT AGE]].
CHANGES
We may update this privacy policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons.
CONTACT US
For more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if you would like to make a complaint, please contact us by e-mail at hello@savvior.com or by mail using the details provided below:
800 Vinial Street, Suite B208, Pittsburgh, PA, 15212, United States
Are you looking for Sharepoint Consulting, Search Engine Optimization, Content Management Solutions, or
professional software solutions? Give us a call
or shoot us an email to get started. We are a top rated USA based professional software development company located in Pittsburgh PA
Go!
Solutions
SavviCMSSavviDocsSavviReports
Projects
Schneider Downs
Blog
Savvior Partners with ancora SoftwareWhat is Consumer Privacy and How Can I Keep Customer Information Safe?How Business Process Automation Empowers Your EmployeesWhat is SavviDocs and How Can it Help my Business?Cloud Storage Solutions for Small to Medium-Sized Businesses
Contact
800 Vinial St
Suite B208
Pittsburgh, PA 15212
+1 (412) 321-7006
hello@savvior.com
Client Portal