https://www.dms.net/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Statement of Privacy Policy for Digital Matrix Systems, Inc. (DMS)
Your privacy is important to DMS. This statement discloses the information handling practices for DMS websites, including what type of information is gathered and tracked, how the information is used, and with whom the information is shared.
Underlying these policies is the commitment of DMS to provide our website visitors with complete notice and choice about the use of personal information. In this way, visitors are better informed concerning their choices to participate in the exchange of information required for the efficient delivery of products and services via the Internet.
DMS hopes to build consumers’ trust and confidence in the Internet by promoting the principles of disclosure and informed consent. We have implemented these principals as our guiding policy for the DMS website (www.DMS.net). We have also instructed our Web Administrators to include information on these privacy practices wherever personal information is collected on any DMS website.
PERSONAL INFORMATION
In general, you can visit DMS on the Internet without telling us who you are and without revealing any information about yourself. There are times, however, when DMS or our partners may need information from you to deliver services that you have requested.
You may choose to give us personal information, such as your name and address or email address that may be needed, for example, to correspond with you, to process an order or to provide you with a service subscription. It is our intent through the following privacy statements to let you know exactly how such information will be used before anything is collected from you on the Internet.
HOW INFORMATION IS COLLECTED AND USED
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the website (www.DMS.net). Except as disclosed below, no information is collected without your express permission. You will not be contacted directly by DMS in response to visiting our website except as required to complete your request.
On some pages, you can request information, monitor the status of projects, order software or request additional services from DMS. This information is collected and used solely for the purpose disclosed in this Privacy Policy Statement.
Personal information collected at these pages may include:
Email Address
Business Name
Business Address
Contact Name
Phone Number
Fax Number
We only use this identifying information when requesting information to complete the transaction. We do not share this information with third parties except as necessary to complete the transaction. This information is subject to strict confidentiality limitations.
Finally, we never use, sell, lease or share personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described in this Privacy Policy Statement or on the website page where the information is being entered except when required by law. Please review the Cookies section of this policy for additional information concerning the use of data collected on this website.
INFORMATION SECURITY
DMS protects your information over the Internet by using a secure web server, which allows your Internet browser to interact with a DMS web server through encrypted sessions. DMS uses a Secure Socket Layer (SSL) 128-bit encrypted connection that encrypts the data transferred between your computer and DMS.
Depending on your browser type, you will know when you are in a secured area by ‘https’ appearing in front of the URL (Uniform Resource Locator) in the address bar, and/or a locked padlock is displayed in the lower corner of your screen. When you visit www.DMS.net, you may visit certain secured areas. You will never be asked to enter personal information without being in a secured area of the website.
Additionally, DMS utilizes administrative controls to limit access and protect your information. DMS continually monitors access to its systems to detect unauthorized access attempts to the website and its information.
COOKIES
DMS collects information through the use of various techniques, including cookies. A cookie is a data element that a website sends to your browser, and may then be stored on your computer. Sometimes we use cookies, sent by DMS or its third party vendors to serve you better if you return to our site. You can prevent this by instructing your browser to notify you before you receive a cookie, providing you with an opportunity to accept or reject the cookie. You can also turn off the acceptance of cookies altogether on your Internet browser software.
DMS sometimes collects anonymous information from visitors to our sites to help us provide better service. We may track the origins from which our visitors come and/or their activity while on the DMS website. We collect this information in a manner that anonymously tracks the activity. This anonymous information can be used by DMS to analyze activity and to help us provide better customer service.
None of this information is analyzed at the level in which an individual’s identity may be derived. If you do not want your activity details used for these purposes, you should disable cookie retention through your Internet browser software.
CUSTOMIZED CLIENT PAGES
Occasionally DMS provides Clients with a customized set of web pages that have been personalized for that Client’s business. Such a personal area is readily identifiable by its requirement that the Client enter unique Client ID’s, User Names and Password information. By clicking on that menu item and going to a personalized Client web page, you are agreeing to let DMS collect information about your session visit. We use this information to assist us in providing activity monitoring and security information concerning these Client pages. If you do not wish information to be used in this way, simply do not enter such personalized Client pages.
BUSINESS RELATIONSHIPS
The DMS website often contains links to other websites. We do this strictly as a convenience to consumers visiting our site. DMS is not responsible for, and does not guarantee, the privacy practices or content of such websites.
NOTIFICATION OF CHANGES
This privacy statement was last updated on January 31, 2013. A notice will be posted on our website’s home page (www.DMS.net) for at least 30 days whenever this Privacy Policy Statement has been modified.
QUESTIONS REGARDING THIS STATEMENT
Questions regarding this statement should be directed to the DMS Internet Manager by email at internetmanager@dms.net or by regular mail at Internet Manager; Digital Matrix Systems, 15301 Spectrum Drive, 2nd Floor, Addison, Texas 75001.
For more information, contact dmswebsales@dms.net
Corporate Headquarters Digital Matrix Systems, Inc.
4975 Preston Park Blvd
Suite 700
Plano, TX 75093
Phone: 972.341.0000
Toll Free: 800.367.1800
Corporate Sales 800.367.1800 (Option 1)
sales@dms.net
Customer Service 800.367.1880
(7am-5:30pm CST)
customerservice@dms.net
Accounting 800.367.1800 (Option 4)
accounting@dms.net
Scroll to top