https://www.wlanmall.com/privacy-notice/
Home
Privacy Notice
Privacy Notice
This is the web site of WLANmall.com.
Our postal address is
920 N. Nash St Bldg BEl Segundo, CA 90245
We can be reached via e-mail at privacy@wlanmall.com or you can reach us by telephone at 310-416-1200
For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes only the consumer's domain name, but not the e-mail address (where possible).
We collect only the domain name, but not the e-mail address of visitors to our Web page, the e-mail addresses of those who post messages to our bulletin board, the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail, the e-mail addresses of those who make postings to our chat areas, aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit, user-specific information on what pages consumers access or visit, information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations, no information on consumers who browse our Web page.
The information we collect is used to improve the content of our Web page, used to notify consumers about updates to our Web site, used by us to contact consumers for marketing purposes.
With respect to cookies: We use cookies to record session information, such as items that consumers add to their shopping cart.
If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address, writing to us at the above address.
If you supply us with your postal address on-line you may receive periodic mailings from us with information on new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address, writing to us at the above address.
Please provide us with your exact name and address. We will be sure your name is removed from our list.
Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line may receive telephone contact from us with information regarding new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such telephone calls, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address, writing to us at the above address. Please provide us with your name and phone number. We will be sure your name is removed from our list.
With respect to Ad Servers: We do not partner with or have special relationships with any ad server companies.
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our Web site to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our Web site periodically.
Customers may prevent their information from being used for purposes other than those for which it was originally collected by e-mailing us at the above address.
With respect to security: When we transfer and receive certain types of sensitive information such as financial information, we redirect visitors to a secure server. We also have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site.If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above addresses or phone number.
Get Exclusive Deals
Follow Us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Club Connect
Available to anyone, club connect allows WLANmall registered members access to thousands of unpublished discounted prices and free shipping. It's easy to join. Just register with a user name and password. That's it! Once you log in every time you visit WLANmall, you'll see discounted prices and orders over $1000.00 will ship free of charge*.
*Free shipping is via UPS ground. Additional shipping options are available at an additional charge. Some items, such as large antennas, that require freight shipments do not qualify for free shipping.
×
Loading... Please wait...
×
×