http://www.altirium.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Admin
2017-09-27T19:02:29+00:00
Privacy Policy
Trusted Data Solutions d/b/a Altirium is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy applies to the Altirium Web site and governs data collection and usage. By using the Altirium website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Safe Harbor
Altirium complies with the U.S.-EU Safe Harbor Framework and the U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information from European Union member countries and Switzerland. Altirium has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice, choice, onward transfer, security, data integrity, access, and enforcement. To learn more about the Safe Harbor program, and to view Altirium’s certification, please visit www.export.gov/safeharbor/
Collection of your Personal Information
Altirium collects personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address or telephone number. Altirium also collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites. There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by Altirium. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring Web site addresses. This information is used by Altirium for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Altirium Web site. Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through Altirium public message boards, this information may be collected and used by others. Note: Altirium does not read any of your private online communications. Altirium encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites you choose to link to from Altirium so that you can understand how those Web sites collect, use and share your information. Altirium is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of the Altirium and Altirium family of Web sites.
Use of your Personal Information
Altirium collects and uses your personal information to operate the Altirium Web site and deliver the services you have requested. Altirium also uses your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Altirium and its affiliates. Altirium may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered. Altirium does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. Altirium may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party. In addition, Altirium may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Altirium, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information. Altirium does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent. Altirium keeps track of the Web sites and pages our customers visit within Altirium, in order to determine what Altirium services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within Altirium to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area. Altirium Web sites will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Altirium or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Altirium; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Altirium, or the public.
Use of Cookies
The Altirium Web site use “cookies” to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you. One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize Altirium pages, or register with Altirium site or services, a cookie helps Altirium to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same Altirium Web site, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Altirium features that you customized. You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Altirium services or Web sites you visit.
Security of your Personal Information
Altirium secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. Altirium secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other Web sites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
Changes to this Statement
Altirium will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. Altirium encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how Altirium is protecting your information.
Contact Information
Altirium welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Altirium has not adhered to this Statement, please contact Trusted Data Solutions d/b/a Altirium at info@tdsllc.com. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem.