http://www.hyfinity.com/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
hyfinity
Search
View Cart
Log In
WebMaker Studio
Products
Pricing
Why Hyfinity
Contact
Forum
Support
Docs
Breadcrumb
Home
Hyfinity Privacy Policy
We request personal information when you buy or register for our products and services. We use this information to manage your account and communicate with you effectively.
What information do we collect?
Your Name
Your Address
Your Phone Number
Your Email Address
Billing Information
Domain Information as part of our site usage analysis.
Cookies (Identifiers that can be sent from a web site via your browser to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Thereafter when you visit the same web site, a message is sent back to the web server. Cookies are often required and utilised by web applications to enable certain features and enhance your user experience.)
How we use this information
We use your information for the following purposes:
Complete payment transactions and communicate with you to provide effective support for our products and services.
The information collected from cookies is used to improve your experience when you use our websites. You may elect not to accept cookies by changing the designated settings on your web browser. However, not utilising cookies may prevent you from using certain web site features.
The Domain Information enables us to become more familiar with our customers and the manner in which they use our websites. We use this information to improve our web-based offerings.
We may pass your information to other Hyfinity companies. We will not pass your personal data to anyone else, except for any successors in title to our business and suppliers that process data on our behalf to assist with the purchasing and support services we provide to you, such as the fulfilment of payment transactions.
We may also use and disclose information in aggregate (so that no individual customers are identified) for marketing and strategic development purposes.
Where you have provided consent, we may send you details of products and services that may be of interest to you.
Withdrawing Consent
Where we rely on your consent for the use of your information, you have the right to withdraw such consent. When required to do so, we will provide you instructions on how to opt out of marketing communications. You can also contact us to withdraw such consent using the contact information below.
How long do we retain your data?
Where you are registered for the use of our products and services, we retain your data for as long as your account remains active.
Where you have provided consent for the use of your data, for marketing purposes for example, we will use this data until you withdraw such consent.
For contractual data, such as purchasing information, we maintain this data in accordance with our legal, tax and other compliance requirements.
Your access rights
You can ask us to modify, delete or alter the manner in which we use your data. We may be limited in certain circumstances on the extent of such changes due to our obligations on legal and compliance grounds.
If we fail to resolve any concerns, you have the right to complain to the relevant EU data protection authority.
Our Contact Information
We hope we can resolve any queries you may have in an efficient manner. You can find our full contact details using the link to our Contact Information.
© Hyfinity Limited
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
We use cookies and analytics on our website to support technical features that enhance your user experience.
-
Got it
More information