http://www.mapresources.com/pages/privacy-policy
Search
Home
Our Digital Maps
About Adobe Illustrator Format Maps
Sample Maps in Illustrator Format
Sample Maps in PowerPoint Format
Design Tips & Videos
Map Resources Blog
Royalty-Free Licenses
Discount Offers
World
Large, High Detail World Maps
World Maps with US States
Continent/Region Maps
USA
All USA Country Maps
USA State Maps
USA City Maps
City
USA City Maps
International City Maps
Country
Map Collections
Custom Maps
Sign in
Create an Account
Menu
Cart 0
Home
›
Professional Quality Adobe Illustrator Vector Maps - Download 24/7
Map Resources Privacy Policy
Map Resources does not share customer information with anyone outside of our company.
Personal Information We collect your credit card and billing information to verify your identity and bill for products and mapping services.  We do not share this information, except as needed to get authorization for your purchase.  We do not maintain any of your contact or financial information on our server.
Email Address We use your email address to respond to your request or order.  We never share your email address with anyone.
When you purchase a map, your email is added to our customer list.  We send notices about changes in maps, new products or special offers. The customer list is used sparingly, and is never sent more often than once a month.
The customer list is managed by a third party, permission-based email-marketing platform Every email sent through the system contains a unique reply email link which you can activate to be instantly removed from our mailing list.
Your IP Address We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Web site. Your IP address is used to help identify you and your shopping  cart.
Use of Cookies Our site uses cookies to keep track of  your shopping cart. We use cookies for other purposes, like seeing how users navigate our site, so that we can improve the effectiveness of our site.
Security Map Resources web site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. All credit card information is stored and processed on computers that are off-line. Credit card and associated personal information that is retrieved through the web is only sent using secure SSL transmissions.