https://www.websym.com/terms-and-conditions/
TezevaFaktoryWize
Workforce Tracking
ServicesInsights
Case Studies Whitepapers Blog News
PartnersCareersContact Us Request a Demo
Terms & Conditions
Terms and Conditions
Welcome to www.websym.com!
These terms and conditions outline the rules and regulations for the use of Websym Solutions Pvt. Ltd.’s Website, located at https://www.websym.com.
By accessing this website we assume you accept these terms and conditions. Do not continue to use www.websym.com if you do not agree to take all of the terms and conditions stated on this page.
The following terminology applies to these Terms and Conditions, Privacy Statement and Disclaimer Notice and all Agreements: “Client”, “You” and “Your” refers to you, the person log on this website and compliant to the Company’s terms and conditions. “The Company”, “Ourselves”, “We”, “Our” and “Us”, refers to our Company. “Party”, “Parties”, or “Us”, refers to both the Client and ourselves. All terms refer to the offer, acceptance and consideration of payment necessary to undertake the process of our assistance to the Client in the most appropriate manner for the express purpose of meeting the Client’s needs in respect of provision of the Company’s stated services, in accordance with and subject to, prevailing law of Netherlands. Any use of the above terminology or other words in the singular, plural, capitalization and/or he/she or they, are taken as interchangeable and therefore as referring to same.
Cookies
We employ the use of cookies. By accessing www.websym.com, you agreed to use cookies in agreement with the Websym Solutions Pvt. Ltd.’s Privacy Policy.
Most interactive websites use cookies to let us retrieve the user’s details for each visit. Cookies are used by our website to enable the functionality of certain areas to make it easier for people visiting our website. Some of our affiliate/advertising partners may also use cookies. For more information read our cookie policy.
License
Unless otherwise stated, Websym Solutions Pvt. Ltd. and/or its licensors own the intellectual property rights for all material on www.websym.com. All intellectual property rights are reserved. You may access this from www.websym.com for your own personal use subjected to restrictions set in these terms and conditions.
You must not:
Republish material from www.websym.com
Sell, rent or sub-license material from www.websym.com
Reproduce, duplicate or copy material from www.websym.com
Redistribute content from www.websym.com
This Agreement shall begin on the date hereof.
Parts of this website offer an opportunity for users to post and exchange opinions and information in certain areas of the website. Websym Solutions Pvt. Ltd. does not filter, edit, publish or review Comments prior to their presence on the website. Comments do not reflect the views and opinions of Websym Solutions Pvt. Ltd.,its agents and/or affiliates. Comments reflect the views and opinions of the person who post their views and opinions. To the extent permitted by applicable laws, Websym Solutions Pvt. Ltd. shall not be liable for the Comments or for any liability, damages or expenses caused and/or suffered as a result of any use of and/or posting of and/or appearance of the Comments on this website.
Websym Solutions Pvt. Ltd. reserves the right to monitor all Comments and to remove any Comments which can be considered inappropriate, offensive or causes breach of these Terms and Conditions.
You warrant and represent that:
You are entitled to post the Comments on our website and have all necessary licenses and consents to do so;
The Comments do not invade any intellectual property right, including without limitation copyright, patent or trademark of any third party;
The Comments do not contain any defamatory, libelous, offensive, indecent or otherwise unlawful material which is an invasion of privacy
The Comments will not be used to solicit or promote business or custom or present commercial activities or unlawful activity.
You hereby grant Websym Solutions Pvt. Ltd. a non-exclusive license to use, reproduce, edit and authorize others to use, reproduce and edit any of your Comments in any and all forms, formats or media.
Hyperlinking to our Content
The following organizations may link to our Website without prior written approval:
Government agencies;
Search engines;
News organizations;
Online directory distributors may link to our Website in the same manner as they hyperlink to the Websites of other listed businesses; and
System wide Accredited Businesses except soliciting non-profit organizations, charity shopping malls, and charity fundraising groups which may not hyperlink to our Web site.
These organizations may link to our home page, to publications or to other Website information so long as the link: (a) is not in any way deceptive; (b) does not falsely imply sponsorship, endorsement or approval of the linking party and its products and/or services; and (c) fits within the context of the linking party’s site.
We may consider and approve other link requests from the following types of organizations:
commonly-known consumer and/or business information sources;
dot.com community sites;
associations or other groups representing charities;
online directory distributors;
internet portals;
accounting, law and consulting firms; and
educational institutions and trade associations.
We will approve link requests from these organizations if we decide that: (a) the link would not make us look unfavorably to ourselves or to our accredited businesses; (b) the organization does not have any negative records with us; (c) the benefit to us from the visibility of the hyperlink compensates the absence of Websym Solutions Pvt. Ltd.; and (d) the link is in the context of general resource information.
These organizations may link to our home page so long as the link: (a) is not in any way deceptive; (b) does not falsely imply sponsorship, endorsement or approval of the linking party and its products or services; and (c) fits within the context of the linking party’s site.
If you are one of the organizations listed in paragraph 2 above and are interested in linking to our website, you must inform us by sending an e-mail to Websym Solutions Pvt. Ltd. Please include your name, your organization name, contact information as well as the URL of your site, a list of any URLs from which you intend to link to our Website, and a list of the URLs on our site to which you would like to link. Wait 2-3 weeks for a response.
Approved organizations may hyperlink to our Website as follows:
By use of our corporate name; or
By use of the uniform resource locator being linked to; or
By use of any other description of our Website being linked to that makes sense within the context and format of content on the linking party’s site.
No use of Websym Solutions Pvt. Ltd.’s logo or other artwork will be allowed for linking absent a trademark license agreement.
iFrames
Without prior approval and written permission, you may not create frames around our Webpages that alter in any way the visual presentation or appearance of our Website.
Content Liability
We shall not be hold responsible for any content that appears on your Website. You agree to protect and defend us against all claims that is rising on your Website. No link(s) should appear on any Website that may be interpreted as libelous, obscene or criminal, or which infringes, otherwise violates, or advocates the infringement or other violation of, any third party rights.
Your Privacy
Please read privacy policy
Reservation of Rights
We reserve the right to request that you remove all links or any particular link to our Website. You approve to immediately remove all links to our Website upon request. We also reserve the right to amen these terms and conditions and it’s linking policy at any time. By continuously linking to our Website, you agree to be bound to and follow these linking terms and conditions.
Removal of links from our website
If you find any link on our Website that is offensive for any reason, you are free to contact and inform us any moment. We will consider requests to remove links but we are not obligated to or so or to respond to you directly.
We do not ensure that the information on this website is correct, we do not warrant its completeness or accuracy; nor do we promise to ensure that the website remains available or that the material on the website is kept up to date.
Disclaimer
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, we exclude all representations, warranties and conditions relating to our website and the use of this website. Nothing in this disclaimer will:
limit or exclude our or your liability for death or personal injury;
limit or exclude our or your liability for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation;
limit any of our or your liabilities in any way that is not permitted under applicable law; or
exclude any of our or your liabilities that may not be excluded under applicable law.
The limitations and prohibitions of liability set in this Section and elsewhere in this disclaimer: (a) are subject to the preceding paragraph; and (b) govern all liabilities arising under the disclaimer, including liabilities arising in contract, in tort and for breach of statutory duty.
As long as the website and the information and services on the website are provided free of charge, we will not be liable for any loss or damage of any nature.
Back to top of page
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience. Read our cookie policy here.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
Download the Whitepaper - Keys to IIOT Adoption
SUBMIT
X
Download the Whitepaper - Optimizing with IIOT
SUBMIT
X
Download the Case Study - Samudra LED
DOWNLOAD
X
Download the Case Study - TEAL
DOWNLOAD
X
Download the Case Study - Fiat Chrysler Automobiles
DOWNLOAD
X
Download the Case Study - DEIF
DOWNLOAD
X
Download the Case Study - Piramal Glass
DOWNLOAD
X
Become a Partner
SEND MESSAGE
X
Request a Demo
Please complete this form and one of our representatives will contact you soon to schedule a demo.
Solution Interested In*TezevaFaktoryWizeFW - Workforce Tracking SolutionServicesOthers
SUBMIT
X