http://www.asacorp.com/legal.jsp
(412) 220-9300
Toggle navigation
(412) 220-9300
Login
Login
(412) 220-9300
Products
Analyze
Predict / Model (ModelMAX®)
Profile / Cluster (ModelMAX®)
Segment / Cherry-pick (SuperRFMTM)
Data Management Foundation (VoltageTM)
Decide
Rules / Decision Management (DecisionBuilderTM)
Act
Score anytime, anywhere (Agility EngineTM)
Opportunity Management (COATM)
Email Marketing / Marketing Automation
Incentive Management (Quantum®)
Essentials
C-Suite Summary
by Goals
by Role/Department
Expertise
Coaching & Advice
Training
Consulting
Agilytics
About
ASA Corp.
Our Clients
Contact Info
Legal Policy & Trademarks
Advanced Software Applications Corp. (ASA) owns and operates the website www.asacorp.com, referred to here as ‘this Site’. By accessing or using this Site in any manner, you agree with this Legal Policy and will adhere to the following terms, conditions and practices. If you do not agree with any part of the following information do not use this Site.
DisclaimerContent on this Site provided by ASA, or its licensors, is the property of ASA and its licensors and protected by U.S. and International trademark, copyright, and intellectual property laws. Content includes but is not limited to images, graphics, photographs, text, audio, video, screen shots, trademarks, logos, icons, electronically and digitally downloadable files or materials, technical guides, documentation, software, products, services, and the arrangement and compilation of said content on this Site.
This Site is provided ‘as is’ and ‘as available’ without any express or implied warranty of any kind. In no event shall ASA be liable for any damages of any kind, including but not limited to direct, indirect, incidental, special, punitive, or consequential, or loss of profits, revenue, loss of use, business interruption, or any other losses, costs, or expenses of any kind (including legal fees, expert fees, or other disbursements), or loss of programs or other data incurred by you or any third-party associated with your access to, or use of this Site.
ASA makes reasonable effort to present accurate information on this site but does not make any guarantees, warranties or endorsements with respect to this Site, any website that may be accessed from this Site or that is linked to this Site.
This Site can be used to learn about ASA and our products and services in order to become an ASA client, or encourage and assist others to do so. This process may include but not be limited to electronic downloads, copying and printing of content. This site can also be used to access ASA products and services if you have a separate, active, binding agreement with ASA such as a product license or trial license. If you are unsure of the existence, status, or scope of such an agreement with ASA please contact us. You may not use any portion of this Site to disparage or do harm to ASA. This includes distribution, modification, reproduction, presentation, republication, transmission, display, reverse engineering or competitive assessment. You may not use this Site for any other purpose without first asking for, and receiving, special permission from ASA in writing.
Personal Information, Security and Termination of Access
ASA never shares personal information unless required by law or subpoena to do so, to comply with the law and reasonable requests from law enforcement, and to protect the security or integrity of this Site. More information on this is available in our Privacy Policy.
If ASA is acquired, participates in a merger, or sells certain assets, your Personal Information may be transferred as a result. We will notify you at the appropriate time before your Personal Information is transferred and becomes subject to a different Privacy Policy.
Protecting your Personal Information is important to ASA. We use proven and reasonable measures to securely handle and store it but when data is transmitted over the internet, or digitally or electronically stored, it is not possible to make it 100% secure and therefore, ASA cannot guarantee absolute security.
ASA reserves the right to terminate access to this Site to anyone who does not observe our policies. Additionally access may be terminated for anyone who is deemed a risk by governing laws or information provided by law enforcement.
Trademarks
The ASA logo is the sole property of ASA. The following is a non-exhaustive list of trademarks and service marks owned or pending by ASA: Agilytics™, Agility Engine™, COA™ (Customer Opportunity Advisor), DecisionBuilder™, ModelMAX®, Quantum®, Voltage™, SuperRFM™, and UDT™ (Universal Data Transformation). Any other trademarks or service marks mentioned on this Site and not owned by ASA remain the property of their rightful owner and their use does not constitute infringement of any type by ASA.
Some icons and fonts on this Site are courtesy of flaticon.com and Creative Commons CC 3.0. Original authors and sources include: Daniel Bruce, Designmodo, Freepik, Icomoon, Icons8,Mobiletuxedo, OCHA, SimpleIcon,
and Yannick
Revision Date: January 20, 2015
Privacy
Legal