http://www.techonthenet.com/privacy.php
Advertisements
Home
Databases
SQL
Oracle / PLSQL
SQL Server
MySQL
MariaDB
PostgreSQL
SQLite
MS Office
Excel
Access
Word
Web Development
HTML
CSS
JavaScript
Color Picker
Programming
C Language
More
ASCII
Unicode
Linux
UNIX
Techie Humor
Advertisements
Privacy Policy
Last updated Dec 23, 2019
Our Commitment to You
TechOnTheNet.com is committed to respecting and protecting your privacy. It is important for you to understand what Personal Information we will collect, how we will use it and who may see it.
What is Personal Information?
Personal Information is information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person. An identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier, or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person.
We do not consider personal information to include information that has been anonymized or aggregated so that it can no longer be used to identify a specific natural person, whether in combination with other information or otherwise.
Personal Information Collection and Use
TechOnTheNet.com requires no account creation or user registration to use our website. We do not collect any personal data from you such as your name, home address, email address or telephone number.
By accessing our website, the external IP address of your computer as well as http specific information will be stored and logged for statistical, verification and organizational purposes (in the EEA, Art 6 para 1 lit f GDPR, legitimate interests). Our website is designed to be used without indication of any additional personal data.
Cookies
Our website uses cookies, like most websites on the Internet. A cookie is a small piece of data that is sent from a website and stored on your computer or mobile phone by the web browser. Cookies are used to provide a reliable mechanism allowing websites to remember information. Cookies are often used for site navigation and to improve user experience. There are two types of cookies that our website uses - first-party cookies and third-party cookies.
First-Party Cookies
We use the following first-party cookies on this website.
Session cookies are used for site navigation and on our Contact Us page to protect ourselves from web SPAM.
Persistent cookies are used to store any selections you make while using our website. We do not set persistent cookies without an action from you.
None of these first-party cookies contain personally identifiable information and these cookies are considered essential cookies for the website to function properly.
Third-Party Cookies
We use third-party advertising partners that use cookies to serve advertisements on our website. These cookies are used to inform our advertising partners if an advertisement has been served to the same computer before, and if so, when the advertisement was served. These cookies are used to ensure that the advertisements you see are both relevant and appropriate.
Your Privacy Choices
Your Consent
By using this website, you are consenting to the placement of cookies in your browser by us and our third-party advertising partners. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully for details about why we use cookies and the information they collect from and about you.
Withdraw Your Consent at Any Time
If you do not wish to accept cookies in connection with your use of this website, you will need to delete, and block or disable cookies via your browser settings; see below for more information on how to do this. Please note that disabling cookies will affect the functionality of the website, and may prevent you from being able to access certain features.
How to Delete and Block our Cookies
Most web browsers allow some control of most cookies through the browser settings. However, if you use your browser settings to block all cookies (including essential cookies), you may not be able to access all or parts of the functionality of the website. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies as soon as you visit the website.
Changing your Cookie Settings
The browser settings for changing your cookies settings are usually found in the 'options' or 'preferences' menu of your Internet browser. In order to understand these settings, the following links may be helpful. Otherwise you should use the 'Help' option in your Internet browser for more details.
Cookie settings in Internet Explorer
Cookie settings in Firefox
Cookie settings in Chrome
Cookie settings in Safari
More information. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit www.allaboutcookies.org.
Personal Information Disclosure
We reserve the right to disclose Personal Information if required to do so by law, comply with legal process, respond to claims or to protect the rights, property or safety of TechOnTheNet.com or the public.
Contacting TechOnTheNet.com
If you have any requests, questions or comments about your Personal Information or this Privacy Policy, please contact us through our Online Feedback Form.
This Privacy Policy may be changed from time to time without notice. Revisions will be posted on TechOnTheNet.com.
Share on:
Advertisements
Home | About Us | Contact Us | Testimonials | Donate
While using this site, you agree to have read and accepted our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
Copyright © 2003-2020 TechOnTheNet.com. All rights reserved.