https://www.kroy.com/privacy-policy.html
0
Track Your Shipment
|
Customer Support
|
My Account
Call Today!
216.426.5600
My Cart (0)
Supplies
Printers
Labels
Ribbons
Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting with us at www.kroy.com. Kroy LLC has adopted this Privacy Statement to explain what personal information we need, why we need it, and how we protect it. The information we collect about you is used only to process your order efficiently and to provide you with a personalized and enjoyable online experience. Detail about our privacy policy are described below. This policy may change form time to time so please check back periodically.
Security: Kroy LLC utilizes technology, security features, and strict policy guidelines to safeguard the privacy of our customer information. When you place orders or access you account information, we offer the use of a secure server and secure server software (SSL) based encryption of all information you input. In addition, all customer data we collect is protected against unauthorized access.
Information Collection and Use: When you create a new customer profile, we may ask your name, company, mailing address and e-mail address. When you place an order through our online store, we ask for your credit card number and the expiration date. This allows us to process your order and to notify you of your order status. Once an Online order has been confirmed, the credit card information not stored, as we use Cyber Cash to process the credit card orders. This insures that we never have your credit card information.
We may use the information we collect to notify you of periodically about important changes to our website, new Kroy products, services, software updates and special products that may be of interest to you. If you would rather not receive this information, please contact us at info@kroy.com
Use of "Cookies": Kroy LLC uses cookies (small pieces of information that are stored by your web browser on your computer's hard drive) to recall you e-mail address and other information stored in your customer profile. For example, our Online store uses cookies to remember the contents of your shopping cart as you make you selection, and to recall your billing address. Our cookies do not contain any personal identifying information.
Disclosure: Kroy LLC does not currently, but may in the future, sell, trade, rent, or otherwise provide your personal information to others (except as required by subpoena, search warrant, or other legal processes). We may also provide aggregate statistics about our customers, sales, traffic patterns, and related site information to reputable third-party vendors, but these statistics will include no personal identifying information.
Your Consent: By using our website, you consent to the collection and use of your personal information by Kroy LLC. If in the future we change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of the kind of information we collect how we use it , and under what circumstances we disclose it
Questions or Comments: Kroy LLC welcomes your questions and comments about privacy. Please send e-mail to webmaster@kroy.com
Customer Support
Customer Support Center
Technical Support
3830 Kelley Avenue, Cleveland, OH 44114
(216) 426-5600
(800) 523-2881
About Kroy
About Us
International Profile
Dealers
Home/Office Labeling
Industrial Labeling
Resource Center
Downloads
Privacy Policy
Accepted Payment Methods:
© Kroy LLC 2001-2020
Kroy® is a registered trademark of Kroy LLC. All trademarks are the property of their respective owners.
Supplies
Printers
Labels
Ribbons
Call Us: (216) 426-5600