http://www.hostnexus.com/company/legal.php
LegalTOS, AUP, PP and other things to make your eyes glaze over.
COMPANY
CONTACT
GUARANTEES
LEGAL
AFFILIATES
REVIEWS
COUPONS
Terms Of Use
Privacy Policy
SLA Agreement
Terms of Service
The Short Version
Do not do anything illegal.
Websites may not use 25% of CPU for more than 90 seconds on shared/reseller accounts.
The default memory limit for shared/reseller websites is 512mb.
Do not run torrent applications, trackers or clients or use your account for peer-to-peer activities.
We do not allow pornography websites on shared/reseller accounts. These are fine on VPSes or dedicated servers.
We do not allow spiders or indexers on shared/reseller accounts.
On shared/reseller accounts each website has a 100,000 inode limit.
Do not run any MySQL queries longer than 15 seconds on shared/reseller accounts. MySQL databases should be indexed appropriately.
Do not spam. Spamming from an outside server which advertises your website is also prohibited.
Do not run server-side processes on the server. This includes any and all daemons, such as IRCD.
HostNexus has no liability in losses resulting from service downtime.
The Long Version
When using the Service provided by HostNexus, defined below in Section 1.1, you agree to be bound by all of the following terms (the "Terms of Service") within this Agreement.
HostNexus reserves the right to alter, ammend or modify any provision of this Terms of Service Agreement at any time with or without prior notice to you (but of course we always notify our clients about any change in any part of our service ).
This Agreement is effective from your acceptance thereof, which is indicated by the establishment of your account. If you are a current HostNexus client when this Agreement is activated, your continued use of the Service constitutes your acceptance of this Agreement.
1. Service
1.1. HostNexus provides Website Hosting services, including, but not limited to, Diskspace for File Storage; FTP Access for uploading and downloading files to and from your assigned account.
1.2. Any means of identification assigned to you by HostNexus (including username and IP address) will remain the property of HostNexus. HostNexus reserves the right to alter or replace these forms of identification at any time.
1.3. HostNexus makes no guarantees as to the continuous availability of the Service or any specific feature of the Service. HostNexus reserves the right to discontinue and/or change the Service or any of its features at any time with or without notice.
3. Use of the Service
3.1. You, and those you authorize, are the only individuals who are authorized to access the Service through your account. You must ensure that all authorized users on behalf of your account comply with this Agreement.
3.2. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of passwords used by yourself or any authorized user for your account.
3.3. You will not use the Service or permit others to use the Service through your account in any way that violates any law or regulation; subjects HostNexus to liability; or is in any violation of the HostNexus Terms of Service Agreement.
2. Registration Requirements
2.1. In consideration of the Use of the Service, outlined below in Section 3, Client certifies to HostNexus that he/she is not a minor. By accepting this Agreement, you represent that you are at least 18 years of age.
2.2. You agree to provide HostNexus with accurate, complete and up-to-date billing information, including your legal name, electronic mail (e-mail) address, home address, and telephone number. All changes to this information should be reported to HostNexus as soon as possible.
2.3. By accepting this Agreement, you agree that you are responsible for all charges posted to your account until you close the account as specified in Section 11. If any information provided by you is inaccurate, not current or incomplete, HostNexus retains the right to suspend or terminate your account.
4. User Conduct
4.1. You agree to be solely responsible for the content of your transmissions through the Service. You acknowledge that HostNexus simply acts as a passive conduit for the distribution and transmission of data.
4.2. You agree that your use of the Service is subject to all applicable local, state, national and international laws and regulations. Furthermore, you agree that you recognize that violation of any such laws, rules and regulations shall be cause for immediate termination, without notice, of your account at the sole discretion of HostNexus.
5. Unacceptable Use of Service
5.1.Illegality in any form, including, but not limited to, activities such as unauthorized distribution or copying of copyrighted software; violation of U.S. or International export restrictions; harassment; fraud; drug dealing; intentionally inflicting emotional distress; violating trademarks; copyrights; and other intellectual property rights.
5.2. We reserve the right to remove permission to access the Service if we suspect security violation attempts involving your account, whether directly deliberately caused by you or not.
5.3.Spamming, to send unsolicited commercial email or newsgroup posts, from the server or involving your domain.
5.4.Mail bombing, sending of large files or emails to other users against the request of an Internet user, whether or not our servers are used.
5.5.Violations of system or network security is prohibited, and may result in criminal and civil liability. Examples include, but are not limited to, the following: Unauthorized access, use, probe, or scan of a systems security or authentication measures, data or traffic. Interference with service to any user, host or network including, without limitation, mail bombing, flooding, deliberate attempts to overload a system and broadcast attacks.
5.6.The use of programs that consume in excess of 25% CPU for more than 90 seconds or in excess of 256mb Random Access Memory (RAM) on the server for a prolonged period as defined by HostNexus on a per server basis.
5.7. Unacceptable site content, links, storage and/or distribution including, but not limited to, pirated software or programs which are intended or used for security violation purposes ("cracking software"); "Warez Sites"; "IRC Bots"; pornography; sexually explicit or offensive material; and defamatory, scandalous, or private information about a person without their consent.
ALL FORMS OF 'UNACCEPTABLE USE OF SERVICE' ARE STRICTLY FORBIDDEN. EVIDENCE OF SUCH MATERIAL WILL BE CAUSE FOR IMMEDIATE TERMINATION OF SERVICE. HOSTNEXUS WILL BE THE SOLE ARBITERS AS TO WHAT CONSTITUTES A VIOLATION OF THIS PROVISION. HOSTNEXUS WILL NOTIFY THE APPROPRIATE LAW ENFORCEMENT DEPARTMENT IF SUCH VIOLATION IS A CRIMINAL OFFENSE.
5.8.The use of more than 100,000 inodes on any one domain. An inode is a single file that could be defined as, but not limited to, a page, email, image, script or document.
6. Fees
6.1. Setup fees (where applicable) are non-refundable..
6.2. HostNexus reserves the right to change prices, rates and/or institute new charges/fees at any time upon 30 days prior notice.
6.3. A service charge, up to the maximum allowed by the state you reside in, will be assessed to your account for each check that is returned to HostNexus for insufficient funds.
6.4. Payment must be made towards your account on its assigned due date. If your account is delinquent, your account may be suspended or terminated at the sole discretion of HostNexus.
IF YOUR ACCOUNT INCURS CHARGES WHICH ARE DENIED BY YOUR FINANCIAL INSTITUTION, HOSTNEXUS RESERVES THE RIGHT TO RE-BILL FOR THOSE CHARGES, REGARDLESS OF YOUR ACCOUNT STATUS.
6.5. If you believe that HostNexus has billed you in error, you must contact the Billing Department within 30 days of the invoice or transaction date of the charge.
7. Disclaimer of Warranties
7.1. You assume full responsibility and risk for use of the Service by you and your authorized users. The Service is provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. HostNexus does not warrant that the Service will be uninterrupted or error-free. HostNexus makes no express or implied warranties, representations or endorsements including, but not limited to, warranties of title, non-infringement or implied warranties of service or fitness for a particular purpose regarding all information or service provided through HostNexus. No advice or information given by HostNexus, its employees, affiliates or contractors shall create a warranty.
7.2. HostNexus shall not be liable for any costs or damages arising directly or indirectly from use of the Service. It is solely your responsibility to evaluate the accuracy, quality, completeness, and usefulness of all opinions, advice, services, and other information provided through the Service.
8. User Remedies
8.1. If you are dissatisfied with the Service or any of its terms, conditions, rules, policies, guidelines, or practices, your sole and exclusive remedy is to terminate this Agreement and discontinue using the Service by closing your account by one of the methods outlined in Section 11.
8.2. Under no circumstances shall HostNexus, its employees, affiliates or contractors be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, punitive, or consequential damages that result in any way from any: use of your account or the Service or your inability to use the Service; your reliance on or use of information, services or merchandise provided on or through the Service or that result from mistakes, omissions, interruptions, deletion of files, errors, defects, delays in operation or transmission, or any failure of performance.
9. Idemnity
You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold HostNexus and its affiliates harmless from any and all liabilities, costs, and expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees, related to or arising from: any violation of this Agreement by you or those who access this Service through your account; the use of the Service or the Internet in general; and the placement or transmission of any message, information, software, or other materials on the Internet by you or by those who have access to the Service through your account.
10. Termination of Agreement
10.1. You may terminate this Agreement by using the methods outlined in Section 11 of this Agreement. Your termination will only be complete upon your receipt of a confirmation number from HostNexus. You will receive this confirmation number via Electronic Mail. Charges to your account will stop accruing the day you receive your confirmation number.
10.2. HostNexus may terminate this Agreement at any time without cause upon 30 days prior notice; or; immediately if you or any person who has access to the Service through your account, commit a material breach of this Agreement including, but not limited to, a breach of any obligation imposed under Sections 2, 3, 4, 5 or 6 or if you fail to pay any charges within 7 days of the date they accrue.
10.3. Upon termination of this Agreement, all rights granted to you or your authorized users under this Agreement shall immediately cease and terminate.
10.4.
Termination from this Agreement does not release you from the obligation to pay all accrued charges under this Agreement.
10.5. Sections 6, 7, 8, 9, and 11 shall survive termination of this Agreement, HostNexus retains the right to enforce these provisions regardless of account status.
11. Closing an Account
11.1. You may close your account by sending an email or submitting a support request to our billing department. The request must meet the following criteria:
Include your account information (domain name, username, IP address, server name and password).
Reference your Order/Authorization Number you received with your first receipt of payment.
Requests to cancel accounts or the termination of your payment plan at HostNexus will result in the IMMEDIATE deactivation of your account unless specified by the Client.
12. Closing a Dedicated Server Account
12.1.
You may close your dedicated server account by following the terms laid out in section 11.
12.2. The closure of a Dedicated server account requires 2 weeks notice. Notice must be given within 2 weeks of account payment.
This Terms of Service Agreement constitutes the entire Agreement between you and HostNexus with respect to the Service.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the United States and United Kingdom, without regard to its conflicts of law provisions. You consent to the personal jurisdiction of the federal and state courts having jurisdiction for Chester, England, with respect to all disputes arising out of this Agreement, your use of the Service or otherwise between you and HostNexus. Any cause of action you may have with respect to the Service must be commenced within six (6) months after the claim or cause of action arises or such claim or cause of action is barred.
We appreciate this is a daunting document but we are obliged to provide it. If you have any questions please do contact us but normally The Short Version above will satisfy most enquiries.
Privacy Policy
HostNexus is committed to the privacy of our clients. We have developed the following policy to disclose the information gathering and dissemination practices for this site.
We collect certain information from clients for billing and administrative functions. None of the information collected for these functions is provided to any outside party for any reason.
From time to time we receive inquiries for examples of sites hosted by our service. If you would like to have your site available for such use, please contact us. No information other than your site name will be provided to the individual making the inquiry. Personal information that may be displayed on the client site is the responsibility of the client.
Security measures are in place to protect against loss, alteration, or misuse of data collected. Clients are responsible for ensuring that only they or their authorized designee utilize their accounts. Suspected incidents of unauthorized use of a client account should be reported immediately to our support team.
This site contains links to resources outside the HostNexus website. HostNexus is not responsible for the content of those sites.
Service Level Agreement
Server Uptime
Server Uptime is the total time in a calendar month that an HostNexus server is available through the Internet, provided that Client has established connectivity. HostNexus takes responsibility for Server and Network availability within their network, however, we cannot be held liable for upstream problems, outside of our network. Our guarantee is that our Servers and Network will be available to clients free of Network Outages, that render 100% packet loss, 99.9% of each calendar month.
Network and Server Outages or Unscheduled Downtime
Network or Server Outages or Unscheduled Downtime is any unplanned or unscheduled interruption in Service availability during which the Client is unable to access the services as described in the section titled "Server Uptime" above. A Network or Server Outage is defined as a period in which 100% packet loss to our network is experienced, which is determined to have been caused by a problem in HostNexus's Network as confirmed by HostNexus. Downtime or outages are measured as the total length of time of the unplanned interruption in service availability in a calendar month.
Scheduled Downtime
Scheduled Downtime is any HostNexus scheduled interruption of Services, for the purpose of network and server upgrades, or replacement of any equipment in order to provide for you better service. Scheduled downtime occurs during notified downtime periods, with as much advance warning as possible although in emergency situations little advance warning may be given.
To find out more please visit our Guarantees page.