http://www.outpost24.com/legal/website-terms-of-use
Skip to main content
Outpost24 Terms of Use
Outpost24 Terms of Use
Introduction
Outpost24 is committed to protecting your privacy rights. By accessing and using the Outpost24 website, www.outpost24.com (“the Site””), you agree to these Terms of Use. The Terms of Use describe how personal information (“Personal Information” shall have the meaning set out in Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, and repealing Directive 95/46/EC (hereafter the “General Data Protection Regulation” or “GDPR”)), is collected and used on the Site. By visiting the Site, you consent to the principles for collection, processing and usage of Personal Information described in this Terms of Use.
If you do not agree with how your Personal Information is collected and used or any parts as set forth in this Terms of Use, then you should not use the Site.
You must not use the Site in violation of these Terms of Use;
Copy, modify, create a derivative work from, reverse engineer or reverse assemble the Site, or otherwise attempt to discover any source code, or allow any third party to do so;
Sell, assign, sublicense, distribute, commercially exploit, grant a security interest in or otherwise transfer any right in, or make available to a third party, the content or Site in any way;
Use or launch any automated system, including without limitation, "robots," "spiders," or "offline readers," that accesses the Site in a manner that sends more request messages to the Outpost24 servers in a given period of time than a human can reasonably produce in the same period by using a conventional on-line web browser;
Use the Site in any manner that damages, disables, overburdens, or impairs any Outpost24 website or interferes with any other party's use and enjoyment of the Site;
Attempt to gain unauthorized access to the Site;
Access the Site by any means other than through the interface that is provided by Outpost24 for use in accessing the Site;
Except as specifically permitted on the Site explicitly giving such permission, the content may not be copied, reproduced, modified, published, uploaded, posted, transmitted, performed, or distributed in any way, and you agree not to modify, rent, lease, loan, sell, distribute, transmit, broadcast, or create derivative works based on the content or the Site, in whole or in part, by any means.
Post, upload, submit, input, or provide in any manner materials, data, content, code or information of any kind that violate or constitute the infringement of any patent, copyright, trademark, trade secret, right of privacy, right of publicity, moral rights, or other intellectual property right recognized by any applicable jurisdiction of any person or entity, or otherwise constitute the breach of any agreement with any other person or entity;
Post, upload, submit, input, or provide in any manner materials, data, content, code or information of any kind that contains any threatening, harassing, libelous, false, defamatory, offensive, obscene, or pornographic material, or other material that would violate any other applicable law or regulation or be offensive to any person.
Knowingly and with intent to defraud provide material and misleading information. You represent and warrant that the materials you supply do not violate these Terms of Use.
Use the Site for any purpose or in any manner that is unlawful or prohibited by this Terms of Use.
Any unauthorized use of any content or the Site may violate patent, copyright, trademark, and other laws.
The Site is protected by applicable intellectual property laws, including trademark and copyright laws. The Site, including all intellectual property rights in the Site and content, belongs to and is the property of Outpost24 unless otherwise explicitly noted. The Outpost24 logos, product/service names and other marks used by Outpost24 are trademarks and the property of Outpost24.
How Personal Information are collected and used
By filling in web forms, providing registration details or, in any other way, providing Outpost24 with Personal Information, you hereby approve the following conditions for the handling of your Personal Information. The Personal Information collected by Outpost24 is used to fulfil our commitment to you as a user of our services, and to be able to maintain our customer registry. The information may also be used for customized information and for marketing purposes. Your Personal Information may be shared with Outpost24’s subsidiaries or partners, in certain cases outside the European Union, so that they will be able to send you information about their products and services. Outpost24 may also distribute or deliver the Personal Information registry to a third party either partly or fully in the case of merger or acquisitions.
Cookie
A cookie is a small data file which is stored by your browser and which contains information about how you use our site.If you answer/send in a form, a cookie will be sent to remember that you have sent a form.
The website uses cookies in order to collect information about how the pages are used.
Information about what server your PC is connected to, what type of browser, how often you have been visiting our website, what pages on the Site you have visited is stored. The information is used for analysing statistics such as Google Analytics regarding the use of the Site.
The website uses cookies for a Site maintenance-pop up. The information is used so that the visitor only will see the pop-up once.
Outpost24 may release Personal Information concerning your use of the Site when it believes in good faith that such release is appropriate to comply with the law (for example, pursuant to a statutory demand, subpoena, warrant or court order). In any event, Outpost24 will only hold such Personal Information for so long as it serves the purposes for which it was collected and in order to comply with applicable laws.
Links to third party
The Outpost24 website may contain links to third-party websites, however, Outpost24 is not responsible for and cannot control these other sites. Outpost24 makes no representations whatsoever about any other websites which you may access through the Outpost24 Site. In addition, a link to a non- Outpost24 website does not mean that Outpost24 endorses or accepts any responsibility for the content, or the use, of such website. It is up to you to take precautions to ensure that whatever you select for your use is free of such items as viruses, worms, trojan horses, and other items of a destructive nature.
Exercising your rights
If you disagree with how your Personal Information is collected and used by Outpost24.com, then you may opt not to visit the Site. If you would prefer to opt-out of marketing communications, please contact marketing@outpost24.com
Disclaimer
The Site is provided “as is” without any representations or warranties, express or implied.  Outpost24 makes no representations or warranties in relation to the Site or the content and materials provided on the Site.
Limitation of liabilities
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, OUTPOST24 SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES SUFFERED AS A RESULT OF USING, MODIFYING, CONTRIBUTING, COPYING, DISTRIBUTING, DOWNLOADING THE MATERIALS. IN NO EVENT SHALL OUTPOST24 BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, EXTRAORDINARY, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING LOSS OF DATA, REVENUE, PROFITS, USE OR OTHER ECONOMIC ADVANTAGE) HOWEVER ARISING, WHETHER FOR BREACH OR IN TORT, EVEN IF YOU HAVE BEEN PREVIOUSLY ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE SOLE RESPONSIBILITY FOR ADEQUATE PROTECTION AND BACKUP OF DATA AND/OR EQUIPMENT USED IN CONNECTION WITH THE WEBSITE AND WILL NOT MAKE A CLAIM OF ANY NATURE AGAINST OUTPOST24 FOR LOST DATA, INACCURATE OUTPUT, WORK DELAYS OR LOST PROFITS RESULTING FROM THE USE OF THE MATERIALS. YOU AGREE TO DEFEND AND HOLD OUTPOST24 ENTIRELY HARMLESS FROM, AND YOU COVENANT NOT TO SUE OUTPOST24, OR ITS AFFILIATES, SUCCESSORS OR ASSIGNS, FOR, ANY CLAIMS RELATED TO THE OUTPOST24 WEBSITE. SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
By using this Site, you agree the exclusions and limitations of liability in this Site terms of use are reasonable.
If you do not think they are reasonable, you must not use this Site and you immediate stop any use of the Site.
Indemnification
You understand and agree that you are personally responsible for your behavior on the Site. You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Outpost24, its parent companies, subsidiaries, affiliated companies, joint venturers, business partners, licensors, employees, agents, and any third-party information providers from and against all claims, losses, expenses, damages and costs (including, but not limited to, direct, incidental, consequential, exemplary and indirect damages), and reasonable attorneys' fees, resulting from or arising out of your use, misuse, or inability to use the Site or Content, or any violation by you of these Terms of Use.
Revisions
Outpost24 may at any time revise these Terms of Use by updating this posting. By using this Site, you agree to be bound by the version of these Terms of Use in place at the time of each interaction.
General Terms of Use
Accuracy and Validity.
You represent and warrant that you are who you say you are, that you have not submitted fictitious, false or inaccurate information about yourself, and that all information contained in submitted materials is true and your own work or work you are authorized to submit. You agree that you will not knowingly and with intent to defraud provide materials, data, content, code or misleading information. You represent and warrant that the materials, data, content, code and any information you supply do not violate these Terms of Use.
Downloading Files.
Outpost24 cannot and does not guarantee or warrant that files available for downloading through the Site will be free of infection by software viruses or other harmful computer code, files or programs.
Entire Agreement/No Waiver.
These Terms of Use constitute the entire agreement you and Outpost24 with respect to the subject matter hereof. No waiver by Outpost24 of any breach or default hereunder shall be deemed to be a waiver of any preceding or subsequent breach or default.
Correction of Errors and Inaccuracies.
The Site and/or Content may contain typographical errors or other errors or inaccuracies and may not be complete or current. Outpost24 therefore reserves the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies or omissions and to change or update the Site and/or Content at any time without prior notice. However, Outpost24 does not, guarantee that any errors, inaccuracies or omissions will be corrected.
Enforcement/ Choice of Law/ Choice of Forum.
If any part of these Terms of Use is determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable, it will not impact any other provision of these Terms of Use, all of which will remain in full force and effect. Any and all disputes relating to these Terms of Use, Outpost24's Privacy Policy, your use of the Site, any other Outpost24 or Outpost24 family company web site or the Content are governed by, and will be interpreted in accordance with, the laws of Sweden, without regard to any conflict of laws provisions. You agree to the sole and exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the courts in Malmö, Sweden in the event of any dispute of any kind arising from or relating to these Terms of Use, Outpost24's Privacy Policy, your use of the Site, any other Outpost24 or Outpost24 family company web site(s) or Content.
Contact information
If you require further information about Outpost24's Terms of Use contact Outpost24 via e-mail: legal@outpost24.com or by sending a letter via mail to:
Outpost24 AB
Axel Towers 2F, 4th floor
1609 Copenhagen/København
Denmark
Attn: General Counsel.
Effective Date: 10 April 2018
Search