http://www.servicepower.com/privacy-policy
Products
Suite Overview
Employed Workforce Solution
Customer Engagement
Schedule Optimization
Mobility & Parts Management
Smart Service
Reporting & Analytics
Third-Party Workforce Solution
Customer Engagement
Contractor Management
Third-Party Dispatch
Claims Management
Reporting & Analytics
Blended Workforce Solution
Customer Engagement
Intelligent Workforce Management
Reporting & Analytics
Servicer Solutions
ServicePower HUB | Overview
ServicePower HUB | Features
Schedule a Demo | ServicePowerHUB
Industries
Overview
Home Appliances
Home Warranty
Insurance
Security
Healthcare
Retail
Manufacturing
Other Industries
Customers
Services
Overview
Implementation Services
Outsourced Service Management
Support
Resources
Overview
Analyst Research
Case Studies
Infographics
Product Collateral
Videos
Webinars
White Papers & eBooks
Trust Center
Company
About Us
Leadership
Newsroom
Press Releases
Media Coverage
Events
Partners
Overview
Become a Partner
Become a Contractor
Careers
Contact Us
Blog
Request a Demo
Privacy Policy
ServicePower, Inc. ("Company" or "We") respects your privacy and is committed to protecting it through our implementation of this policy.  This policy describes the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you use the ServicePower website and service (our "Service") and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting and disclosing such information.
This policy applies to information we collect:
On the website and Service;
In telephone call recordings, e-mail, text and other electronic messages to us or routed through the Service, including, but not limited to attachments, documents and files submitted through the website;
Through your interactions with the Service, including, but not limited to your creation and storage in the Service of information relating to individual job or services, price books, personnel, your business, financial and operating activities, marketing and promotional spending and results, your customers (including customer contact information) and location data and dispatch information (including GPS data);
Through mobile and desktop applications that provide dedicated nonbrowser-based interaction between you and the Service or portions of the Service, and
When you interact with third party applications or integrations of third-party applications and services through the Service.
It does not apply to information collected:
by us offline or through any other means, including information given to us from referral partners and trade organizations, or on any other website operated by the Company or any third party; or
by any third party, including through any application or content (including advertising) that may link to or be accessible from or on the Service.
Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use the Service. By accessing or using the Service, you agree to this privacy policy. This policy may change from time to time. Your continued use of this Service after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the policy periodically for updates.
Data We Collect About You and How We Collect It
We collect several types of information from and about users of our Website, including information:
by which you may be personally identified, such as name, postal address, e-mail address or telephone number ("personal information");
that is about you but individually does not identify you, such as financial and business information;
about your internet connection, the equipment you use to access our Website and usage details;
information about your business as input into and used by the Service, including but not limited to information relating to individual job or services, price books, personnel, your business, financial and operating activities, marketing and promotional spending and results, your customers (including customer contact information) and location data and dispatch information (including GPS data).
We collect this information:
Directly from you when you provide it to us.
Automatically as you navigate through the site and use the Service. Information collected automatically may include telephone call data for incoming calls, customer data, usage details, IP addresses and information collected through cookies and other tracking technologies.
Information You Provide.
The information we collect on or through our Service may include:
Information that you provide by filling in forms on the Service or that is automatically generated by the Service including information relating to individual jobs or services, price books, personnel, your business, financial and operating activities, marketing and promotional spending and results, your customers (including customer contact information) and location data and dispatch information (including GPS data).
Records and copies of your correspondence (including e-mail addresses), if you contact us.
Your responses to surveys that we might ask you to complete for research purposes.
Details of transactions you carry out through the Service for the purchase of licenses to the Service and of the fulfillment of your orders.
Usage Information, IP Addresses and Cookies.
As you navigate through and interact with the Service, we may automatically collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns, including:
Details of your visits to the Service, including traffic data, location data, logs and other communication data and the resources that you access and use on the Service.
Information about your computer and internet connection, including your IP address, operating system and browser type.
The information we collect automatically is statistical data, and does not identify any individual. It helps us to improve the Service and to deliver a better and more personalized service by enabling us to:
Estimate user actions and usage patterns.
Store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize the Service according to your individual needs and interests.
Speed up your searches and navigation.
Recognize you when you return to the Service.
The technologies we use for this automatic data collection may include:
Cookies (or browser cookies). A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer. You may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the Service. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to the Service.
Flash Cookies. Certain features of the Service may use local stored objects (or Flash cookies) to collect and store information about your preferences and navigation to, from and on the Service. Flash cookies are not managed by the same browser settings as are used for browser cookies.
Web Beacons. Parts of the Service and our e-mails may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs. pixel tags and single-pixel gifs) that permit the Company, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or opened an e-mail and for other related website statistics (for example, logging access to certain communications and verifying system and server integrity).
We do not collect personal Information automatically, but we may tie this information to personal information about you that we collect from other sources or you provide to us.
Third-Party Use of Cookies and Other Tracking Mechanisms.
Some features accessible from the Service are related to integrations with thirdparty products. These third parties may use cookies alone or in conjunction with web 5 beacons or other tracking technologies to collect information about Service users. This may include information about users' behavior on the Service and other websites, and these third parties may use this information for a variety of purposes, including to serve interested-based (behavioral) advertising. We do not control these third parties' tracking technologies or how they may be used. If you have any questions about a third party integration, you should contact the responsible party directly.
How We Use Your Information
We use information that you input into the Service, that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any personal information
To offer the Service and make it available to you.
To provide you with information, products or services that you request from us.
To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it.
To provide you with notices about your account.
To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection.
To notify you about changes to the Service or any products or services we offer or provide through it.
In any other way we may describe when you provide the information.
For any other purpose with your consent.
We may also use your information to contact you about our own and third parties' goods and services that may be of interest to you. If you do not want us to use your information in this way, you may unsubscribe from future notices.
Disclosure of Your Information
We may disclose aggregated information about our users, and information that does not identify any individual, without restriction.
We may disclose personal and business information that we collect or you provide as described in this privacy policy:
To our subsidiaries and affiliates.
To contractors, service providers and other third parties we use to support our business and who are bound by contractual obligations to keep such information confidential and use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them (for example, to develop applications for the Service).
To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution or other sale or transfer of some or all of ServicePower, Inc.’s assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation or similar proceeding, in which personal and business information held by ServicePower, Inc. and in the Service is among the assets transferred.
To third parties to market their products or services to you if you have not opted out of these disclosures. We contractually require these third parties to keep personal and business information confidential and use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them, and we do not share any information on your end customers with them other than in aggregate and anonymized form.
To third party referral partners or trade organizations who have business relationships with us. We contractually require these third parties to keep personal and business information confidential and use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them, and we do not share any information on your end customers with them other than in aggregate and anonymized form.
To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it. For example, if you give us a phone number to deliver a text message in the dispatch function of the Service, we will transmit the contents of that text message and your information to the recipient.
For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information.
With your consent.
We may also disclose your personal information:
To comply with any court order, law or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request.
To enforce or apply our Terms of Use and other agreements, including for billing and collection purposes.
If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of ServicePower our customers or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information
We strive to provide you with choices regarding the personal and business information you provide to us. We have created mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your information:
Tracking Technologies and Advertising. You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. To learn how you can manage your Flash cookie settings, visit the Flash player settings page on Adobe's website. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this site may then be inaccessible or not function properly.
Promotional Offers from the Company. If you do not wish to have your e-mail address/contact information used by the Company to promote our own or third parties' products or services, you can opt-out by sending us an e-mail stating your request to privacy@ServicePower.com. If we have sent you a promotional e-mail, you may send us a return e-mail asking to be omitted from future e-mail distributions. This opt out does not apply to information provided to the Company as a result of a product purchase, product service experience or other transactions directly with us.
Accessing and Correcting Your Information
You can review and change your personal and business information by logging into the Service and visiting your account profile page.
You may also send us an e-mail at privacy@ServicePower.com to request access to, correct or delete any personal or business information that you have provided to us. In some instances, we cannot delete your information except by also deleting your account. We may not accommodate a request to change information if we believe the change would violate any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect.
Your California Privacy Rights
California Civil Code Section § 1798.83 permits users of our Service that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal 8 information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an e-mail to privacy@ServicePower.com.
Children Under the Age of 13
Our Service is not intended for children under 13 years of age. No one under age 13 may provide any information to or on the Service. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If you are under 13, do not use or provide any information on this Service or on or through any of its features/register on the Service, submit any attachments or materials through or to the Service, use the Service or provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address or any screen name or user name you may use. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a person under 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a person under 13, please contact us at privacy@ServicePower.com.
Data Security
We have implemented measures designed to secure your personal and business information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration and disclosure. All information you provide to us is stored on third-party secure servers behind firewalls. Payment transactions are encrypted using SSL technology.
The safety and security of your information also depends on you. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of the Service, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal and business information transmitted to the Service. Any transmission of personal and business information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Service.
Changes to This Policy
It is our policy to post any changes we make to our privacy policy on this page with a notice that the privacy policy has been updated on the Service’s dashboard page. If we make material changes to how we treat our users' personal information, we will notify you by e-mail to the e-mail address specified in your account and/or through a notice on the Service dashboard page. The date the privacy policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page. You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-todate active and deliverable e-mail address for you, and for periodically visiting the Service and viewing this privacy policy to check for any changes.
Contact Information To ask questions or comment about this privacy policy and our privacy practices, contact us at privacy@ServicePower.com.
Get In Touch
Contact Support
Contact us
Subscribe to our Newsletter
By signing up, you agree to our Terms & Conditions.
ServicePower is a leading field-service management software company focused on providing an exceptional customer experience, while delivering significant operational efficiencies. Trusted by field-service organizations around the world such as GE Appliances, LG, Electrolux and Siemens, ServicePower offers the only SaaS platform that helps companies efficiently manage both employed and contracted technicians. ServicePower also offers a fully managed network of contracted service providers to enable on-demand and rapid field-service delivery in hard-to-reach locations across North America and Europe.
Products
Industries
Resources
Copyright 2020 ©   Privacy Policy
Third party trademarks, logos and trade names appearing on the site are the property of their respective owners.