https://www.suntecgroup.com/privacypolicy/
Skip to content
Cookie & Privacy Policy
SunTec Business Solutions is committed to protecting your privacy. This privacy policy applies to those who visit www.suntecgroup.com (Website) as well as customers (“We”, “Us” or “Our”). This privacy policy describes how SunTec collects, uses and shares the personal information you provide to us. It also describes the choices available to you regarding the use of, your access to, and how to update and correct your personal information. The use of information collected through our products and services shall be limited to the purpose of providing the products and services for which our customer has contracted with SunTec. If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, the practices of this website or your dealings with this website, you may contact us at dpo@suntecgroup.com or the address mentioned at the end of this page.
We also have a dedicated data protection officer, who may be contacted in relation to any privacy or data protection issues through the above email address.
Key Terms of Policy:
Who is covered by this Policy?
Online visitors to www.suntecgroup.com (Website) as well as customers.
What Information do we collect?
When you visit and interact with our websites, or communicate with or otherwise contact us, we may collect, use, share and process information relating to you (“Personal Data”).
The Personal Data that we collect directly from you includes the following:
If you express an interest in obtaining additional information about our services, request customer support, use our “Contact Us” or similar features, register to use our websites, sign up for an event, webinar or contest, or download certain content, we may require that you provide to us your contact information, such as your name, job title, company name, address, phone number, email address or username and password;
If you attend an event, we may upon your consent scan your attendee badge, which will provide to us your name, title, company name, address, country, phone number and email address;
If you register for an online community that we host, we may ask you to provide a username, photo and/or biographical information, such as your occupation, social media profiles, company name and areas of expertise;
If you use and interact with our websites, we automatically collect log files and other information about your device and your usage of our websites through cookies, web beacons or similar technologies, such as Internet Protocol (IP) addresses or other identifiers, which may qualify as Personal Data. If you visit our offices, you may be required to register as a visitor and to provide your name, email address, phone number, company name and time and date of arrival.
If you provide to us or to our service providers any Personal Data relating to other individuals, you represent that you have the authority to do so and permit us to use the Personal Data in accordance with this Privacy Statement.
Personal Data we collect from other sources
We also collect information about you from other sources, including third parties from whom we have collected Personal Data, and combine this information with Personal Data provided by you. This helps us to update, expand and analyze our records, identify new customers and create more tailored advertising to provide services that may be of interest to you. In particular, we collect Personal Data from the following sources:
Third party providers of business contact information, including mailing addresses, job titles, email addresses, phone numbers, intent data (or user behaviour data), IP addresses, social media profiles, LinkedIn URLs and custom profiles, for purposes of targeted advertising, delivering relevant email content, event promotion and profiling; and
Platforms such as GitHub, to manage code check-ins and pull requests. If you participate in an open source or community development project, we may associate your code repository username with your community account, so we can inform you of program changes that are important to your participation or relating to additional security requirements.
How do we use this information?
We collect and process Personal Data for a variety of purposes, including:
The processing of your name and contact information to provide you with information about our products, manage your registration for and attendance at our events and webinars or for office visits, manage your registration for contests or promotions if applicable, provide you with customer support or otherwise communicate with you.
The processing of device and usage data to improve and customize our websites and to guarantee our websites’ security and continued proper functioning; The processing of your billing information to complete transactions with you when you purchase our products or services;
To display personalized advertisements to you and to send to you marketing communications about us, our products and our services; and
To comply with our legal obligations under applicable laws and cooperate with public and government authorities.
We only collect and process your Personal Data to the extent it is necessary for fulfilling these purposes and where we can rely on a legal basis for such processing as set out in our Privacy Statement. Where required, we will ask you for your prior consent to processing.
Who else may access this information?
In addition to authorised SunTec personnel who may access your information for the purposes discussed in this policy, some of our third-party vendors may also have access to your information. Vendors of the sub-processors may also have access to your information.
Do we use Cookies?
Yes, we do. We also may collect log files for behavioural advertising (which you can opt out of). We use cookies to enable website functionality, understand the performance of our site, provide social media features, and serve more relevant content to you. We may also place cookies on our and our partners’ behalf to help us deliver more targeted ads and assess the performance of these campaigns. Click here to know more about our cookies policies
How can you exercise your rights as a data subject?
Data subject’s access rights can be exercised by contacting us at dpo@suntecgroup.com.
How will we keep you informed of changes to this Policy?
We periodically review this Policy and will endeavour to notify you of any changes by email. However, please continue to check this page for updates.
How do we protect your information?
The following steps are implemented in the corporate site in accordance with GDPR compliance.
The site is protected for any data breach through hacking/unauthorized access. Regular and random security reviews and monitoring is done to ensure data security of the site and the plugins used in the site. SSL certificate for TLS is implemented and site sends data over an encrypted connection.
Implemented required script changes for the integrated Act-On marketing platform.
Do we share any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personal information. We will share your personal information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy policy.
Legal Obligations
We may also disclose your personal information as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena or similar legal process when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request. If SUNTEC is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our website, of any change in ownership, uses of your personal information, and choices you may have regarding your personal information. We may also disclose your personal information to any other third party with your prior consent.
User Access and Choice
Upon request SUNTEC will provide you with information about whether we hold any of your personal information. You may access, correct, request deletion of your personal information, or withdraw provided consent by contacting us at dpo@suntecgroup.com
Please note that, in relation to marketing and Sales, the personal information we collect is that which is provided to us by customers\third party tool we work with.
Data Retention
We will retain your information as needed to provide you services. Once your relationship with SUNTEC is terminated, we will delete any personal information we hold within a period of 60 days from date of termination. Even if you close your account with SUNTEC, we will still retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, financial/audit requirements, to resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. However, we will identify your account in our database as “deleted” or “closed”.
Opt-out Preferences
When you register for an account, we will use your name and email address which you have opted-in to send periodic emails to you of both promotional and transactional in nature. Out of respect for your privacy, you may choose to stop receiving promotional emails by following the unsubscribe instructions included in these emails or you can contact us at dpo@suntecgroup.com.
Data Portability
Upon request, we will endeavour to provide you with a complete copy of your personal data held or processed by us in a structured, commonly accepted, and machine-readable format. We have provided this as a part of service to download required data whenever needed by the customer themselves.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include links to our merchant partners (third party products or services) on our website. These third-party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Blog
Our website offers publicly accessible blogs. The comments on our blog are managed by a third-party application that may require you to register to post a comment. We do not have access or control of the information posted to the blog comments. You will need to contact or login into the third-party application if you want your personal information that was posted to the comments section removed. To learn how the third-party application uses your information, please review their privacy policy.
Testimonials
We display personal testimonials of satisfied customers on our website in addition to other endorsements. With your consent, we may post your testimonial along with your name. If you wish to update or delete your testimonial, you can contact us at dpo@suntecgroup.com.
Terms and Conditions
Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our online
Changes to our Privacy Policy
We may update this privacy policy to reflect changes to our information practices. If we make any material changes, we will notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on this website prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, the practices of this website or your dealings with this website, you may contact us using the information below:
SunTec Business Solutions Pvt. Ltd., Vikramapuram hills, Kuravankonam, Kowdiar P.O, Trivandrum 695003Tel: +91 471 3918300, 2539166, 2539600
We also have a data protection officer who may be contacted in relation to any privacy or data protection issues through the above address or email ID dpo@suntecgroup.com.
We use cookies to enable website functionality, understand the performance of our site, provide social media features, and serve more relevant content to you. We may also place cookies on our and our partners’ behalf to help us deliver more targeted ads and assess the performance of these campaigns. You may review Privacy Policy here and Cookies Policy here. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.