http://www.jarothermal.com/privacy-policy.aspx
JARO part finder
Catalog Download
Tradeshows
Support
Company
Products
Where To Buy
Sales Representatives
Authorized Distributors
Services
Quality
Contact
Privacy Policy
Basic Principles
JARO Thermal, Inc. will not collect or maintain Personal Data that is not relevant to or not required for the conduct of business and will take reasonable steps to assure that Personal Data remains accurate.
Personal Data will be treated as confidential, and sufficient internal procedures and controls will be employed to prevent unauthorized access, disclosure, use, copying, modification, destruction. Personal Data maintained by JARO Thermal, Inc. will not be used for purposes that are incompatible with the purposes for which it was collected. Personal Data will not be transferred to third parties, except as required for the conduct of business, and only to third parties who have agreed in writing to protect the privacy of Personal Data.
Opting Out Of Email Communications
You can choose not to receive emails from Jaro Thermal at any time by simply sending an email, including your name and email address, to never@jarothermal.com and we'll remove you from all mailings.
JARO Thermal, Inc. will treat all Personal Data in our possession as confidential, and maintain internal procedures and controls designed to prevent unauthorized or unlawful processing of data and against accidental loss or, destruction of, or damage to, Personal Data.
Security:
Personal Data in Jaro Thermal's custody or control is protected by appropriate technology, policies and procedures designed to prevent unauthorized use, access, disclosure, modification, copying or destruction and to maintain the integrity, availability and privacy of Personal Data.
Third Parties:
JARO Thermal, Inc. maintains collaborative relationships with vendors, subcontractors, strategic partners, and others who assist us and our customers in the conduct of our respective businesses. From time to time JARO Thermal, Inc. may transfer Personal Data to these parties to enable them to work with JARO Thermal, Inc., but we require that they maintain the privacy of Personal Data in a manner satisfactory to JARO Thermal, Inc. and consistent with applicable law.
Newsletter Signup!
Thanks for signing up!
Sign Up
By submitting this form, you are granting JARO Thermal permission to email you. You may unsubscribe via the link found at the bottom of every email. (See our Email Privacy Policy for details.) Emails are serviced by Constant Contact.
Company
About
Careers
Contact
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Products
Catalog Download
Part Search
New Products
Quality
ISO9001 Certificate
RoHS Declaration
Reach Declaration
Conflict Minerals Policy
Human Trafficking
Follow
Locations
6600 Park of Commerce Blvd
Boca Raton, Florida 33487
P: 561-241-6700
F: 561-241-3328
JARO THERMAL TAIWAN
Building H, No.119-1, Zhudong Rd.
Renwu District,
Kaohsiung City, Taiwan 81448
P: +886-7-375-2053
F: +886-7-374-7403
Custom Website by 561Media