http://www.ecreations.net/privacy-policy
Skip to contentCareersNews & PressBlog623.434.1622
We're Serious About PrivacyThis Privacy Policy was last updated effective June 28, 2020.We are eCreations, LLC (“eCreations”) of 2222 W. Parkside Ln., Suite 116, Phoenix, AZ 85027, USA.All references to “we”, “us”, or “our” shall be construed to mean eCreations.When We Act as Controller and ProcessoreCreations will be acting as the “Controller” of the personal data you provide directly to us via forms on our website, when creating an account, or via other contact methods. You are not required to provide your personal information for purposes of navigating through the public areas of our website.If you are an employee or an authorized user or agent of one of our clients which have entered into an agreement with us for the products or services we provide, we will be acting as the “Processor” of your personal data transmitted by our client. Our client will be acting as Controller of your information. As processor, we do not own, control, or direct the use of any data provided to us by our customers which act as Controllers.Personally Identifiable Information“Personally Identifiable Information” (or “PII”) refers to contact information that directly or indirectly tells specifically who you are, such as your name, phone number, company name, job, email, postal address, or any other information that could be linked to you with reasonable effort. We do not collect sensitive information such as location information (GPS), racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, or trade union membership, genetic data, biometric data, data concerning health or data concerning a natural person’s sex life or sexual orientation.Passively or Automatically Collected DataPassively or automatically collected data (referred to as “Usage Data”) is collected as you use our website. We may use automated means to collect various types of information about you, your computer or other device used to access this site, its services, related Web applications, and downloadable software. This information is based on your usage of this site and may be based on your visitation to other websites. Usage Data is essentially anonymous when collected, but could be used indirectly to identify a person.Why We Need Your DataWe need to know the PII you provide to us directly in our capacity as controller for purposes of responding to your inquiry from the forms of our website and other contact methods. In addition, we need to know your PII to send you emails for other specific purposes and for sharing your PII for purposes as described in the Information Sharing and Disclosure section below. We also need to know the PII of authorized users of our clients when we act in our capacity as processor for purposes of managing the authorized use of our services.How We Collect and Use Your DataeCreations collects PII directly from you when you make an inquiry from the forms on our site and other contact methods, and when you request that we send you emails. Before collecting your PII, you will have the option to give or withhold your consent for our sending you emails including our use of your PII for marketing emails to promote our products or products similar to our products or services. You may withdraw your consent at any time by unsubscribing to our emails by using an opt-out link contained in every non-transactional email.We collect Usage Data as described above and with “cookies”. For additional information and how to set your browser to refuse to accept “cookies”, see the “COOKIES” section below.We may make full, unrestricted use of Usage Data for any purpose in our sole discretion, including without limitation, to customize re-marketing ads, offers and content made available to you based on your visits to and/or usage of this site or its services, and to analyze the performance of those ads, offers and content, as well as your interaction with them.Subject to your right to opt-out, we may combine Usage Data with PII that we collect, and use the combined data to create profiles about you only for purposes of improving ourproducts and services and your user experience with our products and services.How Long We Keep Your DataWe will not retain your PII for longer than required. This means that we will keep your PII for any or a combination of time periods described as follows: (i) for as long as required by law, (ii) until we no longer have a valid reason for keeping it, (iii) until you request us to stop using it, or (iv) for so long as our client for which you are an authorized user remains a client. When we delete your PII from our databases, it will remain in our backup system until it cycles out.Information Sharing and DisclosureGeneral Disclosure Policy. We may share and disclose your PII as described below. We may share and disclose Usage Data without restriction, including without limitation, as described below. Please contact us at admin@eCreations.net to opt out of all information sharing with a third party. Affiliated Entities. We may provide your PII and Usage Data to any affiliated entities we may have, including our subsidiaries. Affiliated entities are entities that we legally control (by voting rights) or that control us.Sub-ProcessorsWe may provide access to your PII and Usage Data to our trusted and vetted sub-processors who assist us with the operation and maintenance of this website and services. For example, we may contract with third parties to process payments, host our servers, provide security, and provide production, fulfillment, optimization, analytics, reporting, and software maintenance and development services. In addition, our sub-processors will be given access to your information only as is reasonably necessary to provide the services for which they are contracted.SuccessorsIf we sell or otherwise transfer part or all of our business or assets to another organization, such as in the course of an acquisition, merger, bankruptcy or liquidation, we may transfer your PII and Usage Data. In such an event, we will require the buyer or transferee to agree to our commitments provided in this Privacy Policy.Compelling Obligations. Except for sharing your information as described in this Information Sharing and Disclosure Section, eCreations will not disclose information about you or the contents of your communications unless compelled to do so in the good-faith belief that such action is reasonably necessary (a) to comply with the law; (b) to comply with legal process; (c) to enforce these terms and conditions; (d) to respond to claims that any content violates the rights of third parties; (e) to facilitate the terms of an acquisition of eCreations by, or merger with, another company, or (f) to protect eCreations’ interests regarding its property, including without limitation its intellectual property.Authorized Resellers & Partners. We may share your PII and Usage Data with our authorized resellers and partners so that they can provide clients with timely, helpful information about our products and services. Our resellers and partners are contractually obligated to abide by the eCreations’ privacy policy, preventing them from sharing your information with any other third parties. We do not have any resellers in the EU; however, if we were to have then, we will determine and validate that they will have suitable safeguards to protect your information.Marketing Partners for Purposes of Re-Marketing. We may share your information with 3rd party vendors for purposes of re-marketing. For a description of re-marketing and your opt-out rights, see the RE-MARKETING section below.Your California Privacy Rights. Under California Law SB 27, California residents have the right to receive, once a year, information about third parties with whom we have shared information about you or your family for their marketing purposes during the previous calendar year, and a description of the categories of personal information shared. To make such a request, please send an email to the email address provided in our contact information below and include the phrase “California Privacy Request” in the subject line, the domain name of the website you are inquiring about, along with your name, address and email address. We will respond to you within thirty days of receiving such a request.Cookies and Opt-Out ProcedureseCreations may automatically collect Usage Data through the use of “cookies.” Cookies are small text files a website uses to recognize repeat users, facilitate the user’s ongoing access to the site, and facilitate the use of the site. “Cookies” also allow a site to track usage behavior and compile site-usage information that will allow for the improvement of content.Domain Cookie Name Purpose Persistence DurationDomain: eCreations.netCookie: _ga UA-1286168-1Cookie Usage: Google Analytics – logs application usage data in Google AnalyticsDuration of information collected: 5 yearsYou may refuse to accept cookies by activating the setting on your browser which allows you to refuse the setting of cookies. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our site. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you log on to our site.RemarketingeCreations uses 3rd party vendor remarketing tracking cookies and pixels, including the Google Adwords tracking cookie, Adroll tracking pixel, and the Facebook tracking pixel. This means we may continue to show ads to you across the internet, specifically on the Google Content Network (GCN) and through Adroll’s network for remarketing. The third-party vendors, including Google, will place cookies on web browsers in order to serve ads based on past visits to our website. This allows us to make special offers and continue to market our products to those who have shown interest in them. We do not remarket to users in the European Union. You may opt-out of Google’s use of cookies by visiting the Ads Preferences Manager. You can opt-out of Adroll’s remarketing by visiting the Your Ad Choices website. Also, you can opt out of other third-party use of cookies by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.AnalyticsWe may participate with third party analytics partners to monitor and analyze Web traffic and to keep track of user behavior on this site. Google Analytics (Google) – Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google Inc. (“Google”). Google utilizes the data collected to track and examine the use of this site, to prepare reports on its activities, and to share them with other Google services. Information collected: cookie and Usage Data. Visit Privacy Policy at https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies. You may opt-out of the Google Analytics service with the Google’s Browser Add-on that’s available at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.Your RightsUse the CONTACT US section below for purposes of inquiring about your rights.You may contact us to find out if we are processing your PII. If we are, you can ask us what Personally Identifiable Information of yours we hold and what we do with your data. If you would like, we can also provide you (or, where technically feasible, your chosen third party) with a copy of any PII that we hold about you, subject to a fee specified by law (not to exceed the reproduction cost of such document).We may decline a request for access to or correction of PII in circumstances prescribed by the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) (Australia), and if we do, we will provide you with a written notice that sets out the reasons for the refusal (unless it would be unreasonable to provide those reasons) and the mechanisms available to you to make a complaint.In addition, you may: (i) request access to and rectification or erasure of your PII, (ii) request restriction of processing your PII, and (iii) withdraw your consent at any time. If you provide a notice to us regarding your exercise any of the above rights, we will forward your notice to other authorized parties which are holding and processing your PII, where appropriate.Privacy Shield Notice for Users in the European UnioneCreations, LLC complies with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Union and Switzerland to the United States. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, please visit https://www.privacyshield.gov.In compliance with the EU-US Privacy Shield Principles, eCreations, LLC commits to resolve complaints about our collection or use of your personal information. EU and Swiss Individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our Privacy Shield policy should first contact eCreations, LLC at admin@eCreations.net.eCreations, LLC has further committed to refer unresolved Privacy Shield complaints to the EU Data Protection Authorities. Contact details for the EU data protection authorities can be found at http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/bodies/authorities/index_en.htm. eCreations, LLC will cooperate with the appropriate EU Data Protection Authorities during investigation and resolution of complaints brought under Privacy Shield. These recourse mechanisms are available at no cost to you.eCreations, LLC’s compliance with this Policy and the EU-US Privacy Shield Framework. As a last resort, privacy complaints that remain unresolved after pursuing these and other channels may be subject to binding arbitration before the Privacy Shield Panel to be created jointly by the US Department of Commerce and the European Commission.International Transfers.If you are from outside the U.S., understand that you are sending PII and Usage Data to the United States where our servers are located. That information may be then transferred within the U.S. or back out of the U.S. to other countries outside of your country of residence. Except for the U.S., these countries many not necessarily have data protection laws as comprehensive or protective as those in your country of residence; however, our collection, storage, and use of your PII and Usage Data will at all times be governed by this Privacy Policy.Links to Other WebsitesThis site may contain links to other websites. Your click-through information and any information that you provide in that process may be transferred to these sites. We have no responsibility or liability for the policies and practices of these sites. You should be careful to review any privacy policies posted on any of these sites before providing information to them.Children’s Online PolicyWe are committed to preserving online privacy for all of its website visitors, including children. This site is a general audience site. Consistent with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), we will not knowingly collect any information from, or sell to, children under the age of 13. If you are a parent or guardian who has discovered that your child under the age of 13 has submitted his or her personally identifiable information without your permission or consent, we will remove the information from our active list, at your request. To request the removal of your child’s information, please contact our site as provided below under “CONTACT US”, and be sure to include in your message the same login information that your child submitted.Do Not Track RequestsSome Web browsers incorporate a “Do Not Track” feature that signals to websites that you visit that you do not want to have your online activity tracked. Each browser communicates “Do Not Track” signals to websites differently, making it unworkable to honor each and every request correctly. In order to alleviate any communication error between browsers and website, we do not respond to “Do Not Track” signals at this time. As the technology and communication between browser and website improves, we will reevaluate the ability to honor “Do Not Track” signals and may make changes to our policy.Inquiries and ComplaintsIf you have any inquiries or complaints about our use of your PII, please let us know. You can contact us at any time via the CONTACT US section below, and we will take reasonable steps to investigate the complaint and respond to you.Contact UseCreations, LLC2222 W. Parkside Ln., Suite 116Phoenix, AZ 85027623.434.1622admin@ecreations.netOriginal Privacy Policy, similar to this has been established since October 27, 1997. These updates are effective December 17, 2019 for purposes of compliance with the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).We'd love to talk with you about your project!
Get on our schedule for a no obligationno pressure and no cost consultation to discuss your web or digital marketing project!Schedule Your Consultation Now!Our Offerings
Website Analysis
Website Design
WordPress Development
WooCommerce Experts
Digital Marketing
Digital & Business Consulting
Website Maintenance & Updates
About Us
Portfolio
About
Credentials
Our Team
Careers
Resources
Blog
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Visit us
2222 W. Parkside Ln.Suite 116Phoenix, AZ 85027
623.434.1622
Facebook-f
Twitter
Linkedin
Yelp
Copyright © 2020 eCreations
×
Username
Password
Remember Me
LoginForgot your password? Get helpPrivacy Policy
Username or E-mail
Request Reset Password LinkA password reset link will be e-mailed to you.Privacy PolicyBack to
Login×Close Panel
Item added to your cart0 items in the cart ($0.00)
Continue Shopping
Go To The Cart
By continuing to use this website, you consent to the use of cookies in accordance with our Privacy Policy.Accept