http://www.motherboard.ie/privacy-terms-and-cookies/
Privacy, Terms & Cookies
Data Protection StatementThis statement confirms Motherboard’s commitment to protect your privacy and to process your personal information in a manner that meets the requirements of the EU’s General Data Protection Regulation.Who are we?Motherboard Ltd provides IT support, and hardware and software solutions to small and medium (SME) businesses in the greater Dublin area. Motherboard’s registered address is 28-30 Rathmines Park, Rathmines, Dublin 6, D06 F8Y1 and our company registration number is 265988.How do we collect information from you?We obtain information about you when we provide IT support services or when we provide you with hardware or software.  We may also collect information about you when you visit us or telephone us with an enquiry.What type of information is collected from you?The personal information we collect might include your name, address, email address, telephone number, IP address, and relevant passwords to allow us to work on your IT equipment. If you purchase a product from us and pay by bank transfer or credit card, we do not hold bank details or credit card information.  Credit card information is collected by our third-party payment processors, who specialise in the secure online capture and processing of credit/debit card transactions, and for bank payments it is you who pay us by electronic funds transfer directly with your own bank.How is your information used?We may use your information to:To carry out IT support arising from any contracts entered into by you and us
Dealing with ad-hoc repairs to your equipment at our offices
To provide follow-up customer service
To provide licensing and registration information
Complaints and dispute handling
Seek your views or comments on the service we provide
Improve our services
Send you communications which you have requested or that may be of interest to you. These may include information about the products and services we supply including Email and Web Security.
To comply with our legal and regulatory obligations
Process a job application
Retention of personal information
We will not keep your personal information for longer than is necessary for our purposesWe review our retention periods for personal information on a regular basis. We are legally required to hold some types of information to fulfil our statutory obligations. We will hold your personal information on our systems for as long as is necessary for the relevant activity, or as long as is set out in any relevant contract you hold with us.Who has access to this information?Only staff members of Motherboard Ltd have access to your information. We do use a CRM system and our supplier is a data processor on our behalf.We do not sell or rent your information to third partiesWe will not share your information with third parties for marketing purposes.CookiesThis website uses Google Analytics tracking which has been set to anonymise traffic data, so we cannot identify users or access any personal data. There are no other cookies set for this website.Google Analytics with anonymised IP works by shortening Users' IP addresses within member states of the European Union or in other contracting states to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. This information is stored by Google Inc. and subject to their privacy policy, which can be viewed here: https://safety.googleOpt-out Google have developed a Google Analytics opt-out browser extension to provide the ability to prevent any data from being collected for analytics.Your ChoicesYou have a choice in relation to whether or not you wish to receive information from us. If you do not want to receive direct marketing communications from us about our products and services, then you can let us know that by unsubscribing from our communications by clicking the ‘Unsubscribe’ button or by verbally telling us during a telephone call or by emailing info@motherboard.ie and letting us know.We will not contact you for marketing purposes by email, phone or text message if you have opted out of this type of communication. It is rare for us to contact you by post, but we will not contact you for marketing purposes by post if you have indicated that you do not wish to be contacted this way. You can change your marketing preferences at any time by contacting us by email: info@motherboard.ie or by telephone on 01-5180348.How you can access and update your informationThe accuracy of your information is important to us. You have the right to ask for a copy of the information Motherboard Ltd hold about you and there is no cost for these requests. To do this you should complete our Subject Access Request form – available on request to info@motherboard.ie . This can then be emailed to info@motherboard.ie or sent to us by post to Motherboard, 28-30 Rathmines Park, Rathmines Dublin 6 D06 F8Y1.If you change email address or think any of the other information we hold is inaccurate or out of date, please email us info@motherboard.ie or write to us by post to Motherboard, 28-30 Rathmines Park, Rathmines Dublin 6 D06 F8Y1.Security Precautions in place to protect your information.Motherboard has appropriate technical and organisational measures in place to prevent the unauthorised or unlawful processing of your personal information, and accidental loss or destruction of, or damage to, your personal information.In case of Data Breach at MotherboardIf Motherboard becomes aware of a security breach to any data that we hold that is Customer Personal Data and which results in accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorised disclosure of, or access to Customer Personal Data, Motherboard will notify the Customer without undue delay and will notify supervisory authorities under the Data Protection Legislation. Such notification shall be provided to the Customer Representative (in the case of a company) or the Customer himself/herself where the business relationship is with an individual client. For the avoidance of doubt, Motherboard shall not be required to notify Customer Representative / Customer of any unsuccessful attempts or activities that do not compromise the security of Customer Personal Data, including unsuccessful log-in attempts, pings, port scans, denial of service attacks, and other network attacks on Motherboard firewalls or networked systems.All companies or individual customers whose IT equipment and/or infrastructure is supported by Motherboard are solely responsible for complying with incident notification laws applicable to the Company or Customer under the Data Protection Legislation. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Motherboard will cooperate and provide all reasonable assistance with respect to complying with third party notification obligations under the Data Protection Legislation.Motherboard’s notification of or response to a data breach incident will not be construed as an acknowledgement by Motherboard of any fault or liability with respect to the data breach.Links to other websitesThe Motherboard website will from time to time contain links to other sites.  Motherboard Ltd is not responsible for the data protection and privacy practices within any of these other sites. We encourage you to be aware of this when you leave our site and to read the data protection and privacy statements on other websites you visit which may collect personally identifiable information. This statement applies only to our website.Transferring your information outside of EuropeWe use secure European servers to store your data, and will not transfer your information outside of the EU.  We take steps to ensure that appropriate security measures are taken with the aim of ensuring that your privacy rights continue to be protected as outlined in this Policy.Complaints about how we process your personal informationIn the first instance, an individual should contact Motherboard. Complaints should be addressed to:The Managing Director, Motherboard Ltd, 28-30 Rathmines Park, Rathmines, Dublin 6, D06 F8Y1, IrelandEmail: info@motherboard.ieHow to get more informationIf you have any questions about this statement, please contact:Motherboard Ltd, 28-30 Rathmines Park, Rathmines, Dublin 6, D06 F8Y1, IrelandEmail: info@motherboard.ieIntellectual Property RightsAll material either on the Motherboard website or provided by Motherboard Ltd in hard copy is owned by Motherboard Ltd or is authorised for use by Motherboard Ltd and is protected by the laws of the Republic of Ireland.DisclaimerWhile every reasonable effort is made to ensure that the information held by Motherboard is accurate, no guarantees for the currency or accuracy of information are made. Information held by Motherboard on third parties is held ‘as is’ and Motherboard Ltd does not warrant that the information that it holds on your IT equipment will be uninterrupted or error free. These terms and conditions shall be covered by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Republic of Ireland. Any dispute arising under these Terms and Conditions shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the Republic of Ireland.This statement may change from time to time. You should therefore review it regularly. Last updated September 2019.