http://www.freephpbb3.com/privacy.html
HomeCreate Free ForumFeaturesDirectorySupportAUPPrivacy
freephpbb3
PRIVACY
freephpbb3.com knows that you care how information about you is used and shared, and we appreciate your trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly. This statement describes our privacy policy. By visiting freephpbb3.com, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Notice. The information we learn from customers helps us personalize and continually improve your experience at atfreeforum.com. Here are the types of information we gather:
We receive and store any information you enter on our Web site or give us in any other way. You can choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of our features.
We use the information that you provide for such purposes as responding to your requests and communicating with you. Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser and to provide some features. Information about our customers is an important part of our business, and we are not in the business of selling it to others.
We share your information only with your consent or as requested by the authority (police etc.) It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer. Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer freephpbb3.com does not provide service for children under 18 years old. If you are below 18 years old, you may use freephpbb3.com only with the involvement of a parent or guardian.
If you choose to visit freephpbb3.com, your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Statement and our Term of Service. If you have any concern about privacy at freephpbb3.com, please send us a thorough description on our support forum.
© 2006 freephpbb3. All rights reserved.
free online flash games      phpbb      opteron      centos
Backup Types
First phpbb 3 provider
freephpbb3.com is the first free forum provider running on phpbb 3 (code name: phpbb olympus).
Cloud Mining
Opteron servers
Our free forum network consist of multiple Dual Opteron servers. New servers will be added when they have used 75% of the resources.
Top Notch Data Center
All servers are colocated at top notch data center with premium tier one bandwidth. We proudly boast a 99.9% uptime.
24x7 support
free 24x7 forum support with an average response of 3 hours.
Run by Professionals
Unlike other free forum providers, freephpbb3.com are run by team of professionals. We have been providing free forum service since end 2003.