http://www.newnex.com/privacy-policy.php
Toggle navigation
Home
Products
USB Repeaters and Hubs
USB 3.0 Active Cables
USB C Cables
USB 3.0/3.1 Cables
USB 2.0 Cables
FireWire Products
Connectors
Custom Cables
Optical Repeaters
Dongle Repeaters
Industrial Hubs
KVM Repeater
A to A Female
A to B
A to Micro B
A to C
C to C
Azure Kinect Cable
C to C Full Feature Cables
USB C Legacy Cables
USB Type-C Flat Cables
Straight Cables
Right Angle Cables
Screw Locking Cables
Panel Mount Cables
High Flex Robotic Cables
Waterproof Cables
Straight Cables
Right Angle Cables
Screw Locking Cables
Panel Mount Cables
High Flex Robotic Cables
Repeaters
Straight Cables
Right Angle Cables
Screw Locking Cables
Panel Mount Cables
High Flex Cables
USB 3.0 Connectors
USB 2.0 Connectors
FireWire Connectors
GigE Vision Self-Assembly Plug Kits
Newnex's interactive and user-friendly cable configurator is capable for incorporatingdifferent types of connectors and cables for creating custom cable assemblies for your special needs.
USB 2.0
USB 3.0/3.1
FireWire
Length of the cable is measured from Tip to Tip
Low MOQ and quick turn around
Products
USB Repeaters and Hubs
USB 3.0 Active Cables
USB Type C Cables
USB 3.0 Cables
USB 2.0 Cables
FireWire Rpeaters / Cables
Custom Cable
USB 2.0
USB 3.0/ 3.1 Gen 1
1394 FireWire
News & Events
Where to Buy
Technology
Related Standards
USB Connector Type Guide
White Papers
USB for Video Conferencing
USB for Machine Vision
USB for 3D Depth Sensing
Support
Customer Support
Compliance
FAQ
Return Policy
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
All use of "Newnex" World Wide Web pages or print pages is subject to the terms and conditions set forth below. Any use in such Web pages or printed pages constitutes the user's agreement to abide by the following terms and conditions.
Copyright
All information provided by Newnex and its affiliates is owned by or licensed to Newnex and its affiliates ("Newnex Information"). Newnex retains all proprietary rights to Newnex Information. Newnex has the right to use all material entered into these Web pages (other than third-party material transmitted through private electronic mail) in any of Newnex's print or electronic publications. Except for making only one hard copy print of limited portions of Newnex Information on an ad hoc basis or downloading as expressly authorized by Newnex, Newnex Information may not be reproduced, transmitted or distributed without Newnex's permission.
Newnex makes no guarantees or warranties as to the accuracy or completeness of or results to be obtained from accessing and using Newnex Information. Neither Newnex nor its affiliates shall be liable to any user or anyone else for any inaccuracy, error or omission, regardless of cause, in Newnex Information or for any damages resulting therefrom.
User Information
Users entering materials on any of these Web pages are responsible for the content of that material. Newnex has no responsibility for the content of any messages or information posted by users, or for the content of information of third-parties on the Internet, even if accessed through Newnex pages.
However, Newnex retains the right, which it may or may not exercise, in its sole discretion, to review, edit or delete from the service any third-party material which Newnex deems to be illegal, offensive or otherwise inappropriate. Users may through hypertext or other computer links gain access to other sites on the Internet which are not part of Newnex's Web pages. Newnex assumes no responsibility for any material outside of Newnex's Web pages which may be accessed through any such link. The user agrees to indemnify Newnex from any damages, losses, costs or expenses which Newnex, its affiliates, their respective employees and authorized representatives may incur as a result of material entered into these Web pages by the user.
Newnex shall not be liable for any errors or delays in the content, or for any actions taken in reliance thereon. In no event shall Newnex be liable for direct, indirect, incidental or consequential damages resulting from the use of this information. Newnex shall be indemnified and held harmless from any actions, claims, proceedings or liabilities with respect to the information herein.
2020 © Newnex Technology Corp.
All Rights Reserved.
Privacy Policy
×Close
-
Download File