https://www.dragon2000.co.uk/cookie-policy/
Cookie Policy
To enhance your experience on our sites, many of our web pages use “cookies”. Cookies are small text files that we place in your computer’s browser to store your preferences.
Cookies, by themselves, do not tell us your email address or other personal information unless you choose to provide this information to us by, for example, registering at one of our sites. Once you choose to provide a web page with personal information, this information may be linked to the data stored in the cookie.
What is a cookie?
A cookie is like an identification card. It is unique to your computer and can only be read by the server that gave it to you. We use cookies to understand site usage and to improve the content and offerings on our sites. For example, we may use cookies to personalise your experience on our web pages (e.g. to recognise you by name when you return to our site). We also may use cookies to offer you products and services.
Cookies save you time as they help us to remember who you are. Cookies help us to be more efficient. We can learn about what content is important to you and what is not. We can revise or remove web pages that are not of interest and focus our energies on content you want. If you want to control which cookies you accept. You can configure your browser to accept all cookies or to alert you every time a cookie is offered by a website’s server.
Most browsers automatically accept cookies. You can set your browser option so that you will not receive cookies and you can also delete existing cookies from your browser. You may find that some parts of the site will not function properly if you have refused cookies. Please be aware that if you do not configure your browser you will accept cookies provided by this website. How to see cookies that you have accepted. You can configure your browser to accept all cookies or to alert you every time a cookie is offered by a website’s server. We may also use small pieces of software code called “web beacons” or “clear gifs” to collect anonymous and aggregate advertising matrix, such as counting page views, promotion views, or advertising responses.
A web beacon is an electronic image, called a single-pixel or clear GIF. Web beacons can recognise certain types of information on users computer, such as a user’s Cookie number, time and date of a page view, and description of the page where the web beacon is placed. You may render some web beacons unusable if you choose to reject their associated cookies. These web beacons may be used to deliver cookies that conform with our Cookie Policy.
Top
REQUEST MORE INFORMATION
*****I am interested in:Dealer Management SystemsCar Dealer WebsitesBothMobile Apps
I'd like to be contacted about product updates and other promotional offers
EmailThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
This iframe contains the logic required to handle Ajax powered Gravity Forms.
Privacy Policy
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. Accept to allow all cookies, or you can find out more information here:Review CookiesAcceptPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorised as necessary are stored on your browser as they are as essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyse and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent.
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorised as necessary are stored on your browser as they are as essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyse and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to gain your consent to enable these cookies and store them on your browser.