https://www.sohosoftware.net/privacy-policy/
Skip to primary navigation Skip to main content Skip to primary sidebar Skip to footerCookie Policy for SOHOSOFTWARE
This is the Cookie Policy for SOHOSOFTWARE, accessible from https://www.sohosoftware.net/
What Are Cookies
As is common practice with almost all professional websites this site uses cookies, which are tiny files that are downloaded to your computer, to improve your experience. This page describes what information they gather, how we use it and why we sometimes need to store these cookies. We will also share how you can prevent these cookies from being stored however this may downgrade or ‘break’ certain elements of the sites functionality.
For more general information on cookies see the Wikipedia article on HTTP Cookies.
How We Use Cookies
We use cookies for a variety of reasons detailed below. Unfortunately in most cases there are no industry standard options for disabling cookies without completely disabling the functionality and features they add to this site. It is recommended that you leave on all cookies if you are not sure whether you need them or not in case they are used to provide a service that you use.
Disabling Cookies
You can prevent the setting of cookies by adjusting the settings on your browser (see your browser Help for how to do this). Be aware that disabling cookies will affect the functionality of this and many other websites that you visit. Disabling cookies will usually result in also disabling certain functionality and features of the this site. Therefore it is recommended that you do not disable cookies.
The Cookies We Set
Site preferences cookiesIn order to provide you with a great experience on this site we provide the functionality to set your preferences for how this site runs when you use it. In order to remember your preferences we need to set cookies so that this information can be called whenever you interact with a page is affected by your preferences.
Third Party Cookies
In some special cases we also use cookies provided by trusted third parties. The following section details which third party cookies you might encounter through this site.
This site uses Google Analytics which is one of the most widespread and trusted analytics solution on the web for helping us to understand how you use the site and ways that we can improve your experience. These cookies may track things such as how long you spend on the site and the pages that you visit so we can continue to produce engaging content.For more information on Google Analytics cookies, see the official Google Analytics page.
Third party analytics are used to track and measure usage of this site so that we can continue to produce engaging content. These cookies may track things such as how long you spend on the site or pages you visit which helps us to understand how we can improve the site for you.
From time to time we test new features and make subtle changes to the way that the site is delivered. When we are still testing new features these cookies may be used to ensure that you receive a consistent experience whilst on the site whilst ensuring we understand which optimisations our users appreciate the most.
The Google AdSense service we use to serve advertising uses a DoubleClick cookie to serve more relevant ads across the web and limit the number of times that a given ad is shown to you.For more information on Google AdSense see the official Google AdSense privacy FAQ.
Sohosoftware.net relies on Google Services for display of ads in our Service. To Opt-Out of any targeted ads based on your activity on our site, please utilize the following URL: https://www.google.com/policies/technologies/ads/.
However if you are still looking for more information then you can contact us through one of our preferred contact methods:
By visiting this link: https://www.sohosoftware.net/contact/
Primary SidebarSearch this website
Recent Posts
Canon PIXMA MG2150 Printer Driver
Canon PIXMA MG2140 Printer Driver
HP OfficeJet Pro 9019 Printer Driver
HP OfficeJet Pro 9018 Printer Driver
HP OfficeJet Pro 9016 Printer Driver
FooterTOP DOWNLOAD
HP 5200 Printer Drivernu vot
UPDATE!
Canon PIXMA MG2150 Printer Driver
Canon PIXMA MG2140 Printer Driver
HP OfficeJet Pro 9019 Printer Driver
HP OfficeJet Pro 9018 Printer Driver
HP OfficeJet Pro 9016 Printer Driver
HP OfficeJet Pro 9015 Printer Driver
HP OfficeJet Pro 9014 Printer Driver
HP OfficeJet Pro 9013 Printer Driver
HP OfficeJet Pro 9012 Printer Driver
HP OfficeJet Pro 9010 Printer Driver
HP Officejet Pro 8745 Printer Driver
Search this website
error:
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website.OkPrivacy policy