https://www.tutorpro.com/privacy-policy-notice/
Privacy Policy Notice
Privacy Policy Notice
Overview
This Privacy Notice explains in detail the types of Personal Data TutorPro
may collect about you when you interact with us. It also explains how we’ll
store and handle that data, and keep it safe. We have included a lot of
information in this Privacy Notice because we want you to be fully informed
about your rights, and how TutorPro uses your data.
We hope the following sections will answer all questions you have but if
not, please do get in touch with us.
This policy was last updated on April 30th, 2018, to comply with the General
Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) that comes into effect on May 25th,
2018. Please be aware that it is likely that we’ll need to update this Privacy
Notice from time to time. We’ll notify you of any significant changes, but
you’re welcome to pop back and check it whenever you wish.
Understanding the Legal Bases That We Rely On
The law on data protection sets out a number of different reasons for which
an organisation may collect and process your personal data, including:
Consent
In specific situations, we can collect and process your data with your
consent.  For example, when you submit a website enquiry and tick a box to
receive TutorPro mailings. When collecting your personal data, we’ll always
make clear to you what data is necessary in connection with a particular
product or service.
Contractual Obligations
In certain circumstances, we need your personal data to comply with our
contractual obligations we have you, as a Client Family Member. For example, if
you subscribe or purchase a product or service from us, we’ll require your
Name, Email Address, Phone Number, Work Office Address and Firm’s Billing
Information.
Legal Compliance
If the law requires us to, we may need to collect and process your
data. For example, we can pass on details of people involved in fraud or
other criminal activity affecting TutorPro to law enforcement.
Legitimate Interest
In specific situations, we require your data to pursue our legitimate
interests in a way which might reasonably be expected as part of running our
business and which does not materially impact your rights, freedom or
interests. For example, we will use your subscription or purchase history to
send you or make available product updates or offers.
We will also use your email address details to send you direct marketing
information by email, telling you about products and services that we think
might interest you.
When Do We Collect Your Personal Data?
Here is a list of how we collect your Personal Data:
When you subscribe or purchase a TutorPro product or service.When you make an enquiry via the TutorPro website, or when you
comment on or review a blog post on the TutorPro website.When you contact us by any means with queries or complaints.When you engage with us on social media.When you choose to complete any surveys, we send you.
Any individual may access personal data related to them, including opinions
for third-parties. For example, if your comment or review on our website
includes information about a TutorPro Partner who provided that service, it may
be passed on to them if requested.
What Personal Data Does TutorPro Collect?
If you submit a web enquiry to us, or email TutorPro direct, your Name,
Email Address, Telephone Number and Work Office Address is collected.
If you are a Client Family Member using any of the TutorPro products or
services, we will collect your Name, Email Address, Telephone Number, Work
Office Address and Firm’s Billing Information. Other data, depending on the
TutorPro product or service you have, we may have collected your Date of Birth.
We will also collect information from interactions you have with us, online
or on a phone call. For example, details of any complaints or comments you
make, details of purchases you have made, web pages you visit, how and when you
contact us and which site you came from to ours. To deliver the best
possible web experience, we collect technical information, via Google
Analytics, about your internet connection and browser as well as the country
and telephone code where your computer is located, the web pages viewed during
your visit, and any search terms you entered
How and Why Does TutorPro Use Your Personal
Data?
Providing the best service is key at TutorPro HQ. We want to give you the
best possible experience. One way to achieve that is to get the richest picture
we can of who you are by combining the data we have about you. We then use this
to offer you promotions, products and services that are most likely to interest
you.
The data privacy law allows this as part of our legitimate interest in
understanding our customers and providing the highest levels of service.
Of course, if you wish to change how we use your data, you’ll find details
in the ‘What are my rights?’ section below.
Remember, if you choose not to share your personal data with us, or refuse
certain contact permissions, we might not be able to provide some services
you’ve asked for. For example, if you’ve asked us to let you know when product
updates are available, we can’t do that if you’ve withdrawn your general
consent to hear from us.
Here’s how we’ll use your personal
data and why:
To respond to your queries, and any complaints, handling the information you
sent enables us to respond to you. We may also keep a record of these to inform
any future communication with us and to demonstrate how we communicated with
you throughout. We do this on the basis of our contractual obligations to you,
our legal obligations and our legitimate interests in providing you with the
best service and understanding how we can improve our service based on your
experience.
With your consent, we will use your personal data, preferences and details
of your transactions to keep you informed by email, about relevant products and
services including tailored special offers, discounts, promotions, events, and
so on.
Of course, you are free to opt out of hearing from us by any of these
channels at any time.
TutorPro will not send any marketing communications to you by post.
To send you communications required by law or which are necessary to inform
you about our changes to the services we provide you. For example, updates to
this Privacy Notice. These messages will not include any promotional content
and do not require prior consent when sent by email or text message. If we do
not use your personal data for these purposes, we would be unable to comply
with our legal obligations.
To send you survey and feedback requests to help improve our products and
services. These messages will not include any promotional content and do not
require prior consent when sent by email or text message. We have a legitimate
interest to do so as this helps make our products or services more relevant to
you.
Combining your data for personalised direct
marketing?
We want to bring you offers and promotions that are most relevant to your
interests at particular times. To help us form a better, overall understanding
of you as a customer, we combine your personal data gathered across the
business as described above. For this purpose, we also combine the data that we
collect directly from you with data that we obtain from third party processors
such as Google Analytics.
How We Protect Your Personal Data
We know how much data security matters to all our Client Family Members and
potential Client Family Members. We will treat your data with the utmost care
and take all appropriate steps to protect it.
We secure access to all areas of our website using ‘https’ technology and
access to your personal data is password-protected.
Any Client Family Member using cloud-based services, your access is also via
‘https’ unless specified by your Data Controller and your data transferred
internally is via secured by SSL encryption.
We regularly monitor our system for possible vulnerabilities and attacks,
and we carry out penetration testing for the TutorPro LMS to identify ways to
further strengthen security.
How Long Will We Keep Your Personal Data?
Whenever we collect or process your personal data, we’ll only keep it for as
long as is necessary for the purpose for which it was collected.
At the end of that retention period, your data will either be deleted
completely or anonymised, for example by aggregation with other data so that it
can be used in a non-identifiable way for statistical analysis and business
planning.
An example of Client Family Member data retention periods;
When you subscribe to or purchase a product or product, we’ll keep the
personal and financial data you give us for six years, plus the current year,
so we can comply with our legal and contractual obligations.
Who Do We Share Your Personal Data With?
TutorPro does not share your personal data with any third parties for their
own purpose, such as marketing, unless otherwise stated below;
For fraud management, we may share information about fraudulent
or potentially fraudulent activity in our premises or systems. This may
include sharing data about individuals with law enforcement bodies.We may also be required to disclose your personal data to the
police or other enforcement, regulatory or Government body, in your
country of origin or elsewhere, upon a valid request to do so. These
requests are assessed on a case-by-case basis and take the privacy of our
customers into consideration.We may, from time to time, expand, reduce or sell the
Partnership and this may involve the transfer of divisions or the whole
business to new owners. If this happens, your personal data will, where
relevant, be transferred to the new owner or controlling party, under the
terms of this Privacy Notice.For further information please contact our Data Protection
Officer.
TutorPro uses trusted third parties to process some of the data. Here is a
current list of trusted third parties, who will process your Personal Data as
part of their contracts with us:
Microsoft Azure (Azure)MicrosoftWordPressGoogle AnalyticsFreshworksMatomoZabbixOSSECNagios
Here’s the policy we apply to those organisations to keep your data safe and
protect your privacy:
We provide only the information they need to perform their
specific services.They may only use your data for the exact purposes we specify
in our contract with them.We work closely with them to ensure that your privacy is
respected and protected at all times.If we stop using their services, any of your data held by them
will either be deleted or rendered anonymous.
Where Will Your Personal Data Be Processed?
Third Parties, such as Freshworks, are outside of the European Economic Area (EEA) and other third parties such as Azure may be outside of the EEA. We have procedures in place to ensure your data receives the same protection as if it were being processed inside the EEA. For example, our contracts with third parties stipulate the standards they must follow at all times.
Any transfer of your personal data will follow applicable laws and we will
treat the information under the guiding principles of this Privacy Notice.
What Are Your Rights Over Your Personal Data?
Here is an overview of your different rights;
You have the right to request:
Access to the personal data we hold about you.The correction of your personal data when incorrect, out of
date or incomplete. For example, when you withdraw consent, or object and we have
no legitimate overriding interest, or once the purpose for which we hold
the data has come to an end (such as the end of a warranty).That we stop using your personal data for direct marketing
(either through specific channels, or all channels).That we stop any consent-based processing of your personal data
after you withdraw that consent.Review by a Partner of any decision made based solely on
automatic processing of your data (i.e. where no human has yet reviewed
the outcome and criteria for the decision).
You have the right to request a copy of any information about you that
TutorPro holds at any time, and also to have that information corrected if it
is inaccurate.
To ask for your information, or for your information to be amended, please
contact the DPO by emailing dpo@tutorpro.com.
If we choose not to action your request we will explain to you the reasons
for our refusal.
Your right to withdraw consent
Whenever you have given us your consent to use your personal data, you have
the right to change your mind at any time and withdraw that consent.
Where we rely on our legitimate
interest
In cases where we are processing your personal data on the basis of our
legitimate interest, you can ask us to stop for reasons connected to your
individual situation. We must then do so unless we believe we have a legitimate
overriding reason to continue processing your personal data.
Direct marketing
You have the right to stop the use of your personal data for direct
marketing activity through all channels, or selected channels. We must always
comply with your request.
Checking your identity
To protect the confidentiality of your information, we will ask you to
verify your identity before proceeding with any request you make under this
Privacy Notice.
How to Stop the Use of Your Personal Data for
Direct Marketing?
There are several ways you can stop direct marketing communications from us:
Click the ‘unsubscribe’ link in any email communication that we
send you. We will then stop any further emails from TutorPro.Email solutions@tutorpro.comWrite to TutorPro Ltd. 10 High Street, Wellington. Somerset.
TA21 8RA.
Please note that you may continue to receive communications for a short
period after changing your preferences while our systems are fully updated.
Contacting the Regulator
If you feel that your data has not been handled correctly, or you are
unhappy with our response to any requests you have made to us regarding the use
of your personal data, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the
Information Commissioner’s Office. You can contact them by calling 0303 123
1113 or visit www.ico.org.uk/concerns. Please note that TutorPro cannot be
responsible for the content of external websites.
If you are based outside the UK, you have the right to lodge your complaint
with the relevant data protection regulator in your country of residence.
If you live outside the EU
By using our services or providing your personal data to us, you expressly
consent to the processing of your personal data by us or on our behalf. Of
course, you still have the right to ask us not to process your data in certain
ways, and if you do so, we will respect your wishes.
Any Questions?
We hope this Privacy Notice has been helpful in setting out the way we
handle your personal data and your rights to control it.
If you have any questions that haven’t been covered, please contact our Data
Protection Officer who will be pleased to help you:
Email us at DPO@tutorpro.com or write to us at Data Protection Officer,
TutorPro Ltd. 10 High Street. Wellington. Somerset. TA21 8RA.