https://www.torix.ca/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Introduction. This Privacy Policy explains how the Toronto Internet Exchange Community Inc. (“TorIX”) collects, uses and discloses the personal information you may provide to TorIX while using the TorIX website and the services provided through the website (collectively the “Website”). It is always your choice whether or not to provide personal information to TorIX. Any personal information you provide will be treated with care, and subject to this Policy will not be used or disclosed in ways to which you have not consented.
Your Consent. By applying to use, or using the Website, including utilizing the TorIX peer portal, you signify your consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, you may not use the Website.
Collection of Personal Information. During your use of the Website, you may be asked to voluntarily provide personal information (such as your personal name, email address, postal address, telephone number, fax number) to TorIX. If you choose not to provide certain personal information, you may not be able to use certain features of the Website and TorIX may not be able to provide certain services to you.
Use of Personal Information. TorIX provides services of an Internet Exchange point, and will use your personal information to operate, maintain and manage the exchange and the services provided through the Website. Specifically, TorIX will use your personal information for the following purposes, and as otherwise permitted by applicable law: (1) to contact and correspond with you regarding the services requested by you; (2) to allow other members of the exchange to contact you regarding peering related operations; (3) to administer your exchange port; (4) to administer your route server sessions; (5) to otherwise provide to you services requested by you; and (6) to improve TorIX’s operations generally. As an exchange point, TorIX will also use your personal information in order to comply with the rules, requirements, policies, guidelines or policies adopted by our membership as they may exist or be amended from time to time. TorIX will not sell your information to any third party without your permission; however, you agree that certain contact information will be available to any other member of the exchange and that TorIX will not be involved in enforcing how other members may use this information.
Disclosure of Personal Information. TorIX may disclose your personal information in the following circumstances, and as otherwise permitted by applicable law:
Affiliates, Agents and Suppliers. TorIX may disclose your personal information to its affiliates, agents, suppliers and service providers, for use in connection with matters relating to your use of the Website or the provision of services or information that have been specifically requested by you. If at any time you do not wish your personal information to be disclosed to certain or any other persons, please contact us by email at admin [at] torix.ca.
Law Enforcement and Legal Disclosure. TorIX may disclose your personal information to a government institution that has asserted its lawful authority to obtain the information or where TorIX has reasonable grounds to believe the information could be useful in the investigation of unlawful activity, or to comply with a subpoena or warrant or an order made by a court, person or body with jurisdiction to compel the production of information, or to comply with court rules regarding the production of records and information, or to its legal counsel.
Securing your Information. To help protect the confidentiality of your personal information, TorIX employs reasonable security safeguards appropriate to the sensitivity of the information. Nevertheless, security risks cannot be eliminated and TorIX.ca cannot guarantee that your personal information will not be used or disclosed in ways not otherwise described in this Privacy Policy.
Non-Personal Information. Like many other websites, the Website automatically collects certain non-personal information regarding Website users, such as the date and time you access the Website, the internet address of the website from which you linked to the Website, the operating system you are using, and the Website pages read and images viewed. This non-personal information is used for system administration purposes and to improve the Website. Non-personal information may be disclosed to other persons and permanently archived for future use. The Website also uses “cookies”, a technology that installs a small amount of information on a Website user`s computer to permit the Website to recognize future visits using that computer. A cookie cannot read data from your hard-drive. Cookies enhance the convenience and use of the Website. You may choose to decline cookies if your browser permits, but doing so may affect your ability to access or use certain features of the Website.
Links. The Website may contain links to other websites or internet resources. When you click on one of those links you are contacting another website. TorIX.ca has no responsibility or liability for or control over those other websites or their collection, use and disclosure of your personal information.
Privacy Policy Changes. To accommodate changes in the Website, changing technology, and legal developments, this Privacy Policy may be changed from time to time at TorIX’s discretion and without any prior notice or liability to you or any other person. TorIX’s collection, use and disclosure of your personal information will be governed by the version of this Privacy Policy in effect at that time. New versions of the Privacy Policy will be posted on the Website and are available upon request from TorIX. Your continued dealings with TorIX.ca or your use of the Website subsequent to any changes to this Privacy Policy will signify your consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information in accordance with the changed Privacy Policy. Accordingly, when you use the Website you should check the date of this Privacy Policy and review any changes since the last version. You should also bookmark this page and periodically review this Privacy Policy to ensure that you are familiar with the most current version.
Former Users. If you stop using the Website or your permission to use the Website is terminated, TorIX.ca may continue to use and disclose your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy as amended from time to time.