http://www.idealssi.com/privacy-statement/
Home» Privacy Policy
Ideal System Solutions, Inc. is a leading technology solutions provider and values and respects your privacy. As a result, we have developed this privacy policy to identify data that we may collect and any restrictions placed upon distribution of that data. We do not sell or lease any collected information for any reason.
This privacy policy explains how we may collect, use, disclose, and otherwise process information collected in connection with Ideal System Solutions, Inc.’s services, websites, online activities, and mobile applications (collectively, “sites”) where we may post our Privacy Policy.
Collection of Information Provided by You
We may collect data during visits to our sites, which may include name, address, phone, email address, payment and order information, user ID, password, and other information you may voluntarily provide. Such as when you complete a transaction, register for an account, login to our sites, subscribe to or request services, submission of employment inquiries, or contact our sales or customer service departments. We do not collect any personally identifiable information about you unless you voluntarily submit it.
Children’s Privacy
Our sites are general audience sites intended for corporate and governmental purchasers. Our sites are not directed at children under the age of 18 and we will not collect any information from anyone known to be under the age of 18. If we obtain knowledge that a child under the age of 18 has provided any information to our sites, we will promptly delete that information.
Collection of Information from Other Sources
We may obtain information about you from other sources such as demographic data from third-party data providers, or the purchase or lease of lists from list brokers or other sources to better market to you or supplement information about you.
Disclosure of Information
We do not sell, rent or provide your personally identifiable information to any third parties.
Use of Information
We may use personally identifiable and non-personally identifiable information for internal marketing purposes, for trend analysis, for pattern detection, for site administration and for purposes described in this Policy or as otherwise disclosed to you on our sites or in connection with our services.  We may, where permitted under applicable law, use information that you provide to us for some of the following examples:
Provide and deliver products and services as requested by you;
Administer your account with us;
Send you transaction related information such as credit approvals, confirmations, invoices, updates, and support and administrative messages;
Respond to inquiries and provide customer service responses;
Improve on our sites, products and services;
Facilitate product support and other services;
Send you product and catalog information, news and services offered by us and our selected partners, and communicate with you about new promotions and events;
Provide you with advertisements based on your interests;
Provide you with social media networking.
We utilize service providers and/or suppliers that may require specific information in order to provide specific services and/or products to our customers.  While we minimize the amount of such information provided, we are not responsible for the use of that information by service providers and/or suppliers.
We provide you the opportunity to ‘opt-out’ of having your personally identifiable information used for certain purposes, when we ask for this information. For example, if you purchase a product/service but do not wish to receive any additional marketing material from us, you can indicate your preference by clicking on the unsubscribe link contained in the footer of the email.
If you no longer wish to receive our communications, you may opt-out of receiving them by clicking on the unsubscribe link in the footer included in each communication or by emailing us at the reply address of the email or you may contact us by phone at (888) 696-1044.
Third Party Sites
This policy only addresses our activities from our servers. Other sites (including those that we link to within an advertisement, article or otherwise, and third party sites or services with which we offer or co-brand) may have their own policies, which we do not control, and thus are not addressed by this policy
Review and Removal of Your Personally Identifiable Data
If you provide us with personally identifiable information to have us perform ongoing services to you, we will provide you with a way to review the information we have on file and either change or remove such data. To do so, please notify us via email using our contact us form and we will provide you with your contact information for review. To make changes, send us the changes and we will respond to your request for access within thirty (30) days of the request. Unfortunately, to the extent that such information is also stored in other databases, we cannot always ensure that such corrections or deletions will reach the other databases. If you wish to have information you provided to us online removed from our records, please provide us with the information as you submitted it to us at info@idealssi.com. We will use all reasonable efforts to ensure that your information is removed from our records.
Cookies and Other Tracking Methods
When you view our website, we might store some information on your computer. This information will be in the form of a “cookie” or similar file. Cookies are small pieces of information stored on your hard drive, not on our site. Cookies, which are tied to personal information, do not spy on you or otherwise invade your privacy, and they cannot invade your hard drive and steal information. Rather, they help you navigate a website as easily as possible. Cookies can help us provide information that is targeted to your interests and they allow us to better understand how users use our site, which in turn helps us focus our resources on features that are most popular with our users. You are always free to decline our cookies if your browser permits, but some parts of our site, including our registered customer account web sites may not work properly in that case.
Third Party Tracking
We use a third-party tracking service from Google Analytics that uses cookies to track information about visitors to our site in the aggregate on page visits, time on page, and visitor bounce rates to enable our making the site better and more informative to our visitors.
Legal Disclosure
We reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our Web site.
Security
We use industry-standard methods to protect your personally identifiable information from unauthorized access. Among other techniques, we usually store such information on a computer behind our “firewall” in a secure location, and we often restrict the number of employees internally who can access such data. Of course, there is no such thing as “perfect security” on the Internet.
Amendments
Amendments to this policy will be posted at this URL and will be effective when posted.
Changes in this Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, the home page, and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.
We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time, so please review it frequently. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of a notice on our home page.
Inquiries
For information regarding the use or disclosure of your information by Ideal System Solutions, Inc., or if you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, please send an email to info@idealssi.com.
Inquiries may also be sent to:
Ideal System Solutions, Inc.
Privacy Policy Inquiry
P.O. Box 399
Pequot Lakes, MN 56442-0399
Get in Touch1-888-696-1044sales@idealssi.comContact UsidealssiTwitterFacebookLinkedinRssYoutube
© 2020 Ideal System Solutions, Inc.
Terms
Privacy Policy
Sitemap
Contact Us