http://www.vicomsoft.com/privacypolicy/
Home
Services
Company
Support
Learning Center
Contact
Vicomsoft News
Company Profile
Career Opportunities
Technology Partners
Reseller Opportunities
Reviews & Testimonials
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
At we are committed to protecting your privacy. We will never sell or pass on your data to external third parties and we take this responsibility seriously. We use the information we collect to provide a superior experience.
What information is collected and how is it used?
We monitor visitor traffic patterns and site usage to help us develop and improve the design and layout of the website. We may also use the information we collect to notify you about important functionality changes to the website and information we think you'll find valuable. If you would rather not receive this information, you may opt out at any time by contacting us or by using the links at the foot of our communications.
Will Vicomsoft disclose my information to 3rd parties?
Vicomsoft does not sell, trade or rent your personal information to others. We employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include sending postal mail and e-mails, removing duplicate information from customer lists, analysing data, providing marketing assistance and customer services. Such companies and individuals will have access to personal information needed to perform these functions, but may not use it for any other purposes and are required to process the data in accordance with the UK's Data Protection legislation.
Your consent
By using our website, you consent to the collection and use of this information by Vicomsoft. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our website. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances we disclose it.
Your rights
Any personal information submitted via our website is treated in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998. To find out more about your entitlements under this legislation, visit the Information Commissioner's Office website: www.ico.gov.uk. If you have any questions relating to this privacy statement, use of the website or how we use the personal information we collect, please contact us using the details shown below:
Vicomsoft Ltd6 Stratfield Saye20-22 Wellington RoadBournemouthDorset BH8 8JN
Phone: 0844 801 4587Fax: 0844 801 4588
Latest from Vicomsoft Read All Vicomsoft News
More
© Copyright 2011-2017 Vicomsoft
|  Privacy policy
|  Sitemap
|  Contact us
A Yammayap of Bournemouth website design