https://www.shawsystems.com/privacy-policy/
1. Purpose and Summary
This document establishes the Privacy Policy for Shaw Systems Associates, LLC (Shaw). The purpose of this policy is to communicate how Shaw gathers and uses information about customers and how they protect this information and to outline the practices that we adhere to with respect to Data Security and Privacy Regulations with respect to:
Data Security and Privacy Regulations related to state and federal regulations such as but not limited to the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA), Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB), New York Division of Financial Services (NYDFS), and California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA).
Data Security, Confidentiality, and Privacy requirements specified as part of Master Services Agreement (MSA), Statement of Work (SOW), etc. by clients.
2. Scope
Legislations placing controls on collection, processing, and transmission of Personally Identifiable Information (PII) has been introduced over the years by various federal and state regulatory institutions.
This policy ensures that Shaw performs our services abiding by such laws and ensuring data security, privacy, and confidentiality.
3. Policy
3.1 Information Collected and Usage
3.1.1 Prospects, Clients and Customers
Shaw is a leading business technology and services firm catering to financial institutions across North America. Our services span Product Development and Cloud Hosting for leading organizations across sectors. Shaw is constantly researching in an effect to connect with organizations to explore partnership opportunities. In addition, Prospective clients and customers may provide their information while contacting us through our website for business opportunities.
As part of these efforts, Shaw
Receives information including name, email id, phone number, role, organization associated with professional service providers such as LinkedIn premium service, marketing databases, prospective customer websites, references from our existing clients.
Shaw assumes that the data provided to these sources was provided with consent to such professional service providers to share the Personally Identifiable Information with Shaw.
In order to establish a connection, Shaw leverages this Personally Identifiable Information to reach out to prospective clients and customers with technological/digital propositions and solutions relevant to their business, invitations for our sales reach events, white papers, publications, industry newsletters, and any relevant technology related content.
The Personally Identifiable Information gathered through Shaw’s marketing efforts is stored on a well-established CRM tool. Appropriate technical controls including but not limited to access control mechanism, encryption, are in place to safeguard the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of the information.
During the contract phase of a connection’s relationship, Shaw is provided with the information of the respective client and/or customer in order to perform services effectively (billing, invoicing, program management, etc.).
Shaw assumes that the client and/or customer organization has already obtained consent from these individuals and would exclude Shaw from any additional consent to be acquired.
Shaw ensures that Personally Identifiable Information data is not disclosed to unauthorized users without proper consent. Any such request for access to the data from third parties including law enforcement and government agencies would be notified to the individual where applicable.
3.1.2 Prospective Employees
In the process of recruitment and talent management, Shaw’s Human Resources may receive Personally Identifiable Information from job posting sites/portals, LinkedIn, etc.
Shaw receives name, email address, mobile number, address, and other information provided by data subject in the respective job portals.
Shaw assumes that the job posting portals have already obtained consent from the data subjects to share such information and would exclude Shaw from any of the obligations related to additional consent management.
The Personally Identifiable Information gathered through Shaw’s recruitment efforts is stored on a well-established HRIS tool. Appropriate technical controls including but not limited to access control mechanism, encryption, are in place to safeguard the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of the information.
3.1.3 User Access and Choice
If a prospect, client, customer, or prospective employee’s Personally Identifiable Information changes, or if the customer no longer desires our Service, they should send the request to marketing@shawsystems.com or contact us by telephone or postal mail at the contact information provided on our website. Shaw will respond to customer or client correction or update request within at most 30 days from the date of the request.
Shaw will retain customer or client information for as long as their account is active or as needed to provide Services. Shaw will retain and use this information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
3.1.4 Third Party Sites
The Shaw website or Service may contain links to other web sites. Shaw is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these other websites. Clients, customers, and visitors will need to check the policy statement of these other web sites to understand their policies and how they protect their privacy. Clients, customers, and visitors who access a linked site may be disclosing their private information. It is the responsibility of the user to keep such information private and confidential.
3.1.5 Opt-Out Policy
Shaw offers its website visitors and customers a means to choose how we may use information provided. If at any time, they change their mind about receiving information from us, they may send us a request specifying their new choice. They may simply send their request to marketing@shawsystems.com.
3.1.6 Changes to this Policy
Shaw will update this policy promptly if and when any of the policies described here changes. We encourage Customers and Clients to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
3.1.7 Additional Information
Questions regarding this Statement or the practices of this site should be directed to the Shaw support team by sending questions to marketing@shawsystems.com.
4. Disclaimer
The information contained in this document is provided as a service by Shaw Systems Associates, LLC to its clients, business partners, and prospective customers for planning purposes only. Although every effort has been made to include the most accurate information available, this document could include technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. Changes are periodically added to the information herein. Shaw Systems Associates, LLC and/or its business partners may make improvements and/or changes in the product(s) and/or program(s) described herein at any time.