https://www.blueridgemedia.com/privacy.html
Privacy Policy
If you require any more information or have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact us at the address below.
The privacy of our visitors is of extreme importance to us. This privacy policy document outlines the types of personal information is received and collected by our website and how it is used.
Log Files
Like many other Websites, our website makes use of log files. The information inside the log files includes internet protocol ( IP ) addresses, type of browser, Internet Service Provider ( ISP ), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the website, track user’s movement around the website, and gather demographic information. IP addresses, and other such information are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable.
Cookies
Some of our online partners, third-party vendors and ad networks may use cookies and web beacons on our website. You can opt out of the use of cookies for interest-based advertising. You can direct users to opt out of some third-party vendor’s use of cookies for interest-based advertising by visiting aboutads.info.
Our Online Partners
StatCounter
Amazon
Fine Art America
Photos By Meta
Google
YouTube
These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to the advertisements and links that appear on our website send directly to your browsers. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. Other technologies (such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons) may also be used by the third-party ad networks to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and | or to personalize the advertising content that you see.
Our website has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.
You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information on their practices as well as for instructions about how to opt-out of certain practices. Our privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or websites.
If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual browser options. More detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers can be found at the browsers’ respective websites.
Our Advertising Affiliates
Blue Ridge Media is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com. As an Amazon Associate we earn from qualifying purchases.
Information We Collect
We collect any personally identifying information, such as your IP address, name, street address, E-mail address, and phone number, and any other information you provide to us.
In accordance with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), when a visitor files a complaint online and indicates an age under 13, no personally identifying information is collected in conjunction with that submission.
How We Use and Disclose Information
If you choose to provide personally identifying information to us, we will use and disclose it as described in this Privacy Policy. If you do not provide your name or other identifying information, it may be impossible for us to respond to your request.
If you contact us to request information, we use the information you provide to fulfill your request.
Our website contains links to other websites maintained by other companies and organizations. Once you access another website, you’re subject to the privacy policy of that website.
Contact Us
Blue Ridge Media
PO Box 1571
Blowing Rock, NC 28605
1-828-265-2730
This privacy policy is subject to change without notice. If you have any questions feel free to Contact Us.
Privacy Policy Last Updated:
UTC