http://www.the-modeling-agency.com/privacy-statement/
The Modeling Agency301 Grant Street, Suite 4300Pittsburgh, PA 15219-6407website@the-modeling-agency.com(281) 667-4200 opt 1
Collection of InformationThe Modeling Agency (TMA) respects your right to online privacy and is committed to protecting your personal information. TMA’s Web server only recognizes the visitor’s IP address.
The Modeling Agency may retain email addresses volunteered by visitors when subscribing to TMA’s electronic newsletter, making inquiries through a web form or when enrolling in TMA’s public course series. Information collected and retained may include contact information such as name and address, company affiliation, job title, telephone or fax number, and payment information to include credit card details and billing address. This information is used internally for customer administration only and is not shared with or sold to any third party.
The information TMA collects is disclosed only when legally required, at the request of governmental agencies conducting an investigation with proper authority, to verify or enforce compliance with the policies governing our Website and applicable laws or to protect against misuse or unauthorized use of our Website. No such request has been made of The Modeling Agency for personal information since its founding. The Modeling Agency does not set cookies.
SecurityThe Modeling Agency website uses encryption technology known as Secure Sockets Layer (SSL), the industry standard protocol in transferring sensitive data, to protect your information. When certain types of sensitive information such as name, address, and credit card information are transfered, SSL encrypts or translates your information into highly indecipherable code that protects your online transaction.
Subscription OptionsSubscription communications include TMA’s electronic newsletter expressly requested by you or which you consented to receive. After activating a newsletter subscription, clear instructions to opt-out or cancel the subscription are included with each release. You may also cancel your subscription by contacting TMA at the above telephone number or email address, or writing to TMA at the corporate address.
Persons who provide telephone numbers or email addresses with TMA online may receive telephone or email contact with information regarding new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such telephone calls or emails, please indicate your preference by sending an email at the above address, calling the above telephone number, or writing to the address above.
Sharing of Personal InformationThe Modeling Agency maintains a marketing agreement with Advertising.com. Advertising.com uses technology, including technology from its third party advertising vendor, which includes cookies and web beacons (1×1 pixels), to deliver better, targeted marketing messages to the web surfer. These tools are used to collect non-personally identifiable data to provide better and more relevant services and messages to that user. We believe that the use of such tools assists in providing a more meaningful web-surfing experience, but you may opt-out of the use of Advertising.com cookies and that of their third party advertising technology vendor if you would like. To do so, you can disable cookies on your browser, or follow the instructions in the “Personally Identifiable Consumer Data – Opt-Out” section of Advertising.com’s Privacy Policy.
Collection of Children’s Personal InformationThe Modeling Agency does not knowingly or intentionally collect personal information from children under the age of 13.
Updates to Your Personal InformationUpon request by email, phone or writing to TMA’s contact details above, TMA will verify and modify contact information (e.g., name, address, phone number, email address) that TMA maintains for its visitors and clients.
Privacy Policy ChangesThe Modeling Agency reserves the right to use customer information for new, unanticipated purposes not previously disclosed or represented in TMA’s privacy notice. If TMA’s information practices change the new policy will be posted to TMA’s Web site to notify the public of these changes. Only data collected from the time of the policy change forward will be affected. Check back to TMA Web site periodically if you are concerned about the use of your personal information. This Privacy Policy was last updated July 15, 2008.
Concerns About the Privacy or Security of Your Personal InformationIf you feel that this web site is not precisely upholding its stated privacy policy, please promptly contact The Modeling Agency at the address, email or phone number posted above.
Capabilities Statement
1 (281) 667-4200 | Email
© The Modeling Agency, LLC 2000 – 2020
Privacy Statement
Capabilities Statement
Privacy Statement
1 (281) 667-4200 | Email© The Modeling Agency, LLC 2000 – 2020
Scroll to top