https://www.internetworldstats.com/privacy.htm
Site
Guide
World Stats | Africa Stats
| America
Stats | Asia Stats | Europe | EU
| Mid East
Stats | Oceania Stats |
MENU
Privacy Policy and Disclaimers
Internet World Stats
The following
notes provide a detailed explanation of the Privacy Policy and
the privacy practices of the Miniwatts Marketing Group ("Miniwatts")
web sites as of August 31, 2019, including
www.internetworldstats.com. Miniwatts is commited to respecting your
privacy rights when visiting any Miniwatts Marketing Group web
site, such as this one. To protect your personal information, we
have created the guidelines outlined below. Understanding that
the Internet technologies evolve, any changes to this policy will
be promtly posted on this page, with an updated "effective as of
date" posted at the end of this policy page.
1 - Information
Collected:
2 - Use of Personal
Information:
3 - Party Collecting the
Information:
4 - Third Party
Advertising and FTC Disclaimer:
5 - Third Party
Cookies:
6 - Links to Other
Websites:
7 - Children's
Privacy:
8 -
Opting-Out:
9 - Reviewing, Changing, and
Deleting your Personal Information:
10-
Security:
11 - Contacting
Us:
12 - Reproduction of these
Statistics and Disclaimer.
13 - Effective Date and
Changes:
14 - About
Us
15 - Site
Links
^ top of page
1 -
INFORMATION COLLECTED
While visiting the Miniwatts Marketing Group Web sites
(collectively, the "Site"), or participating in a promotion or
newsletter subscription sponsored by any Miniwatts Web site, we
may ask you to register and/or provide information that
personally identifies you ("Personal Information") for purposes
of interacting with the Site. Such Personal Information may
include, but is not limited to, your name, phone number, street
address, e-mail address, city and country. On any page that collects
Personal Information, we will specifically describe what information
is required in order to provide you with the product or service,
enter you in the promotion you have requested, or respond to your
inquiry or comment.
IP ADDRESSES
Miniwatts records and logs IP addresses, or the location of your computer on
the Internet, for systems administration and troubleshooting
purposes and to determine site usage. Your IP address does not
contain personal information about you.
COOKIES AND BEACONS
What are Cookies? A
cookie is a small data text file that a Web site sends to your
browser, which is stored on your system. The Site can only access
the information from a cookie sent by the Site. We cannot access
cookies sent by other Web sites or the information contained
therein. Additionally, we cannot learn your e-mail address or any
other information about you through the use of a cookie. The only
way we would learn such information is if you specifically and
voluntarily submit that information to us, for example, through a
registration system, or by entering a survey or promotion.
Internet
WHY DOES THE SITE USE COOKIES?
Miniwatts uses cookies to track usage of the Site and further
personalize your Internet experience when you are visiting the
Site. By tracking usage, we can best determine what features of
the Site best serve the users.
WHAT BENEFITS DO I RECEIVE FROM COOKIES?
Overall, the use of cookies helps to give you a more
personalized experience at the Site. The information is used to
keep our Site fresh and content relevant to the users. Cookies also
identify you to our server, allowing you to avoid retyping your
e-mail address and password each time you access certain parts of
the Site.
MAY I DECLINE TO ACCEPT A COOKIE?
Yes, you may decline to accept cookies sent by the Site by
selecting an option on your browser to reject cookies. However,
portions of the Site which require registration will not be
accessible to you. In such cases, we ask that you register and
provide us with basic information on our registration page, or
sign in if previously registered. Cookies enable our server to
know that you are a registered user, and will eliminate the need
for you to log in each time you access our Site.
WHAT ARE WEB BEACONS?
Web beacons (sometimes called single-pixel or clear-pixel gifs)
are invisible images that are used to write cookies or access the
cookies we have written previously or to access information about
the page you are viewing for the purposes of recognizing our
returning users and analyzing traffic patterns. A Web beacon
cannot access cookies sent by other Web sites or the information
contained therein.
We use advertising servers developed by third parties to
display ads on the Site. Some of these ads may contain cookies or
Web beacons that are sent by third parties (e.g. advertising
partners or advertising clients). We do not have access to these
cookies or Web beacons or any information that the cookies
contain. We encourage you to contact the advertisers or their
privacy policy for more information on their data collection
practices. Links from other Web sites that appear on the Site may
also use cookies or Web beacons, but we do not control such
activities. We also use Web beacons to write cookies, to access
the cookies that we have written previously, and to access
information about the page you are viewing, in order to recognize
our returning users and analyze traffic patterns.
^ return to index
2.
USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We believe in
protecting your privacy, and we will not share, rent nor sell
your Personal Information to third parties outside of Miniwatts
except as described in this Privacy Policy. We believe we can
enhance your experience on our Sites with the information you
share with us. We use Personal Information about you to improve
our advertising and marketing efforts, to statistically analyze
Site usage, to improve our content and product offerings and to
personalize the Site's content, layout, and services. We may also
use your Personal Information, such as your e-mail address, phone
number or mailing address, to contact you regarding products
and/or services that may be of interest to you, to respond to an
inquiry from you regarding the information that we have
collected, or respond to your comments and suggestions.
Miniwatts may match specific and/or aggregated Personal
Information with third party data to provide you with product and
content offerings that interest you and improve our advertising
and marketing efforts. Miniwatts also may disclose aggregated
user statistics in order to describe our services to potential
advertisers, partners, other third parties, our affiliate
companies, and for other lawful purposes.
As part of your experience on our Sites, you may receive
communications including mail, email or wireless short text
messages from us related to products and services that might
interest you. While we believe these services will enhance your
experience at our Site, you will at all times be able to opt out
from receiving these communications, either by specifically
opting out of these services or by deleting your profile from our
database. Please refer to "Opting-Out" for further reference.
We have today, and will in the future have, arrangements
with third party service providers, such as credit card
processors, shipping companies and fulfillment services. When you
sign up for a service we offer on our Sites, we may be required to
share Personal Information with that service provider in order to
provide the service. These third party providers are required to
comply with this policy and protect your information in the same
way we do. They are not permitted to retain or use Personal
Information for any purpose unrelated to providing the
service.
Miniwatts may also offer other services as a part of our Site
services (e.g., product buying services, personalized finance and
information alerts, contests, surveys and other promotions with
unaffiliated third parties). Some of these third parties may
collect their own Personal Information in connection with
providing you their service. We encourage you to check the
applicable privacy policy for that portion of the Site or Service
prior to disclosing Personal Information. Please refer to "Party
Collecting the Information" for further reference.
We reserve the
right to disclose Personal Information when needed to comply with
the law or a legal process, cooperate with investigations of
purported unlawful activities, to identify persons violating the
law, or in connection with the sale of part or all of Miniwatts'
or its affiliate's stock or assets.
^ return to index
3 -
PARTY COLLECTING THE INFORMATION
This Privacy Policy only addresses the use and dissemination of
information that we collect from you. To the extent that you
disclose any information to other parties, whether through, for
example, on-line auctions, chat rooms, personal ads, or the like,
through third party services or promotions offered on or through
the Site or through other Web sites throughout the Internet,
different policies may apply and Miniwatts shall not be
responsible for the use or dissemination of such information.
The Site may offer forums, message boards, or chat rooms as one
of the services on the Site. If you disclose personal information
in one of these forums, this information can be viewed,
collected, and used by others. Miniwatts is not responsible for
the use of information you disclose in these forums. We encourage
you to consult the Forum Rules regarding the policies and
procedures that apply to that portion of the Site.
Our Sites may operate as part of a larger group of sites, and
may carry co-branded pages. In addition, other sites may use the
Site's, Miniwatts', or its affiliates' name. Since Miniwatts does
not control the privacy policies of third parties, you are
subject to the privacy customs and policies, if any, of such
third parties, and Miniwatts shall not be responsible for the use
or dissemination of your private information by such parties.
Therefore, we encourage you to ask questions and review those
parties' privacy policies before you disclose your Personal
Information to others.
^ return to index
4 -
THIRD PARTY ADVERTISING AND FTC DISCLAIMER
We use Google Adsense, Infolinks Media,
ClickBank, BuddeCom and other third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you
visit our Web site. These companies may use information (not
including your name, address, email address or telephone number)
about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide
advertisements on this site and other sites about goods and
services that may be of interest to you. For more information
about Adsense's privacy policy, please click here. For more information
about Infolinks' privacy policy, please click here. For information about ClickBank's privacy policy, please click here.
FTC DISCLAIMER ON ADVERTISING
This site contains affiliate links, which means we receive monetary compensation
from third parties, if you make a purchase using the links and banners on this
website to buy products and services. These commissions help cover the cost of
operating this website, such as hosting, designs, mainenance and research.
^ return to index
©
5 -
THIRD PARTY COOKIES
In the course of serving advertisements to this site, our
third-party advertisers may place or recognize a unique "cookie"
on your browser.
^ return to index
6 -
LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES
Third party sites linked to and from the Site are not
necessarily under the control of Miniwatts. Miniwatts shall have
no responsibilities or liabilities whatsoever for the content or
privacy practices of any such linked site or any link or linking
program at any time. Miniwatts does not necessarily endorse
companies (or related products or services) to or from which the
Site is linked. If you decide to access any of the third party
sites linked to the Site, you do so entirely at your own
risk.
^ return to index
7 -
CHILDREN'S PRIVACY
Miniwatts cares about the safety of children and their use of
the Internet. Therefore, in accordance with the
Children's Online
Privacy Protection Act of 1998, we will never knowingly request
or solicit personally identifiable information from anyone under
the age of 13 without verifiable parental consent. In the event
that we receive actual knowledge that we have collected such
personal information without the requisite and verifiable
parental consent, we will delete that information from our
database as quickly as is practicable.
^ return to index
8 -
OPTING-OUT
We respect your
privacy and ability to choose whether to share information with
us and any third party. You may choose to "opt-out" of
subscriptions, or sharing Personal Information in several ways.
You may choose to be contacted by any or all of these methods, or
"opt-out" by sending an email to any of our contact options. You
may change your contact options at any time by following the
process described in "Reviewing, Changing, and Deleting Your
Personal Information."
You may "opt-out" altogether from providing Personal Information
to us by not registering on the Site, nor registering for any
Site sponsored promotion, and thereby not providing your Personal
Information. You may also choose at a later date to have your
name removed from our database by deleting your subscription
registration profile. To do so, please follow the process
described in "Reviewing, Changing, and Deleting Your Personal
Information."
Certain portions of the Site and certain services provided on
the Site, however, do require registration in order to access or
use these areas and services. If you choose not to register or
provide certain information, these areas will not be accessible
to you.
^ return to index
9 - REVIEWING,
CHANGING AND DELETING YOUR INFORMATION
You may request a
review of the Personal Information that we collect from you
online and maintain by sending an email request. See below
"contacting
us" for the contact
form.
For changing, or deleting (unsubscribing) please follow this
same the procedure. To protect your privacy and security, we will
also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before
granting access, making corrections, or deleting information.
^ return to index
10 -
SECURITY
Miniwatts maintains
industry standard safeguards to ensure the security, integrity, and privacy
of the Personal Information that you provide to the Miniwatts Marketing Group.
For complaints, please
send an email to:
" abuse @ internetworldstats.com "
^ return to index
12 -
REPRODUCTION OF THE STATISTICS
The content of this website is
intellectual property of its owner Enrique de Argaez and/or Miniwatts de
Colombia Ltda. Data from this web site may be cited freely, giving due
credit to the original data sources and establishing an active link back
to
www.internetworldstats.com. A notice of publication will be greatly
appreciated, and might be rewarded with a reciprocal link from
IWS back to your website.
Use of our content for commercial purposes requires a permission. For details,
please read the
Copyrights page.
DISCLAIMER
Most of the data in this web site comes from independent sources,
found displayed freely in the wide world web. Other data has been
investigated and retrieved directly by our staff. All the
information has been consolidated by IWS, giving due credit to
the corresponding original sources when these are known, and
establishing a link back if possible. IWS provides and publishes
the data and displays statistics in good faith but does not
guarantee the accuracy or provenience. Likewise Miniwatts is not
responsible for the use given to this information. The usage and
population data are the best estimates available at the moment
of publishing, and a reasonable margin of error should be allowed
for, as is usual for all statistical work.
In the event that any owner of the information cited or the
sources cited oppose the publication of specific data, please let us
know by advising our webmaster ("webmaster" at "@" "internetworldstats.com").
We will promptly remove said data from our web site.
Visitors please take note that for statistical purposes Mexico
has been included in the Central American countries statistics,
according to the United Nations Statistics
Division methods
and classifications of macro geographical (continental) regions,
geographical sub-regions, and selected economic and other
groupings. Turkey is included in the European statistics.
The designations employed and the presentation of material at
this site do not imply the expression of any opinion whatsoever
on our part concerning the legal status of any country,
territory, city or area or of its authorities, or concerning the
delimitation of its frontiers or boundaries. The assignment of
countries or areas to specific groupings is for statistical
convenience and does not imply any assumption regarding political
or other affiliation of countries or territories by the United
Nations or by this web site.
^ return to index
13 -
EFFECTIVE DATE AND CHANGES
This Privacy Policy is effective as of May 31, 2019. Miniwatts
reserves the
right to modify the terms of this policy at any time and in our
sole discretion,
by posting a change notice to this page. Your continued use of
this Web Site
following our posting of a change notice will constitute binding
acceptance of
those changes.
^ return to index
To add a Link to Internet World Stats at your
site:
Here's
How -
Just find the page you want to link to, highlight the (Address)
line of your web browser, copy and paste it into your site pages.
- or - Copy the address from the box below.
<A
HREF="https://www.internetworldstats.com">Up-to-Date Internet
World Stats here</A>
Up-to-Date Internet World
Stats here
Internetworldstats.com is a free Directory for Internet
Market Research. Its aim is to make the Internet Usage Statistics
available to the business community, the academic community, and
to the general public. At present IWS has stats for over
233 countries and selected regions of the world. These statistics
have been searched for, reviewed, and consolidated from various
periodic surveys and other public information sources available
in the Internet.
Because of the dynamic nature of the Internet, this site is
frequently modified with updates whenever new statistics become
available, and the old data is removed. If you have any comments
or complaints regarding this web site or if you wish to suggest
additional statistics or topics, please feel free to send us
an email message addressed to:
support at internetworldstats dot com
Thank you for visiting the Internet World Stats web site!
About Us
The Internet
World Stats web site was created on March 25, 2002 by Enrique de
Argaez, MBA, PE, who is the Editor, Webmaster and owner. His present activities
include International Internet Market Research and Internet publishing. He can
be located at Carrera 59 # 136-A-23, in the city of Bogota, Colombia, South America.
His phone number is 57-1-388-6325, his mobile is +57-305-314-2748 and his
Skype number(ID) is enrique.de.argaez.
Miniwatts Marketing Group is the International Division of Miniwatts
de Colombia Ltda. (AKA "Miniwatts"), a limited liability company (LLC) legally
established in Bogota, Colombia as of April 24, 1997. Mr. Argaez is a partner and
also the Managing Director of Miniwatts.
^ TOP
Internet World Stats - Web Site
Directory
^ TOP
WEBSITE MENU - STATS TABLES
World Stats | Africa Stats | America Stats | Asia Stats | Europe Stats | European Union | Middle East Stats
Oceania Stats | Top Internet Usage | Top Internet Penetration | Top Ten Languages | Social Media Stats
Arabic Speakers | Chinese Speakers | French Speakers | German Speakers | Portuguese Speakers
Spanish Speakers | OECD Countries | G20 Countries
|
Caribbean Stats | Central America Stats North America Stats | Latin America Stats |
Facebook Stats | About Us | Menu | Home
WORLD REGIONS AND COUNTRY DIRECTORY
Africa | Asia | North America | Central America | Caribbean | European Union | Europe
Middle East |
South America | South Pacific and Australia |
United States | EU Enlargement
WORLD - DATA TABLES
Geographical Country List | Alphabetical Country List | World Covid-19 | USA Covid-19 | Unemployment Broadband Internet | Mobile Internet | ICT Reports | World Languages | World Population
TELECOMMUNICATIONS REPORTS
Africa | Asia | North America | Central America | Caribbean | Europe Middle East |
South America |
South Pacific and Australia
INTERNET MARKETING INFORMATION
Coaching Library | World News | Internet Usage | Internet Divide | Internet Growth | Market Research
AI |
Apps | Internet Associations | Internet Security Stats | Market Reports | B2B Trade Exchanges
Innovation |
Archive | SEM | SEO | Search Engines | Web Browsers | Information Sources | Media Kit
OTHER INTERNET RESOURCES AND SERVICES
Travel Stats | Dictionaries | Webmaster Tools | Internet Telephone Calls | Conference Calls | Copyrights
Make Money Online | Software | Press Room | Press Release Coaching | Newsletter Archive Translations | Tutorials | Web Services | Web Stats | Time | Weather |
Privacy Policy
INDIVIDUAL COUNTRY POSTS
Africa
| Asia | Caribbean
| Europe
| Middle East
| North America
| South America
| South Pacific
|
USA
Privacy Policy
Internet World
Stats
IWS Newsletter
Copyright ©
2020,
Miniwatts Marketing
Group. All rights reserved worldwide. Page updated June 12, 2020