https://www.softco.com/about/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Toggle navigation
Home
About Us
Ward Transport & Logistics choose SoftCo ExpressAP for AP Automation
ExpressAP is SoftCo’s newest accounts payable automation solution
more
About Us
Find out about SoftCo
Community
Sponsorships and charities
News
Keep up-to-date with us
Careers
A place to learn, grow, and collaborate
Global Ambassadors
SoftCo's game changers
Contact Us
Get in touch with us
Irish Women’s Hockey
The History Makers
Blog
Expert insight for financial professionals
About Us
About Us
News
Ambassadors
Community
Careers
Contact
Blog
Irish Women’s Hockey
ExpressAP
Solutions
Want to see a demo?
Request an online demo of one of our solutions and find out what SoftCo can do for your business.
Request
Demo
Procure-to-PayFully automate your entire procurement and accounts payable processes
AP Automation
Streamline your complete purchase invoice process
eBilling
Automate the issuing of invoices and improve AR days
Compliant Archive
Securely and efficiently manage all organization data
eProcurement
AP Automation
Vendor Management
Contract Management
Invoice Data Capture
Invoice Matching
Recurring Contracts
Non-PO Invoices
Exceptions and Queries
Invoice Approval Workflow
Real-Time Reporting/AI Analytics
ERP Integration
Customer Onboarding
eBilling Portal
Optimize eBilling
POD Portal Capture
Reduced Days Sales Outstanding
Reporting and AI Analytics
Data Capture
Fast Search and Retrieval
Multi-Layered Security
Document Authenticity
Full Lifecycle Management
GDPR Retention/Digital Shredding
Solutions
Procure-to-Pay
AP Automation
eBilling
Compliant Archive
Technology
SoftCo10 Platform
The SoftCo10 platform delivers a Smart Automation solution that enables organizations to fully automate their procure-to-pay process faster and easier than ever before.
more
SoftCo10
Revolutionizing financial process automation
Technology
SoftCo10
Resources
Maximizing the ROI of P2P Automation
Transform Procurement, AP and Payables into profit centers with P2P Automation
more
White PapersLatest research, trends, and analysis
BlogExpert insight for financial professionals
WebinarsOn demand access to professional insights
Case StudiesSome real world examples of transformative automation
Resources
White Papers
Webinars
Case Studies
Blog
Clients
Request Demo
Privacy Statement
POL-033
REV 1 – 19/02/2019
Effective date: February 19, 2019
SoftCo (“us”, “we”, or “our”) operates the https://softco.com website (the “Service”). We are the controller in relation to Personal Data (defined below) collected on this Service.
This Privacy Policy informs you of how we collect, use, and disclose your Personal Data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data.
It is important that you read this Privacy Policy together with any other privacy notice or fair processing notice we may provide on specific occasions when we are collecting or processing data about you so that you are fully aware of how and why we are using your data. This Privacy Policy supplements the other notices and is not intended to override them. Please do not use our site or send us any personal data if you do not want your data to be used in the way set out in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.
Types of Data Collected
Personal Data
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you (“Personal Data”). This includes:
– First name and last name
– Email address
– Phone number
– Company name
– Role/Job Title
– Cookies and Usage Data
We do not collect any Special Categories of Personal Data about you (this includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health and genetic and biometric data). Nor do we collect any information about criminal convictions and offences.
Usage Data
We may also collect information about how the Service is accessed and used (“Usage Data”). This Usage Data may include information such as your computer’s internet protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
Tracking & Cookies Data
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and hold certain information.
Tracking technologies also used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyse our Service.
Cookies are files with small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
For more information on the cookies used by SoftCo please see our cookie policy https://softco.com/cookie-policy/
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
Use of Data
SoftCo uses the collected data for various purposes, including our legitimate business interests, to:
1. allow SoftCo to analyse website performance
2. provide and maintain the Service
3. notify you about changes to our Service
4. allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so
5. provide customer care and support
6. provide analysis or valuable information so that we can improve the Service
7. monitor the usage of the Service
8. detect, prevent and address technical issues
We will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. If you wish to get an explanation as to how the processing for the new purpose is compatible with the original purpose, please contact us.
If we need to use your personal data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so.
Please note that we may process your personal data without your knowledge or consent, in compliance with the above rules, where this is required or permitted by law.
Transfer of Data
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to and maintained on computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside Ireland and choose to use our Service, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to Europe and process it there.
SoftCo will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.
Data Retention
We will only retain your Personal Data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.
To determine the appropriate retention period for Personal Data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your data, the purposes for which we process your data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means and the applicable legal requirements.
Details of retention periods for different aspects of your data are available in our retention policy which you can request from us by contacting us.
Disclosure of Data
SoftCo may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
1. legal Requirements
2. comply with a legal obligation
3. protect and defend the rights or property of SoftCo
4. prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
5. protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
6. protect against legal liability
7. track the performance of certain paid advertising channels
Security of Data
The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service (“Service Providers”), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Analytics
We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service.
Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
You can opt-out of having made your activity on the Service available to Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on. The add-on prevents the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js, analytics.js, and dc.js) from sharing information with Google Analytics about visits activity. For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page: https://policies.google.com/privacy
Links to Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the privacy policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 (“Children”). We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child/children have provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we will all reasonable take steps to remove that information from our servers.
Your legal rights
Under certain circumstances, you have rights under data protection laws in relation to your data. These rights are to (i) request access to your data, (ii) request correction of your data, (ii) request erasure of your data, (iii) object to the processing of your data, (iv) request restriction of your data or (v) request transfer of your data.
In the limited circumstances where you may have provided your consent to the collection, processing and transfer of your Personal Data for a specific purpose, you have the right to withdraw your consent for that specific processing at any time. To withdraw your consent, please contact the Privacy Officer. Once we have received notification that you have withdrawn your consent, we will no longer process your information for the purpose or purposes you originally agreed to unless we have another legitimate basis for doing so in law.
We will respond to your request in writing, or orally if requested, as soon as practicable and in any event within one month of receipt of your request. Occasionally it may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated. We may request proof of identification to verify your request. All requests should be addressed to our Privacy Officer by email at privacyofficer@softco.com.
You will not have to pay a fee to access your data (or to exercise any of the other rights) but we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is manifestly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the “effective date” at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:
By email: privacyofficer@softco.com
By Post: Privacy Officer, SoftCo, South Country Business Park, Leopardstown, Dublin 18
You have the right to make a complaint at any time to the Data Protection Commission (DPC), the Irish supervisory authority for data protection issues (www.dataprotection.ie). We would, however, appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns before you approach the DPC, so please contact us in the first instance.
By using our website, you consent to the use of cookies in accordance with the
SoftCo cookie policy.OK
By using our website, you consent to the use of cookies in accordance with the SoftCo cookie policy.OK