http://www.bentzingerconsulting.com/privacy/
MENU
AGENCY
SHOWCASE
CONTACT
CAMPAIGN PLANNER
PALETTE
WEB & MOBILE
Web & Mobile Development
Content Management
Integration & Support
Custom Applications
MARKETING & ADVERTISING
Branding & Identity Design
SEO, Email & Social Marketing
Print Design & Advertising
Outdoor, Mobile, TV & Radio
STRATEGY & CONSULTING
Training & Education
Small Business Programs
Web & Marketing Models
Free Dynamic Web Review
PRINTING & PRODUCTION
Printing & Packaging
Photography & Video
Promotional Products
Signage & Tradeshow
CAMPAIGN PLANNER
Privacy
Privacy
AdEasel respects your privacy, follows all industry standards for opt-in email marketing, and adheres to strict confidentiality with all clients & business contacts.
Information Collection & Use
Due to the nature of designing, developing and managing dynamic web & marketing programs, AdEasel must collect certain private information from clients. Information is collected such as, but not limited to: business address, phone number, and email address, so AdEasel can contact the client via the start a relationship form. Other information is collected such as, but not limited to: web site address and deadlines, to complete projects for clients via the project request form. This information is collected for the sole purpose of building the client's web site and for financial transactions. We never sell any client information to third parties. AdEasel greatly values the business relationship it establishes with all clients.
Confidentiality
The ideas, strategies, and other internal information which clients share with their Client Relations Specialist are kept confidential. All AdEasel employees are required to sign a confidentiality agreement stating they will not disclose any of clients' confidential and competitive information. At AdEasel we understand it is important the clients are able to confide information with us. We take the necessary measures within our power to keep this information private.
Changes and Updates
This privacy policy is subject to change at any time without notice.
Subscribe
To subscribe to our email lists, please email us at easel@adeasel.com with the subject "Subscribe", or enter your email into our Email Newsletter form at the bottom of any page on our website.
Whitelist
Add "AdEasel.com" to your whitelist, or add our email addresses to your address book.
For detailed instructions, click here.
Unsubscribe
To unsubscribe from our email lists, please email us at easel@adeasel.com with the subject "Unsubscribe".
Contact Information
Adaptive Easel, LLC Anti-Spam Compliance
Des Moines:  (515) 244-4808, 1620 Pleasant Street, Des Moines, IA 50314
Chicago:  (312) 829-7399, 1304 W. Washington Blvd, Chicago, IL 60607
U.S. & International:  1-877-ADEASEL, Easel@AdEasel.com, www.AdEasel.com
Positive marketing through the pandemic
Posted by AdEasel in Easelog on 4/17/2020
Categories:
Education
Remain positve! Present solutions. Communicate effectively and respond quickly.
There are simple steps you can take to ensure your business and brand can survive and thrive during down times. Update your website and social media, check your Google business listings. Update your hours and support options, adapt inventory and processes, make sure your staff and customers are comfortable and informed.
Dynamic Web & Marketing Programs for Local, National & Global Manufacturing Companies
Our web and marketing management tools, applications and resources can be easily implemented into your existing business and communication workflow, and are based on industry standards, proven technologies & diligent research.
Avenues to Independence Continues Its Mission With Updated Website
Avenues to Independence Continues Its Mission With Updated WebsiteAdEasel recently updated and launched a brand new website for Avenues to Independence, a non-profit organization that provides homes, jobs, social activities and learning opportunities to adults with intellectual and other developmental disabilities to help them become part of the community in every way.More »
There are currently no upcoming events.
Tweets by @AdEasel
AGENCY
Profile
Network
University
Ventures
SHOWCASE
Industries
Programs
Clients
Sponsorships
PALETTE
Web & Mobile
Marketing
Strategy
Production
MEDIA
Blogs
Canvas
News
Gallery
CONTACT US
Site Map
Terms
Privacy
Home
Get Free Ideas
X
©1999- Adaptive Easel, LLC. All Rights Reserved. |
|
|
| 1-877-AdEasel |
×
How Can We Help?
Leave this field empty
Name*
Organization
Email*
Phone
Details