https://www.exam-software.com/privacy.htm
Try it FREE, before you BUY it. Being used worldwide in many languages. Rich in features yet low in price.
Home
Overview
Features
Screen Shots
Slide Show
Free Download
Pricing
Comparison
Testimonials
Awards
FAQ
Clientele
Charity
Contact Us
Press Release
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Privacy on this site
What personally identifiable information is collected on this site?
Visitors may supply personally identifiable information (such as name, address or telephone numbers) for various purposes on this site. These purposes include registering to receive e-mail newsletters, requesting further information about our products, or simply asking a question about Exam Software. www.exam-software.com does not collect personal information from you unless you provide it to us. This means that you can visit our site without telling us who you are or revealing any personally identifiable information about yourself.
How is it used?
When you supply information about yourself for a specific purpose, we use the information for only that purpose (such as to provide the service or information you have requested). For example, you may be asked to give us individual information to receive information.
Security
Personally identifiable information is stored on our Web server and is not publicly accessible. Further, personally identifiable information is only accessed by www.exam-software.com on a "need to know" basis. www.exam-software.com meets or exceeds all industry standards for the protection of personally identifiable information.
Choice/Opt-out
If you have registered to receive e-mail communications from us and later change your mind, you may contact us to have your name removed from our distribution lists. You can send an e-mail to webmaster@exam-software.com
Correct/Update
If you would like to verify the data we have received from you or to make corrections to it, you may contact us directly at the e-mail and mail addresses provided above.
What anonymous information is collected on this site?
Anonymous click stream information is collected for every visitor to this site. This includes pages viewed, date and time, and browser type. IP numbers are temporarily used to determine domain type and in some cases, geographic region. We do not make any association between this information and a visitor's identity.
Links
This site may contain links to other Web sites. Please note that when you click on one of these links, you are entering another site. We encourage you to read the privacy statements of these linked sites as their privacy policy may differ from ours.
E-mail Links
We use e-mail links located on this site to allow you to contact us directly via e-mail. We use the information provided in your e-mail to respond to your questions or comments. We may also store your comments for future reference.
Legal Disclaimer
We may disclose personal information when required by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary in order to conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on www.exam-software.com.
[ Overview ]
[ Features ]
[ Screen Shots ]
[ Free Download ]
[ Pricing ]
[ FAQ ]
Copyright © Exam-Software.com All rights reserved.