https://www.mycom-osi.com/environmental-policy
Careers
Contact Us
Call us
Portfolio
SAAS
Assurance Cloud Service™
Digital network and service operations powered by the cloud
World’s first carrier grade service assurance SaaS offering
Reduce cost and time to deploy carrier-grade service assurance
Deploy, ready to ingest data, in under 1 hour
Applications
Experience Assurance & Analytics™ (EAA) suite
Cloud-native suite of carrier grade service assurance applications
EAA ProAssure™
Digital Service Quality Management
EAA PrOptima™
End-to-end Performance Management
EAA NetExpert™
End-to-end Fault Management
EAA ProActor™
Automation & Orchestration solution
EAA ProInsight™
Analytics
Platform
EAA Cloud Platform™
Cloud-native platform with unified data management and Open APIs
Use case based solutions
A catalogue of outcome-based solutions for next generation NOC/SOCs to manage digital services and hybrid networks
5G
Closed-loop automation of assurance for 5G networks, services & slices
5G Roll-out Accelerator™ solution
Accelerated 5G roll-out, expansion and assurance with a clear path to advanced 5G service monetization
Proactive and Preventative
Solutions to Identify precursors of potential degradations and failures
Guided Diagnostics
Analytical workflows to improve mean time to detect and repair complex degradations
Automation
Programmable workflows with open-loop and closed-loop automation
Customer Centricity
Manage network and service operations prioritized by customer value & impact
Services
Integration/Consultancy
Training
Support
Company
Company Profile
Management Team
News
Events
Awards
Customers
Customer Comments
Partners & Associations
Offices
Resources
Blog
Brochures & Datasheets
Use Cases & eBooks
Videos & Webinars
Reports & Surveys
Request a Demo
Privacy Policy
MYCOM OSI Environmental and Corporate Social Responsibility Policy Statement
At MYCOM OSI we recognize our responsibilities as an international business and we aim to set, encourage, and sustain high standards of corporate responsibility in everything we do across our operations and in each country we do business.
This includes promoting and ensuring good labour standards and environmental practice in our supply chains. We believe that this not only makes business sense, but it also has the potential to improve the living and working standards of people around the world and contributes to sustainable development.
Our Environmental Policy
Our policy follows the principles set out in ISO 14001, or more stringent requirements as dictated by local regulations, namely:
An environmental policy supported by top management
Environmental goals, objectives, and targets that support the policy
Defined roles and responsibilities
An environmental management process
A process for communicating the environmental management process to all interested parties via the website or for enquirers
A process for auditing progress and taking corrective action
Environmental Impact
As a software vendor and manufacturer, the majority of our products and manufacturing processes do not include physical items or processes. As a result, MYCOM OSI has a low global environmental footprint.
When the products we sell include physical items, such as servers, we only purchase from reputable manufacturers such as HP who employ industry standard environmental policies and are fully compliant with applicable domestic and international requirements such as WEEE and RoHS.
Recycling
To supplement our inherently low environmental impact, MYCOM OSI globally implements a number of environmentally sensitive policies in our offices including recycling of waste paper, separation of recyclable waste, use of recycled materials and paper.
Carbon Footprint
We have introduced processes to regularly review our carbon footprint in each location worldwide, working with local landlords. The buildings we occupy are operated by landlords in compliance with ISO 9001, 14001, and national standards. Most have automatic light and cooling deactivation and/or modern energy efficient consumables as part of energy saving initiatives.
We have increased use of Skype, integrated video calling to VOIP, and use of video for company meetings between offices. This is leading to significant reductions in travel and emissions.
Power Consumption
We have virtualised server infrastructure in our global offices and are continuing to do so as part of an ongoing global programme targeting significantly increased efficiency.
In our UK office we have replaced 65 servers with 3 virtual machines. Effectively replacing 90% of our infrastructure with highly power efficient modern units and reducing cooling requirements in the process. In our California and India offices we plan to produce a similar outcome.
Our Social Responsibility Policy
We strive to provide a safe, collaborative workplace free from bullying, inappropriate, and unlawful practices. We have strict policies regarding conduct.
Our health and safety profile is low risk as an essentially office orientated business with no physical manufacturing. We have a clear employee handbook and DSE self-assessment process. This is being supplemented in the UK and USA initially with workspace audit availability from trained members of the team.
We employ local staff in our global offices in full compliance with all local rules, regulations, and standards.
We review staff training needs through our appraisal process in order to ensure our people are up to date and can continue their professional learning.
We run healthy initiatives related to food and physical activities. Our healthy food initiative includes fresh fruit being available in some offices and also more fun with periodic Foody Fridays in some offices with homemade food being brought in by employees and sharing of recipes. Our physical activities include a twice weekly Pickleball game in our California office.
We actively source products for our offices locally and from local suppliers.
Portfolio
Assurance Cloud™
EAA Suite
EAA ProAssure™
EAA PrOptima™
EAA NetExpert™
EAA ProActor™
EAA ProInsight™
EAA Cloud Platform™
Use Case Based Solutions
5G
Proactive and Preventative
Guided Diagnostic
Automation
Customer Centricity
Company
Company Profile
Offices
Careers
News
Events
Legal
Corporate Privacy Policy
Marketing Privacy Policy
Environmental Policy
Stay Up to Date
Europe
4th Floor, The Urban Building3-9 Albert Street Slough, SL1 2BEUnited Kingdomt: +44 1753 213 740
Middle East, South Asia and Africa
9th Floor Aurora TowerDubai Internet CityP.O. Box 502 533Dubait +971 4 434 1553
Americas
2365 Iron Point RoadSuite 170Folsom CA 95630United Statest : +1 916 467 1500
Asia Pacific
30 Cecil Street
#19-08 Prudential Tower
Singapore 049712
Call us
×
EUROPE
+ 44 1753 213 740
MIDDLE EAST, ASIA AND AFRICA
+ 971 4 434 1553
AMERICAS
+1 916 467 1500