http://www.filemakermagazine.com/privacy
Skip to main content
You love new FileMaker information right?
We've got the inside scoop! Sign up for our weekly mailing list.
First name:
Email:
You may unsubscribe at any time!
We don't send spam and our mailings are limited to information specifically about the FileMaker platform and notifications of new video articles.
Privacy policy
Effective January 1, 2016
ISO Productions Inc. understands you want to keep certain information private, and, consequentially, we use the following privacy policy to ensure that you are aware of the type of information collected by us and, by using filemakermagazine.com, filemakertalk.com, filemakertemplates.com and our affiliated sites (collectively, the "Sites"), the uses that you permit us to make of such information.
This Privacy Policy is designed to help you decide whether to access the Sites and in what manner, by outlining the restrictions we take upon ourselves in gathering, storing and using your information.
This Policy is incorporated into, subject to and a part of the Terms and Conditions of Use.
If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, you may not and should not access the Sites. The definitions in the Terms and Conditions of Use apply to this Privacy Policy.
Collection of Data/Contact Information/Financial Information
IP Address and Cookies
We use your internet protocol (IP) address to help diagnose problems with our servers and to administer the Sites.
We also use your IP address to help identify you and, if you’re a Member of our Sites, your membership information. We may place “cookies” on your computer’s hard drive through your web browser to keep track of your identity for the purposes of saving your logged-in state so that you do not have to log in each time you visit the Sites. “Cookies” allow the Sites to recognize your computer when you access the Sites. If you would like to prevent the placement of cookies on your computer, or remove cookies from your computer, please access the “Help” portion of your browser or contact your browser provider. Please be advised that if you block or remove cookies from your computer, our Sites will not recognize your computer and you may not have access to all portions of the Sites.
Contact Information/Financial Information
ISO FileMaker magazine's registration and order forms require users to provide us with contact information to establish user accounts. ISO Productions may collect each user’s name, address, city, state, postal code, telephone number and e-mail address. ISO Productions uses this information to administer its business, to enhance and improve its services and products, and to contact the user regarding memberships and administrative matters. New users must opt in to receive commercial communications and may opt out of receiving future commercial communications at any time (see “Anti-Spam Policy/Opt-out Choice” below). ISO Productions also stores some financial information entered by users, such as purchase order numbers and related identification information. ISO Productions does not store credit card numbers on our sites or servers. The financial information is only used to bill the user for products and services. ISO Productions does not rent, sell or exchange user information, and generally restricts access to user information to qualified ISO Productions employees and agents. ISO Productions may transmit a customer’s credit card data only to the appropriate credit card company and/or credit card payment processing company.
Third parties who need access to ISO Productions user information to provide operational or other support services are required by ISO Productions to maintain high standards of security.
ISO Productions may disclose a user’s contact or financial information if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such disclosure is necessary to comply with an order of a court or government authority, or a subpoena. ISO Productions may also disclose a user’s contact or financial information in the good-faith belief that such disclosure is necessary to protect ISO Productions or its Sites, or enforce the applicable Terms and Conditions of Use, in conjunction with an investigation or legal, equitable or administrative action or proceeding. ISO Productions may collect information on the services and products viewed by you on its Sites. ISO Productions may use this information to customize your experience and suggest and offer you products according to your preferences. ISO Productions may also use this information to identify patterns and trends of use, but will only release or publish any such information in a manner that preserves your anonymity. ISO Productions may transfer part or all of your information in the case of a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, or other sale of all or a portion of ISO Productions’s assets or stock.
Links to Other Websites
This Privacy Policy does not apply to information collected about you by anyone except ISO Productions.
ISO Productions’s Sites may contain links to third-party websites. ISO Productions is not responsible for the privacy practices, security practices or the content of any third-party website.
Any information you provide when you visit other websites, use other social networking, digital or mobile products or services, etc., will be subject to the privacy policies of those publishers or vendors.
Site Intended for Use by Adults
ISO Productions’s Sites are intended for use only by adults. ISO Productions does not knowingly collect or publish any information personally identifying any child under age 13. Children under age 13 should not access ISO Productions’s websites and should not post any information personally identifying themselves anywhere on any websites.
California and Canadian Users
Under the California “Shine The Light” law, California residents may opt-out of the disclosure of personal information to third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes.  Canadian residents also have certain rights to know how their information may be shared with third parties for direct marketing purposes.  As detailed above, you may contact us for such information or to opt-out of the sharing of your personal information with third parties for marketing purposes at any time by sending an e-mail stating this preference and including your full name and e-mail address to support@isoproductions.com or you may call (530) 436-5503.  Please note that this opt-out does not prohibit disclosures made for non-marketing purposes.
Non-US Users
The Sites are operated in the United States. If you are located in the European Union or elsewhere outside of the United States, please be aware that any information you provided to us will be transferred to the United States. By using the Sites, participating in any of our services and/or providing us with your information, you consent to this transfer.
Security
The security of ISO Productions’s Sites and your information is of great importance to us. ISO Productions has reasonable security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of your information under ISO Productions’s control, but we make no assurances about our ability to prevent any such loss, misuse or alteration, and we shall have no liability to you or any third party from any loss, misuse or alteration. We do not warrant that your access to ISO Productions’s Sites is completely secure. You should promptly notify ISO Productions if your account, username or password have been lost or stolen. ISO Productions will never ask you for your password. If you need a new user name and/or password, ISO will generate a new username and password automatically through its computers and send it to your e-mail.
ISO Productions shall make reasonable efforts to notify any user whose information is suspected of being accessed, disclosed, altered or deleted by an unauthorized person, so that the user can take appropriate measures to minimize the adverse effect of such a data security breach (a "Breach Notification"). ISO Productions will make reasonable efforts to give such Breach Notification soon after it learns of a breach, unless it deems, at its sole discretion, that such Notification might hinder and prevent ongoing efforts to detect the source of the breach.
For the avoidance of doubt, a Breach Notification does NOT constitute an admission by ISO Productions that the breach occurred as a result of malpractice, failure, bad faith or negligence on behalf of ISO Productions or that the breach even occurred in ISO Productions's systems.
Anti-Spam Policy/Opt-out Choice
We are committed to providing users of ISO Productions’s Sites with the choice to receive or not receive e-mails and/or other communications from ISO. We strive to comply with the CAN-SPAM Act. We only send commercial emails to new users who have requested or consented to receive emails about our services and products. We do not send unsolicited commercial emails (“spam”), buy or sell email lists, or use purchased or harvested email lists. We offer commercial email recipients the opportunity to opt-out of further communications in every email. You may also contact us using one of the following addresses:
Email: support@isoproductions.com
Postal mail:
ISO Productions, Inc.
21392 Palomar St. #1243
Wildomar, CA 92595
Please note that we may not include the opt-out information in non-commercial emails (i.e., emails concerning your membership, the website’s Terms and Conditions of Use, etc.). If you have questions or concerns regarding a non-commercial email, please contact us using the information under “Contacting ISO Productions” below.
Governing Law and Jurisdiction
This Privacy Policy shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, without regard to the conflict of laws provisions thereof. Any dispute arising under or in relation to this Policy shall be resolved in accordance with the terms and procedures set forth in the Terms and Conditions of Use.
Modification of Contact Information and/or Financial Information
If you would like to modify your contact and/or financial information on our database, please log onto your account by clicking the “Log In” link on the Site. Once logged on, click on your username link and you will be able to edit your contact and financial information. If you have any questions or concerns, or would like to remove or modify your information offline, please contact ISO using one of the following modes:
E-mail: support@isoproductions.com
Postal mail:
ISO Productions, Inc.
21392 Palomar St. #1243
Wildomar, CA 92595
Telephone: (530) 436-5003
Changes to the Privacy Policy
This Policy may be revised from time to time at ISO Productions's sole discretion. The last revision will be reflected in the "Last modified" heading above. Please visit this page periodically for updates. Continuing to use the Sites continues your acceptance of changes.
Contacting ISO Productions
Contact ISO Productions if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of ISO Productions or your dealings with this website. Please contact our customer service department using one of the following modes:
E-mail: support@isoproductions.com
Postal mail:
ISO Productions, Inc.
21392 Palomar St. #1243
Wildomar, CA 92595
Telephone: (530) 436-5003