http://www.ngsi.com/company/privacy-policy.html
ngsi.com
www
Home
About Us
Company Info
Software Maintenance
Partners
Careers
Contact Us
Join Our Mailing List
NGS Blog
Products
NGS-IQ
IQ Server
IQ Client
Qport Access
SmartView (OLAP)
Web Reporting
Data Security
IQ Connexion
Qport Office for IBM Query
Financials
Solutions
NGS Solutions
NGS-IQ Architecture
IBM Query/400 Replacement Solutions
NGS Brings Query and Analytics to Smartphones and Tablets
Tech Support
Events
Video Library
NGS-IQ Demo Playbacks
Share and Learn Playbacks
Short Tutorials
Business Segment or ERP Solution Playbacks
Complementary Technologies
Customer
Corner
Intro Video Series for New NGS-IQ Users
Share and Learn Playbacks
Customer Training Classes
NGS-IQ Tutoring Sessions
NGS-IQ Query and Reporting Processes Video Service NGS-IQ Release 7.10 Highlights
NGS Blog
IBM i Solution Edition
New Generation Software, Inc. (www.ngsi.com)
Privacy Policy
Company Info
Software Maintenance
Partners
Careers
Contact Us
Join Our Mailing List
NGS Blog
What
information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you visit our
website or register in various areas on our site.
When on certain areas of our site, as
appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, address, e-mail address and/or
other information related to your request. You may, however, visit most areas
of our site anonymously.
We do not collect payment information such as
credit card or bank information on our website.
What do we
use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be
used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience (your information
helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
To improve our website (we continually strive to
improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive
from you)
To improve customer service (your information
helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and
support needs)
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or
other site feature
To send periodic emails
Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe
from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at
the bottom of each email.
How do we
protect your information?
We implement various security measures
to maintain the safety of your personal information when you
enter or submit your personal information. Data you enter on
our forms is sent directly, via email, to our server on
the same network via a secure script that is not exposed
outside of our office network.
Do we use
cookies?
Yes. (Cookies are small files that a site or its
service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web
browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to
recognize your browser or device and capture and remember certain information. We use
“cookies” to enable us to serve relevant advertising to people who have visited
our website, affiliated websites, or attended certain business events. Cookies are also used to broadly identify companies we believe might have an interest in our offerings.
Do we
disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to
outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include
trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our
business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this
information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe
release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or
protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally
identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for
marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party
links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or
offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites
have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no
responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked
sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome
any feedback about these sites.
California
Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy, we have taken the
necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy
Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to
outside parties without your consent.
Online
Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to
information collected through our website and not to information collected
offline.
Your
Consent
By using our site, you consent to our website
privacy policy.
Changes to
our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will
post those changes on this page.
Contacting
Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy
policy, you may contact us using the information below:
New Generation Software, Inc.
3835 North Freeway Blvd., Suite 200
Sacramento, CA 95821
marketing@ngsi.com
3835 N. Freeway Blvd, Suite 200 Sacramento, CA USA 95834
Office: (916) 920.2200 Sales: (800) 824.1220 Support: (800) 257.2442 Fax: (916) 920.1380
Site Map
Copyright & Copy;
New Generation Software, Inc. All rights reserved.