https://www.stevepronger.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Menu
Primary MenuHome
Resource Guide
Premium WordPress Themes
Site Builder Reviews
StudioPress Sites (WP Engine) Review 2020
Leadpages Review
A2 Web Hosting Evaluation
Website Design Tips for Beginners
E-commerce Video Course
FAQ
Contact
Search
Search for:
Home »Privacy Policy
This privacy policy is effective as at May 22, 2018
We have created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm and continuing commitment to the privacy of personal information provided by those visiting and interacting with this website. We hold the privacy of your personal information in the highest regard. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this website.
Web Business Solutions recognizes the importance of protecting your privacy and our policy is designed to assist you in understanding how we collect, use and safeguard the personal information you provide to us and to assist you in making informed decisions when using our site. This policy will be continuously assessed against new technologies, business practices and our customers’ needs.
Who We Are
Our website address is: https://www.stevepronger.com
What Personal Data We Collect and Why We Collect It
Subscriptions & Mailing Lists
If you request a report or subscribe to our newsletter via a form on this site we will collect and store your…
Name
Email address
This data will be used for the purpose of sending you information related to that report, notifying you of new content on the website and sending you offers which may be of interest to you. To be added to our mailing list you must:
Be over 16
Consent to the collection of your data
Confirm your subscription (known as double opt-in)
You can unsubscribe at any time via a link at the end of every message sent.
Your subscription data will not be used for any other purpose and will not be shared with or sold to any other party.
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Contact Forms
If you use the contact form on this site the data you submit will only be used for the purpose of responding to your enquiry and is not stored in a database. You will not be added to a mailing list unless you specifically request that to happen.
Embedded Content From Other Websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
How Long We Retain Your Data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
Analytics data (see below) is retained for 26 months.
What Rights You Have Over Your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where We Send Your Data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
The data captured in forms for the purpose of accessing reports is sent to Leadpages and/or AWeber.
IP Addresses
IP addresses are used by your computer every time you are connected to the Internet. Your IP address is a number that is used by computers on the network to identify your computer. IP addresses are automatically collected by our web server as part of demographic and profile data known as traffic data so that data (such as the Web pages you request) can be sent to you.
Analytics
Like many other Web sites, Web Business Solutions makes use of log files for analytics. The information inside the log files includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, type of browser, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement around the site, and gather demographic information. IP addresses, and other such information are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable.
Web Business Solutions uses Google Analytics for this purpose. Google’s Privacy Policy can be viewed here.
Data security
Web Business Solutions endeavors to protect your data from unauthorised access, alteration, disclosure or destruction. We do this by:
Using SSL (Secure Sockets Layer). This establishes an encrypted link between a web server and a browser.
Constantly reviewing data collection and storage including physical security measures.
Restricting access to personal information to Web Business Solutions employees.
Cookies
Web Business Solutions uses cookies to store information about visitors preferences, record user-specific information on which pages the user access or visit, customize Web page content based on visitors browser type or other information that the visitor sends via their browser.
For more information on cookies and how we use them see our Cookies Policy.
What About Legally Compelled Disclosure of Information?
We may disclose information when legally compelled to do so, in other words, when we, in good faith, believe that the law requires it or for the protection of our legal rights. We may also disclose account information when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be violating our Terms of Service or to protect the safety of our users and the Public.
What About Other Web Sites Linked to our Website?
We are not responsible for the practices employed by Websites linked to or from our website or the information or content contained therein. Often links to other Websites are provided solely as pointers to information on topics that may be useful to the users of our Web site.
Please remember that when you use a link to go from our website to another web site, our Privacy Policy is no longer in effect. Your browsing and interaction on any other web site, including web sites, which have a link on our Website, is subject to that Website’s own rules and policies. Please read over those rules and policies before proceeding.
A Special Note About Children
Children are not eligible to use our services unsupervised and we ask that children (under the age of 16) do not submit any personal information to us. If you are a minor, you can use this service only in conjunction with permission and guidance from your parents or guardians.
Personal Data: Your Rights if you are Located in the EU
The right to be informed
You have the right to expect us to be completely transparent in how we use your data, including email and phone numbers.
The right of access
You have the right to know exactly what information we hold about you and access that information.
The right of rectification
You have the right to have personal data rectified if it is inaccurate or incomplete.
The right to erasure
You have the right to have your personal data deleted or removed without the need for a specific reason as to why.
The right to restrict processing
You have the right to block or suppress processing of your personal data.
The right to data portability
You may retain and reuse your personal data for your own purpose.
The right to object
You have the right to object to your personal data being used for purposes such as direct marketing, scientific and historical research, or for the performance of a task in the public interest.
Please contact us if you wish to exercise any of these rights.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint. For more information contact your local data protection authority.
ShareTweetPinShare
Top Offers
Top Resources
WP Engine Managed WordPress Hosting
Fiverr
StudioPress Themes for WordPress
AWeber
Shopify
KWFinder
SEMrush
PagesResource Guide
WP Engine Review
Premium WordPress Themes
E-commerce Video Course
Leadpages Review
A2 Web Hosting Evaluation
Website Design Tips for Beginners
FAQ
Contact
Sitemap
Recent Posts
Top 5 Helpful Plugins You Need to Create a Business Site with WordPress
UX is the Most Underrated Ranking Factor in SEO — and This is Why
Leadpages Sites Announced
StudioPress Themes Now Free for WP Engine Users
Leadpages Free Trial
LegalPrivacy Policy
Cookies Policy
Earnings Disclosure
Terms of Service
Cookies Permission Revoke Consent
Web Business Solutions
© Copyright 2002 – 2020
Powered by A2 Hosting
Scroll UpHome
Resource Guide
Premium WordPress Themes
Site Builder Reviews
StudioPress Sites (WP Engine) Review 2020
Leadpages Review
A2 Web Hosting Evaluation
Website Design Tips for Beginners
E-commerce Video Course
FAQ
Contact
We use cookies for your best experience.I AcceptI RefuseRead more
You can revoke your consent any time using the Revoke consent button.Revoke Consent