http://www.lonap.net/privacy-statement
Network
Technical
About
Joining
Events
Posts
Contact
Login
LONAP Privacy Statement
LONAP is a company that respects privacy of, and ownership of data. This privacy statement explains what data we collect, and for what purposes we use
it.
What information we collect
The information we collect depends on your relationship with us. You may be a customer; someone interested in our news and marketing information; a
visitor to our website, or a potential employee. We have listed the different information we collect in sections below.
Website visitors
If you are visiting our website then we will store pieces of information in your browser called cookies. The cookie is used to track which pages you
visit on our website. We use this information to change the layout and content of our site to make it more effective at presenting the information
visitors are looking for. If you do not want us to track your behaviour on our site then you can tell your browser to request that we do not track you,
and our website will respect these requests.
We do not attempt to determine from the tracking information the identity of anyone visiting the site. We do not collect any personal data (including
IP addresses) using this method.
Our web server records a log of all requests. This data includes the date and time of access, the web page accessed, the
IP address of the user, and the status code. This data is kept for diagnostic purposes and is not analysed.
Member Portal visitors
When you visit our member portal, cookies will be stored on your browser to allow you to login. The member portal will not function without these
cookies. If you do not consent to these cookies, you may choose not to login to the member portal. In that case, you will not be able to access it.
Customers
When a representative from your Organisation completes the LONAP joining form to become a member of the company we will collect further information about
you. We will collect:
Your name
The names of colleagues we need to contact to provide our Service
Company name and company details
Telephone number(s)
Address
Email address
We use this information to provide our Service to your company, among other things we will use it to:
to send you invoices, reminders and statements
to contact you about technical issues
to verify your details where we suspect fraudulent use of our services
to verify your details when you contact us for technical support
to notify you of changes to terms and conditions
We will also use this information to notify you of feature changes to the platform that you have service on. If a communication from us is not strictly
necessary to us providing you with service, then we will always provide an option to not receive further similar messages.
When you are a customer of ours you will be connected to the exchange with at least one peering port, we do not retain any of the data you transmit or
receive for any longer period of time than it takes to transmit the data to your Peers.
The only exception to this policy is when LONAP is presented with a legitimate legal warrant.
Prospective employees' data
During the process of recruitment LONAP or its Agents may collect personally identifiable information including Name, date of birth, postal address,
telephone number and email address, we may use this information to contact you for the purposes of offering interviews and employment.
Unsuccessful applications will be kept for no longer than 6 months after the applicants have been notified of our decision to not move forward with the
hiring process.
In the event that we wish to keep an application for future reference (e.g., in case we wish to consider the applicant for another post in the future),
we will notify the applicant that their application data will be kept on file for up to one year. We will comply with any request by applicants to have
their data deleted.
Marketing subscriber
If you wish to receive marketing communication from us, we will collect your name and email address, and at the time of collection you will explicitly
consent to receive communications from us. We will:
use this information to send you emails with details of
Any products and services that we think you may be interested in.
Workshops that we organise.
Social events
Our Annual General Meeting
stop sending you emails after twelve months unless you explicitly choose to receive them again.
never sell your details to anyone else.
stop sending you emails as soon as you notify us you do not wish to receive them.