https://www.qrious.co.nz/website-privacy-policy
Home
How we help
Enable
Enable Services Overview
Modern Data Platforms
BI, Dashboards & Visualisations
Managed DataOps
WhereScape RED
Discover
Discover Services Overview
Customer Insights
Decisioning & Analytics
Team Optimisation
Enterprise AI
Engage
Engage Services Overview
Marketing Automation Services
UbiQuity Marketing Automation Platform
Adobe Campaign
Our work
Learn
Blog
Resources
Training & Workshops
About
About Qrious
Technology Partners
News
Careers
Get in touch
Login
Privacy policy
Contact
Login
Get in touch
Website Privacy Policy
Website Privacy Policy and Terms of Use
Qrious is committed to protecting your privacy. This Website Privacy Policy applies to our websites (Websites), including www.qrious.co.nz. This Website Privacy Policy governs our website data collection, processing and usage practices. It also describes your choices regarding use, access and correction of your personal information.If you have any questions about this Website Privacy Policy or our treatment of the information you provide us, please write to us by email at privacy@qrious.co.nz or by mail to Qrious, Private Bag 92028, Auckland, New Zealand 1010, Attn: Privacy.
1-1 Terms and conditions for use of website
Qrious Limited (Qrious) welcomes you to this website. By viewing the pages of this website, you acknowledge that you have read and accepted these terms and conditions.
The information provided in this site is prepared by Qrious as an introduction and guide to Qrious and its range of available products and services.
While every endeavour has been made to supply accurate information, errors and omissions may occur. Accordingly, Qrious does not accept any liability for any loss or damage which may directly or indirectly result from any advice, opinion, information, representation or omission, whether negligent or otherwise, contained on this site.
You must not use this site or its contents
In breach of any legislation or for any unlawful act
To damage or disrupt this site or any other Qrious website
Intellectual Property:
Qrious owns all copyright and all other intellectual property rights in this site. Everything on this site is copyrighted unless otherwise noted. Qrious welcomes the use of this site for your non-commercial use only provided that you do not remove any copyright, trademark and other proprietary notices contained in the content. We advise that you may not copy or display for redistribution to third parties or for commercial purposes any portion of this site without Qrious’ express permission.
1-2 Definitions
In this policy
“our”, “we”, “us” or “Qrious” means Qrious Limited (a subsidiary of Spark New Zealand Trading Limited)
“you” means you, the person visiting our website
“services” means all products or services we provide and anything else we do for you, including providing you with access to our website
1-3 Information we collect
Browsing Information
If you are just surfing and reading information on our website, then we collect and store the following information about your visit:
The IP address of your machine when connected to the Internet and the domain name from which you are accessing the Internet
The operating system and the browser your computer uses, any search engine you are using, and referral sources
Your browsing behaviour
The date and time you are visiting, and length of visit
The URLs of the Qrious web-pages you visit and the URL from which you were referred
Information you submit on our website
You are free to explore the Website without providing additional personal information about yourself, though some areas of the website are gated. Where you voluntarily submit information to us, e.g. via one of our online forms, and include contact information such as your name, e-mail address, company name, address, phone number, and other information about yourself or your business, we treat this as identifiable information and use this only as outlined below in the ‘How we use and share your information’ section.
Information collected from elsewhere
Where you have also engaged with us on social media the personal information that we may collect can also include information about you that is available via that social media platform ( such as from Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter and Google).
1-4 How we use and share your information
We use your information to measure the number of visitors to different parts of the Websites and for purposes connected with the provision of our products and services, for example, to measure the effectiveness of advertising, pre-populate forms, or personalise web-pages for a better user experience.
Although we may publish aggregated information about usage patterns, we do not disclose identifiable information about individual machines or persons except for the purposes set out below in this section. If we think it is necessary, we can disclose information to relevant law enforcement authorities, such as the Police or the Department of Internal Affairs.
If you choose to provide us with personal information such as your email address, for example by filling out an electronic query or form, we will use the information to communicate with you in relation to products and services which we provide to you or which we consider might be of interest to you. This may include email marketing. For these purposes we link automatically-collected data (such as browsing information) to the personal information that you have provided such as name, email address, and phone number. Please see section 1.8 ‘Opting Out’ below on how you can unsubscribe from email communications.
Personal information will be stored and used in accordance with our internal privacy policies.
1-5 Use of cookies for advertising and analytics
Our website places a cookie on the hard drive of your computer or other device.  A “cookie” is a file which allows us to track and target the interests of users.
We use first and third party cookies, including:
Essential website cookies: These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our Websites and to use some of its features.
Performance and functionality cookies: These cookies are used to enhance the performance and functionality of our Websites but are non-essential to their use. However, without these cookies, certain functionality may become unavailable.
Analytics and customisation cookies: These cookies collect information that is used either in aggregate form to help us understand how our Websites are being used or how effective our marketing campaigns are, or to help us customise our Websites for you.
Advertising cookies: These cookies are used to make advertising messages more relevant to you. They perform functions like preventing the same ad from continuously reappearing, ensuring that ads are properly displayed for advertisers, and in some cases selecting advertisements that are based on your interests.
Social networking cookies: These cookies are used to enable you to share pages and content that you find interesting on our Websites through third party social networking and other websites. These cookies may also be used for advertising purposes.
While we recommend that users enable cookies on their browsers in order to enjoy all the features of our website, the decision remains in the hands of the individual. Most browsers allow you to control management of cookies, this will be different depending on each user’s PC – refer to your browser help menu for more information.
Social Media Features
Our Websites includes Social Media Features, such as the Facebook Like button and Widgets (such as the Share This button) that run on our sites. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our sites, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Websites. This Website Privacy Policy does not apply to these features. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy and other policies of the companies providing them.
1-6 Access to your information
You have the right to access the personal information we hold about you where it is stored in such a way that it can be readily retrieved. If the personal information we hold about you is not accurate, then you may ask us to correct it.
You may request access to or request that we update your personal information by sending us email at privacy@qrious.co.nz or by mail to Qrious, Private Bag 92028, Auckland, New Zealand 1010, Attn: Privacy.
1-7 Security and Signing in
When signing in or shopping online, look for the 'padlock' symbol on the left hand side of the URL bar. The 'padlock' symbol is a certificate of authenticity and ensures the site is secure. You can click the padlock symbol to view the certificate's details.
Secure Socket Layer (SSL) is the most accepted way of ensuring the security of transmitted information to and from Internet sites worldwide. On our site, it operates when you complete and send forms, including on the log-in page for UbiQuity, but not while you are simply surfing the site. We are using SSL with VeriSign Authentication Certificates with RC4 128 bit encryption.
1-8 Opting out
Turning off cookies
As stated above (see section 1.5 - Use of Cookies for Advertising and Analytics), your internet browser should allow you to control the use of cookies.
Unsubscribing from email marketing communications
There are two ways to unsubscribe from any email message
Follow the unsubscribe options in the email
By writing to Qrious, Private Bag 92028, Auckland, New Zealand 1010, Attn: Privacy
Transactional emails
Customers cannot opt out of receiving transactional or important service emails related to your account with us or our Subscription Service.
1-9 Changing this policy
We may change this policy at any time by changing or removing existing terms or adding new ones. Changes may take the form of a completely new policy. We will tell you about any changes by posting an updated policy on our website.  Any change we make applies from the date we post it on the website.
Company
Careers
Enquiries
Media
Help & Support
Request support
Privacy Policy
Website Privacy Policy
Subscribe
Blog
Contact
Follow
Share
Contact us
Email
Phone
Auckland
167 Victoria Street West
Auckland 1010
New Zealand
Wellington
42 - 52 Willis Street
Wellington 6011
New Zealand
We'll contact you
Receive insights from Qrious
Follow Qrious on social media
Share a link to Qrious
Copy link
Email link
Link to Qrious on social media
Share
Share
Share