http://www.accuracast.com/about-us/privacy/
Hit enter to search or ESC to close
Privacy & Data Protection Policy
It is our policy to treat all information you provide to us in confidence and in accordance with the purposes set out below. We will not disclose information about you to any third parties other than those persons/organisations specified in this statement.
You have the right to access – we maintain complete transparency in data processing and storage – this policy explains what data points are being collected, where these data points are being processed and stored, and the reason behind the collection, processing and storage of the data. If you would like to see a copy of your data, this can be provided free of cost within 40 days.
You have the right to be forgotten – we give all our users the option to erase personal data, and stop further collection and processing of the data. This process involves you withdrawing consent for your personal data to be used.
You have the right to data portability – we can email you your personal data, for which you have previously given consent, and you have the right to further transmit that data to a different controller.
If you have any requests regarding the information that we collect from you, would like us to delete any / all personally identifiable information we have about you, or any queries with regard to our privacy policy, please contact us.
[TL;DR] In brief, our privacy and data manifesto is:
We will store any data that we hold on you securely
We will only contact you with relevant content to help you grow your business
We will never pass your data onto third parties
We will advise within 24 hours if we have had a data breach
We will provide the details that we hold on you within five working days of request
We will delete your data if you no longer wish us to hold it
We aim to be GDPR compliant
By providing your personal information to us you consent to the limited uses of your personal information as specified in this statement.
Collection of personal information
We collect personal information through our website, in the event that you have typed in your details onto the contact form, quote form, newsletter subscription form, whitepaper download form, and/or through other information requests, including any emails you send to us or phone conversations you have with us. Where appropriate, we will make a record of the services that you choose to inquire about.
There is also certain demographic information gathered regarding your visit to this site which is used for statistical and marketing purposes. This information may include your IP address, geographical location, browser type and version, operating system, referral source, length of visit, page views and website navigation paths, as well as information about the timing, frequency and pattern of your use. The usage data is collected anonymously via Google Analytics, Facebook Pixel, LinkedIn, and SharpSpring – our customer relationship management system.
Purposes for which personal information is used
We will not sell, distribute, or lease your personal information to third parties unless we are required by law to do so. We will process the above information for the following purposes:
communicating with you in response to your initial inquiry;
providing you with information about services we offer from time to time;
storing your information for the purposes of providing you with support and maintenance from time to time;
managing your account with us as a customer;
conducting market research;
analysing the use of our websites;
ensuring the security of our website and services;
sending you relevant documents and newsletters if you have subscribed to them;
showing you relevant advertisements to inform you of our services;
and to provide us with information about our business (see below).
In relation to the last point above, we may use your information in order to produce reports and analysis concerning our website, our marketing strategies, and our service offerings. No individual users are identified from such reports and analysis.
The legal basis for the above processing is our legitimate interests, namely monitoring and improving our website and services.
We may process any of your personal data identified in this policy where necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the protection and assertion of our legal rights, your legal rights and the legal rights of others.
We may process any of your personal data identified in this policy where necessary for the purposes of obtaining or maintaining insurance coverage, managing risks, or obtaining professional advice. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper protection of our business against risks.
In addition to the specific purposes for which we may process your personal data set out in this section, we may also process any of your personal data where such processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another person.
Disclosure of personal information
We may disclose your personal information to the following parties:
other members of AccuraCast;
our agents and professional advisors;
any sub-contractors and service providers we may employ.
Securing your personal information
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate whether you want to subscribe to our newsletter;
if you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by contacting us.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please contact us.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Where your personal information is stored
We have offices in the United Kingdom and Spain. The hosting facilities for our website and email servers are situated in the United Kingdom and the United States of America.
Our customer relationship management and marketing automation systems are provided by SharpSpring, whose data is hosted almost entirely within the Google Cloud Platform and utilizes their Virtual Private Cloud network. The only interfacing networks are SharpSpring offices over a secure virtual private network (VPN), which is strictly controlled. SharpSpring hosts the entirety of its server architecture within Google Cloud Platform data centers and utilizes additional services with Amazon Web Services. Google has earned ISO 27001 certifications for the systems, applications, people, technology, processes, and data centers serving Google Cloud Platform. Amazon Web Services ISO 27001 certification increases total in-scope services to 33. Details of SharpSpring’s data protection policy can be viewed here.
The European Commission has made an “adequacy decision” with respect to the data protection laws of each of the countries mentioned above. Transfers to each of these countries will be protected by appropriate safeguards, namely the use of standard data protection clauses adopted or approved by the European Commission.
Cookies
When someone visitsour site, we use a third party service, Google Analytics, to collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behaviour patterns. We do this to find out things such as the number of visitors to the various parts of the site. This information is only processed in a way which does not identify anyone.
We do not make, and do not allow Google to make, any attempt to find out the identities of those visiting our website. Google may use “cookies” to identify you when you visit the AccuraCast sites, and to build up a demographic profile. A cookie is a small piece of information sent by a web server to a web browser, which enables the server to collect information back from the browser. Find out more about the use of cookies on www.cookiecentral.com
AccuraCast is London’s leading digital marketing agency and the longest-running independent search marketing agency in the UK. We offer multilingual services, powered by data intelligence. Find out how we can help you. 91 reviews0800 019 6813+44 203 371 8155Unit 6, 102 Camley StreetKing's Cross, London N1C 4PFUnited Kingdom
Contact us
Partners
© 2020 AccuraCast.
Privacy & Data Protection Policy  |  Statement of Ethics  |  Sitemap
Solutions
Social Media
Facebook marketing
LinkedIn marketing
Twitter marketing
Paid Search & Display
Paid search
Shopping
Programmatic
Organic Search
SEO consulting
Link building
Multilingual SEO
Industries
B2B
Finance
Sports
Travel
Clients
Case Studies
About
Technology
Careers
The Team
Insights
Reports & whitepapers
NewsletterInterested in receiving email with someting you’re 100% into? Subscribe below
Articles & studies
FAQ
Industry trends
Contact
By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. I Understand