http://www.papayapolls.com/web/privacy-policy.php
Papaya Polls Privacy Policy
Papaya Polls (PapayaPolls.com) is a hosted web surveys site
that is intended to provide an experience that is safe and secure. It is owned and operated by Perceptus Solutions Inc., a British Columbian (Canada) corporation.
We are dedicated to safeguarding personal information we collect online. We do not and will not sell, rent, or otherwise misuse, private and user-submitted information collected on our website beyond what is inherently required to provide a hosted survey service.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to information we collect offline. As we continue to offer our visitors new and different types of content and services, we may modify our practices from time to time. However, we will treat any personal information we collect in accordance with the Privacy Policy in effect at the time the information is collected. If there is a material change in our collection, use, or disclosure practices, a new or revised Privacy Policy will be posted on the Web site, and a notice will be sent to you via e-mail if you have provided us with an e-mail address.
I. The Information We Collect
At PapayaPolls.com we collect personally identifiable information but only information that our visitors voluntarily provide to us or that is obtained through our use of cookies described below.
When a visitor responds to a survey hosted on our web site, all of the question responses are saved and stored.
Additionally, we record the IP address of the respondent and the time of the survey response.
We also provide private surveys and email invitation services to our surveys.
If these features are used, the email address and/or respondent username are recorded with each survey response.
For Enhanced Anonyminity surveys (a footnote and link appear on the the survey collection pages if this feature is enabled for the survey) the email address and/or respondent username are never reported to anyone. Survey response information is provided both in summary and in individual response detail to the individual or organization who is using our survey services to conduct the survey.
When a survey designer chooses to use our email invitation engine to send the link of their survey to a list of respondents, we receive from the survey designer, a list of email addresses and optionally the names of people to invite to a survey.
When a visitor uses our registration forms for a Trial or Paid survey services account, we do collect their name, mailing address, e-mail address, telephone number and other contact information.
When visitors come to our site, we automatically collect some non-personally identifiable information that is used to determine the number of visits to different pages on our site, to improve access to our content based on our visitors' browsers and operating system types. This information is not linked to any personal information submitted online when participating in any activities.
II. How We Use the Information
We do not sell, rent, or otherwise share our visitors' and account holders' personal information or their data with third parties except as described in this Privacy Policy. Sometimes, we use agents or contractors to provide services to our visitors, such as technical support, data hosting, and data backup services. In these cases, we expect and require the agent or contractor to keep the information confidential and to use it only for the specific services they are performing. We sometimes use non-personally identifiable information that we collect to improve the design and content of our site and to improve our visitors' experience on PapayaPolls.com. We also may aggregate this information to analyze site usage, as well as to offer products, programs, or services.
We will disclose information we maintain as required by law, for example, in response to a court order or a subpoena. We also may disclose such information in response to a specific law enforcement agency's request. We also may disclose user contact information to respond to complaints of misuse of our services, i.e. SPAM or other activities with contravene our Terms of Service.
In addition, we may transfer our operations or assets. In such transactions, confidential customer or site visitor information generally is one of the transferred assets. In the event of a transaction involving the transfer of some or all of PapayaPolls.com operations, including a bankruptcy, customer and site visitor information may be one of the transferred items.
We will not use or transfer personally identifiable information in ways that are materially different from the ones described above without also providing notification of such practices and obtaining consent for any materially different uses.
III. Collection of Information by Third-Party Sites and Sponsors
Our site contains links to other sites whose privacy and information practices may be different from ours. Often, our hosted survey customers will offer links and content embedded within a survey that we host or within email invitations that are delivered with our software.
Visitors should consult these other third party sites' privacy notices since these sites are not covered by our Privacy Policy and may follow different procedures.
IV. Cookies
Papaya Polls does use the software technology called "cookies." Cookies are small text files that we place in visitors' computer browsers to store their preferences. Cookies themselves do not contain any personally identifiable information. Although cookies could enable us to relate a visitor's use of this Web site to personal information that the visitor has provided, we do not use cookies for this purpose. We do use cookies to determine if a visitor has visited the Web site previously. We do use cookies to help our survey customers reduce abuse of their survey through repeated submissions from a single source.
V. Security
We have put in place certain physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard the information we collect online and help prevent unauthorized access to such information, maintain security of such information, and correctly use such information. However, because of the global nature of the Internet, when you give us information, that information may be sent electronically to servers outside of the country where you originally entered the information. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. This site does not use security encryption measures. Therefore, information that you disclose by use of this site (as with any site that allows non-encrypted communications), by posting a message or using e-mail, potentially could be collected and used by others. This may result in unsolicited messages from third parties or use of such information by third parties for their own purposes, legal or illegal. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, PapayaPolls.com cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or from our services, and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your transmission, we use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure its security on our systems.
VI. Contact Us
If you have any questions, comments or concerns regarding our privacy policy and/or practices, please contact us privacy@papayapolls.com.
PapayaPolls.com