http://www.riscos.org/privacy.html
Friday 11 Dec, 2020
Jump to
Select topic of interest...
RISC OS Academy
RISC OS Support
RISC OS Software
Broadband
Networking
Resources
Tutorials
Local Usergroups
CSA.* FAQ
Contact us
Search Articles Search for Software
Home
About
News
Software
Support
Resources
Contact
Section Index
RISCOS.org Privacy Policy
Personal privacy and freedom is at the absolute top of my priorities. To this end, I've based my privacy policy around that which I found at Gibson Research Corporation, which I hope they won't mind. Like GRC, I've broken it down into specific sections.
I host my own server, and I work for the ISP that provides my internet service - so security and privacy are paramount at every step of the way. I'm the only person who has root access to my server, which has comprehensive firewall and rootkit monitoring mechanisms in place.
Personal Information and Emails
• Emails - I wrote and designed the email system on my server so there are no hidden third-party backdoors or weaknesses. My email client is RISC OS based which means that it is 100% impervious to all known email viruses, trojans or worms. Put simply, you cannot receive a virus or unauthorised email attachment from me. If you're uncertain whether an email originating from me has been faked, then ask me to send you a PGP signed email.
My GnuPG public key is available here.
All my recipients email addresses are kept totally confidential and there is NO CHANCE I will ever divulge them to any third party whatsoever for any reason whatsoever. I feel very strongly about the privacy of email addresses and nothing could or would induce me to divulge any email addresses to any third party.
All server email logs are regularly wiped every night.
Cookies
• RISCOS.org is 100% cookie free. There is absolutely no tracking of any kind ever happening on this site. Period.
Advertisements
• RISCOS.org is 100% Ad Free - This web site is about content and information. I don't like viewing adverts and garish clutter, so I don't see why you should either. It's a distraction and waste of space.
Server Logs
• Nope. We Zap 'em - As stated above, all email logs are regularly wiped every night. Web access logs are stored for one month for the purposes of generating statistics and then also wiped. This occurs automatically and without intervention.The only exception to this policy is the monitoring of government and military accesses via my Vigay.com spook watch - and they're fair game because of the Orwellian methods of surveillance that they use on everyone else!
Your IP Address
• Never Recorded - With the exception of generating statistics (which are only for my benefit to enable me to see generic data about geographic spread or browser use of my visitors) or government/military/spooks mentioned above, no IP addresses are ever stored or recorded in any fashion.
Freedom
There is no record that anyone who visits RISCOS.org has done so, nor what they did or where they went while they were here.I don't care if you're a freedom fighter protecting your privacy by reading our security articles or a school kid looking up the latest RISC OS games. Your browsing habits are yours and yours alone as far as I'm concerned.
Having said that, there is nothing illegal or immoral on this website, so if you are of dubious ethical standing then you won't find anything of interest here anyway.
If you have any questions or concerns about anything you have seen here, or about anything relating to internet privacy, PLEASE DON'T HESITATE to contact me.
Thank you for your interest in these tricky but important issues. Perhaps we can work together to raise the standard of privacy on the Internet. It's certainly worth a try!
Email this page to a friend
Last edit: 10th Apr 2016 at 4:57pm (1706 days ago)
Bookmark with:What are these?
Delicious Digg reddit Facebook StumbleUpon
Home
About
News
Software
Support
Resources
Contact
Section Index
RISCOS.org is owned and operated by Paul Vigay.Site map | Copyright | Disclaimer | Privacy policy.
PHORM PROHIBITEDThe contents of this site, and communications between this site and its users, are protected by database right, copyright, confidentiality and the right not to be intercepted conferred by section 1(3) of the Regulation of Investigatory Powers Act 2000. The use of those contents and communications by Internet Service Providers or others to profile or classify users of this site for advertising or other purposes is strictly forbidden.