https://www.smartertechnologies.co.uk/privacy-statement/
Privacy Statement | Smarter Technologies Ltd
info@smartertechnologies.co.uk 01706 367036 | 0345 319 4887
Request a Quote Newsletter Sign-Up
Toggle navigation
Home
Charity
Business
Education
About Us
Team
What our clients say…
Vision
Blogs
News
Apprentice’s Blog
Microsoft Teams
Microsoft 365
Download Guides
Tech Tip Videos
Contact Us
Privacy Statement
Home Privacy Statement
What cookies do we use on this website?
CookieTypeDurationDescriptionCookie ConsentPersistent1 yearIn the header of each web page on this site you will see a message alerting you of our privacy and cookie policy. If you've seen this message once, you probably won't want to see it again. We use a cookie to remember this setting. User data is all anonymous.Download Guides Pop-upPersistentUntil DeletedWe have a number of downloadable guides on our website. When you download a guide we ask you for your name and email address so that we can add you to our newsletter emailing list. When you submit your name and email address and download the guide a cookie is set so that you do not see the pop-up again for any guide that you have already downloaded.Google AnalyticsThird Party2 yearsTo understand how people use our site, and to discover areas on our site with issues, we use Google Analytics. Most websites use some sort of analytics program like this. The data it collects helps us see things like how many people visit our site, which country they are from, how many pages they visited, how fast our site loaded, and so on. All data collected is completely anonymous, it does not identify you as an individual in any way.Home Page Pop-upPersistent30 daysOur home page has a pop-up which provides information about specific content on our website. This cookie is set once you close the pop-up so that you will only see the pop-up once every 30 days.Tidio ChatPersistent1 yearTo enable us to communicate with website visitors in real-time we use an online chat facility which you will see at the bottom of each page.  This cookie is only set if you use the chat facility and we set it so that we can continue to chat to you even if you visit another page on our website, or if you visit us at another time.WordPressPersistent1 yearWordPress is the Content Management System (CMS) that runs this website. It uses a cookie when logging in and out and is essential for proper website operation. It is only set if you are a registered user, so for most people it is not used at all.
How can I control the use of cookies on this website?
Most web browsers allow some control of most cookies through the browser settings. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org.
Does this website use Google Analytics?
Yes, we use Google Analytics to help improve and maintain our website. Google may use anonymised information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this website in order to provide us with data about how visitors use our website. When you first visit our website you are asked to agree to the use of cookies which enables the collection of this information. To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites visit tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Who is the Data Controller for the personal information collected by this website?
Smarter Technologies Ltd.
Do you have to submit personal information to use this website?
You can visit our website without submitting any personal information about yourself at all.
Our webserver does create a log of all visits to our website and it may be possible, in certain circumstances, to use the data from this log to obtain personal information about you. However, it is not our business practice to use our webserver’s log to obtain any personal information or to personally identify any individual. We only use the information in our webserver’s log to assist with our website design and maintenance;
How do we obtain your personal information?
We only obtain, and store, personal information about you when:
You send us an email;
You submit any form on our website;
You order any of our services or products. In which case, at our discretion, we may obtain, and store, information about your credit and financial history
When you provide your contact details to one of our employees during a business meeting;
You request any information from us, by any other means;
When we carry out market research to identify business customers to whom we wish to market our services or products. Such market research is carried out using web search engines, mailing list providers, telephone calls to businesses and third party referrals;
What personal information may we obtain about you?
We may obtain, and store, all, or some, of the following personal information about you:
Your address (personal and business);
The company you are employed by;
Your telephone number (personal, business and mobile);
Your fax number (personal and business);
Your email address (personal and business);
Your website URL (personal and business);
Your financial history (personal and business);
Your name (including email nicknames);
Information about the computer systems and services that you use to access the Internet;
Information about your activities on our website;
Information you have provided in emails that you have sent to us;
Information you have provided in forms on our website that you have submitted to us;
Details of orders that you have placed with us;
Details of any information requests that you have made to us in any other way;
Why do we need to process your personal information?
We use your personal information to:
Enter into, or prepare to enter into, a contract with you to supply goods and services;
To supply you with goods and services which you have contracted to purchase from us;
Comply with legal obligations to supply information to HMRC for VAT and Corporation Tax purposes;
Ensure the correct functioning of our website, email service and IT systems. It is a legitimate business interest for us to use your personal information in this way;
Ensure that our clients are in a financial position to pay us for goods and services which we may supply. It is a legitimate business interest for us to use your personal information in this way;
Provide you with marketing information about our goods and services. It is a legitimate business interest for us to contact potential business clients in this way. We adhere to the ICO’s Business-to-Business marketing guidelines and we do not knowingly market to any consumer or sole trader. If your are a consumer or sole trader please advise us and we will delete your personal information;
How do we protect your personal information?
We protect your personal information in the following ways:
We store your personal information on servers which are protected from unauthorised access by the use of passwords and other security methods. These passwords are only available to personnel who require access to your personal information to complete the tasks described above.
Our company LAN is protected from direct connection to the Internet by a hardware firewall and other security methods;
We monitor our firewall and other security logs on a regular schedule for indications of unusual, or cracker related, activity;
We assess our IT security procedures on a regular basis;
Our webserver is protected from direct connection to the Internet by a hardware firewall and other security methods.
Our webserver uses the TSL/SSL protocol (https://) and all personal information which you may submit using any forms on this website is secure during transmisson to us;
All personal information which you may send by email using the Internet, may not be secure during transmisson to us;
Do we pass your personal information on to anybody else?
We will not pass your email address, or any other personal information we may hold about you, to any third party, except in the following circumstances:
When we need to pass such information to one of our suppliers to complete your order, make delivery arrangements or to answer a request for information from you. You should note that as our suppliers may be located in any country of the world, your personal information may be transferred world-wide. However we will always ensure that appropriate contractual or legal safeguards are in place before we transfer your personal information outside of the UK;
When we use a cloud service to store your personal information. You should note that as our cloud services may be located in any country of the world, your personal information may be transferred world-wide. However we will always ensure that appropriate contractual or legal safeguards are in place before we transfer your personal information outside of the UK;
When we use an email service to send you newsletters which you have subscribed to. You should note that as our email services may be located in any country of the world, your personal information may be transferred world-wide. However we will always ensure that appropriate contractual or legal safeguards are in place before we transfer your personal information outside of the UK;
When required to do so by law;
When required to do so by a court order;
When you request us to do so, in writing;
How long do we keep your personal information?
We keep your personal information for seven years from the end of the United Kingdom tax year in which we last had contact with you. This is to allow us to comply with United Kingdom tax laws;
Do we use automated decision-making processes or carry out profiling?
We do not use automated decision-making processes or carry out profiling using any of the personal information which we may hold about you.
How can you obtain a copy of, correct, or request deletion of your personal information?
If you wish to know what personal information we hold about you, or you wish to correct some of your personal information, or you would like your personal information to be deleted please contact us.
What is the Data Protection Act 2018?
The Data Protection Act 2018 controls how your personal information is used by organisations, businesses or the government and is the UK’s implementation of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
Under the Data Protection Act 2018, you have the right to find out what information the government and other organisations store about you. These include the right to:
Be informed about how your data is being used;
Access personal data;
Have incorrect data updated;
Have data erased;
Stop or restrict the processing of your data;
Data portability (allowing you to get and reuse your data for different services);
Object to how your data is processed in certain circumstances;
You also have rights when an organisation is using your personal data for:
Automated decision-making processes (without human involvement);
Profiling, for example to predict your behaviour or interests;
The Data Protection Act 2018 requires that we notify the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) that we are processing personal information so that our details can be included in the public register. We have done this and our registration number is Z2250233.
You can obtain more information about the GDPR and the Data Protection Act 2018, and consult the ICO’s public register at ico.org.uk.
If you believe that your rights under the Data Protection Act 2018 have been infringed you can make a complaint to the ICO.
Smarter Technologies Ltd, Unit 1 Broadfield Industrial Estate, Seymour Street, Heywood, OL10 3AJ | Company No.: 07172781 | VAT No.: 794 7491 68
Request a Quote
What our clients say:
Nikki PriceInstil Bio (UK) Limited Thank you very much for your help on a Saturday! I can’t tell you how very grateful we are to you for helping us out with this last minute request and doing it so promptly.
Bill LeesThe Housing Link (2003) Smarter Technologies make so many complicated things sound clear and understandable in a way that I completely understand.
Jim GowmanYMCA Black Country Group I want to pass on the thanks received today from across all parts of the YMCABC teams about how robust the IT systems have been. We have had to get to grips with remote working and with this pandemic it has come into its own.
Andrew BeeputThe Bond Board Smarter Technologies really understand the pressure charities are under and consider this when making recommendations. They saved us so much money – I can’t put a price on their help. It was invaluable.
David Lackner-SmithThe Sanctuary Trust It’s great being able to rely on such prompt service from Smarter Technologies, it really gives us peace of mind knowing that our IT support is provided by a team that will go the extra mile.
Jim GowmanYMCA Black Country Group Just to say to the Smarter Technologies team, thanks for a very smooth transition into the 21st Century of IT with our upgraded equipment. All aspects of the installation have received positive feedback from day one.
Graham EvansThe Housing Link (2003) We have a tight budget and Smarter Technologies has enabled us to ‘work smarter’ and provide fast assistance to those who need it. It has played an integral role in the success of this charity.
Richard BoydRed Flame Marketing I found the IT support for my small business to be excellent. Everything is clearly explained in non-technical language; prompt service and very affordable. Will be recommending Smarter Technologies to other businesses. (In fact, I already have!).
Tracey PeaceRamsbottom Kitchen Company The Smarter Technologies team are like extended members of our staff and always go the extra mile. The team come in early and stay until they finish – they even lock up for us.
Andrew JennerRCD Leaflets Please pass my thanks on to the team as the whole process from quote to install was unbelievably thorough, efficient and smooth.
Lynne SprigingsBolton Young Persons Housing Scheme As a small charity it’s really important for us to have reliable and responsive IT support, which Smarter Technologies supplies.
Dave BagleyUrban Outreach (Bolton) Thanks again for the swift response from Smarter Technologies to our IT needs recently. All is working perfectly.
Jane HaywardYMCA Black Country Group The service I have received has been excellent, from the initial meeting where the process was explained to managers, right down to coming out to go through SharePoint with me.
prevnext
© 2011-2020			Smarter Technologies Ltd  | 			Privacy Statement
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. If you continue we'll assume you agree with this. Hide this message RejectPrivacy StatementPrivacy Statement
Close
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled