http://www.ashtonservices.com/privacy.html
Home ::
privacy
privacy
Protecting your privacy is important to us. This policy will help you understand how we collect, use, and safeguard the personal information you provide on our web site.
Information Collection - If you browse our web site, you do so anonymously. We don't collect personal information -
including your e-mail address. We do log your IP address (the Internet address of your computer) and we use that information to lookup the host name associated with that IP to give us an idea of which parts of our web site you visit and how long you spend there and what organizations are using our web site. But we do not link your IP address to anything personally identifiable. The only other information automatically provided to us is the operating system and platform you are using together with whatever other information the browser you use is programmed to send. Your browser supplies us with this information. Like many other commercial web sites, we use a standard technology called a "cookie" which is a small string of text that a web site can send to your browser. A cookie cannot retrieve any other data from your hard drive, pass on computer viruses, or capture your E-mail address. Currently, our web site sends cookies to identify your session with the website only. It is possible to set your browser to inform you when a cookie is being placed and give you the opportunity to decide whether to accept the cookie. If you are browsing our site, you do not have to accept a cookie and you may still continue using the site. We may request that you voluntarily supply us with personal information, such as your e-mail address and postal address, for purposes such as corresponding with us or subscribing to our publications.
Information Use - If you provide us with your e-mail or postal address, or have done so in the past, we will send you information. We do not sell that information to third parties. If that policy should change, we will automatically include your data as "OPTED OUT" from any such sale unless you opt in to that policy at a later time.
Children - While our marketing materials can be viewed by children, we do not solicit data from them and we do not market to them in any targeted way. Because of the nature of our services, our clients are practically exclusively adults and business entities. Parents and guardians should spend time online with their children and participate in the interactive activities offered on sites their children visit. No information should be submitted to, or posted at, our web site by visitors under 18 years of age without the consent of their parent or guardian.
Our privacy policy is subject to change at any time and without notice. Please check here for updates.
"We Help You Profit from Technology"™
contact us
| site map
| privacy
| terms of use
© Ashton Services, Inc 2003 •
info@AshtonServices.com • P:413.746.9661 F:413.746.9651