http://www.hootech.com/privacy.htm
Home
Products   Download
Purchase   Formats
Freeware   Support
Privacy Policy
Hoo Technologies is committed to protecting the privacy of visitors
to this. To accomplish this, we have implemented a comprehensive Online Privacy
Policy that governs all Internet-related communications for Hoo Technologies.
This policy is subject to change. We will, however, keep this page updated to
make visitors aware of any and all changes.
Please read our policy and let us know what you think. If you have any questions,
please send a note to <support at hootech.com>.
Guiding Principles
The following principles guide all of our online communications:
No SPAM! We will never send unsolicited email to our customers or other visitors
to our website. We will use email to respond to email messages from customers
or to engage in other communication. We do send our customers (registered users
only) product upgrade information. Any user not desiring upgrade information may
notify us by email, and we will send no further information.
We don't sell personal information gathered online about our customers. Rest
assured, we will never provide your email address, or any other information gathered
from visits to our website, to any external organization.
When you buy our product, your order and product delivery is handled by one
of our resellers. Each reseller is a secure online ordering service. Contact data
(such as your email address) is disclosed to Hoo Technologies for customer support
purposes only and is kept confidential by Hoo Technologies and the reseller. Your
billing data (such as your credit card number) is NEVER disclosed to Hoo Technologies.
What information do we gather
and how is it used?
Generic data. When you visit our web site, we log general data, including
your domain name (e.g. google.com, yahoo.com, aol.com, msn.com, etc.), the name
of the web page from which you entered our site, which pages you visit on our
site, and, how much time you spend on each page. We use this information to continually
monitor and improve our website. None of this information is collected or stored
on a personal (customer-specific) level. Specifically, we do not collect your
email address and, in fact, have no way of getting it unless you explicitly tell
us.
Personal information which you choose to submit. As a visitor to our website,
you may choose to send us a question in email. Anytime you submit personal information
for a specific purpose, your information will be used for that purpose only. Our
policy is to inform you when you submit that information, exactly how it will
be used. In many cases, you can choose how much information to supply (e.g. when
sending us email, you may choose to include only an email address -- not a telephone
number or mailing address -- for replies.) There may be instances where we will
request complete information for a particular activity, but, again, it's your
choice whether or not to supply it.
What about "cookies"?
The term "cookie" refers to files that are transferred from a website
to your computer's hard drive. The purpose of cookies is to enable the host website
to track your activities on their website. Some (usually newer) versions of web
browsers allow you to decide whether or not to accept cookie files, and some programs
notify you when a website is about to deposit a cookie file on your hard drive.
If you decide not to accept cookies, you may not be able to successfully navigate
some parts of the website.
You can check your hard drive for cookie files. For PC's, look for "cookies.txt"
files on your hard drive. On a Macintosh, look for "magic cookies."
There are software programs available ("cookie cutters" and "anonymizers")
that allow you to selectively edit cookie files.
Why do websites use cookies? The use of cookies often improves the level of
service for visitors to the site. For example, for sites that require registration,
a cookie file can be stored on the visitor's computer enabling the visitor to
skip the registration process on subsequent visits. Cookies are frequently used
to track the progression of a customer engaged in an online purchase to ensure
that the transaction information remains intact.
Copyright © 2004-2013 Hoo
Technologies All Rights Reserved. Contact
Us | Links | Privacy
Policy