http://www.phparch.com/policies/privacy-policy/
Magazine
Subscribe
Advertise with Us
PHP 8 Bits and Git – December 2020
SOLID Foundations – November 2020
Running Parallel – October 2020
Under the Scope – September 2020
Past Issues
Write
Editorial Calendar
Editorial Guidelines
Books
All Books
Write for Us
WordPress Development in Depth
The Grumpy Programmer’s Guide To Testing PHP Applications
The Fizz Buzz Fix
The Dev Lead Trenches
Web Scraping with PHP, 2nd Edition
Security Principles for PHP Applications
Docker for Developers, 2nd edition
What’s Next? Professional Development Advice
Training
Custom PHP Training
Our Training Program
Meet our Trainers
Podcast
Subscribe
Conferences
php[tek]
php[world]
Swag
Laravel ElePHPant
PHPWomen ElePHPant
All Swag
Register
Login
Want to check out an issue? Sign up to receive a special offer.
Close
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is extremely important to us. We take it seriously and will only use your personal information to administer your account and to provide the products and services you have requested from us  This page outlines the steps that we have undertaken to protect it:
Data we collect and its use
Whenever you visit our site, we track basic anonymous statistical information (e.g.: browser type, screen size, etc.); we do this so that we can better taylor our site to the needs of our users, and we only share the information collected with the companies that provide us with statistical analysis. We honor Do Not Track and you can also opt-out of tracking here:
All personal information collected through the site (with the exception of payment processing data) remains in our database and is shared with third parties only for the purpose of providing you with the services you provide (e.g.: printers, shipping companies, etc.). We do not resell or lease our user list to anyone.
If you purchase a physical good including printed books, a print subscription to the magazine, or merchandise from use, we share your address with our printers and shipping services in order to fulfill your order.
If you sign up for our mailing list, your information is shared with Mailchimp in order to send you periodic updates and offers.
If you purchase a ticket to attend one of conferences or events, your information is shared with the company we contract to organize the event.
We may, from time to time, contact you with special offers and promotions. We take this privilege very seriously and do not intend to abuse it; however, you can remove yourself from our promotional mailing list from the “Personal Information” section of your account page.
Regardless of your promotional e-mail settings, we will also send you a monthly e-mail whenever a new issue of one of our magazines is released. You can unsubscribe from these mailing from the “Magazines / Subscription” section of your account page.
We may record your IP address for security and to prevent fraud and fraudulent orders.
At all times, we may use the information we collect to improve the services that we provide you. This may require that we share the information you have provided us with a third-party research firm; we will only do so after requiring that the third-party research firm adhere to the terms of this Privacy Policy and that the third-party research firm never share or resell the information with third parties for commercial purposes.
You must be older than 13 in order to be able to use this website.
Use of Cookies
Like many sites, we use cookies for a variety of reasons, including maintain session state, and collecting anonymous statistical information Your browser must support and accept cookies in order to use our site.
Changes in Your Account
Most of your account settings (including promotional e-mail settings) can be changed directly from your account page. Please note that our personnel will never, under any circumstance, ask you for your password or credit card information over e-mail.
Access to your account is protected by a password; please ensure that you keep your password confidential and change it often.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to modify the terms of this Privacy Policy at any time by posting such changes prominently on our website no later than fifteen days before such changes take effect.
Even though this Privacy Policy states the standard terms under which we operate, in some circumstances beyond our control we may not be able to meet them, and you data may be disclosed, against our wishes, to third parties as a result. We therefore disclaim all warranties and representations, whether express or implied, of nondisclosure of your information.
Should you require to contact us for information about this Privacy Policy, please do so through our website.
Accessing backend system…
We're sorry, but your session has expired due to inactivity. Please use your browser to refresh this page and log in to our system again.
Message goes here.
Message goes here.
Message goes here.
Message goes here.
About us
What we do
Contact us
Write for us
FAQ
Logo Download
Policies & legal
Customer support
Privacy & Cookie Policy
Refund policy
Code of Conduct
Terms & Conditions
Online Store
Magazine
Training courses
Books
Special sections
php[tek] Conference
php[world] Conference
php[architect]
Follow us on:
@phparch on Twitter
Facebook
LinkedIn
Copyright © 2002-2020 musketeers.me, LLC. — All amounts in USD
CookiesThis site uses cookies:
Find out more.Okay, thanks