https://www.pivotpointsecurity.com/company/privacy-policy/
Social Menu
Social Menu
Social Menu
Social Menu
Search
Services
CMMC Preparation
CMMC Compliance Services
ISO 27001
ISO 27001 Certification
ISO 27001 Maintenance
ISO 27017 – Cloud Security for CSP’s
ISO 27018 – Data Privacy for CSP’s
ISO 27701 – Data Privacy Management System
SOC 2 Readiness
Virtual CISO (vCISO)
IoT Security
IoT Security Consulting & Assessments
Network Security
CREST Network Penetration Test
Vulnerability Assessment
Penetration Test
Architecture Review
Application Security
Penetration Test
API Penetration Testing
Architecture Review & Threat Assessment
Vendor Due Diligence
Accelerated Vendor Due Diligence
Third Party Risk Management
SaaS Security
Business Continuity
Blockchain Security
Compliance
CMMC
CMMC Compliance Services
CCPA
SOC 2
CIS CSC
PCI
FedRAMP
NYDFS
GDPR
HIPAA
HITRUST
Industries
Legal
Financial
Government
Healthcare
More Industries
Resources
ISO 27001 Resources
ISO 27001 Audit & Cost Guide
ISO 27001 Checklist
ISO 27001 Cost Blog
ISO 27001 : Recipe & Ingredients for Certification
ISO 27001 Roadmap
ISO 27701 Cost
CCPA
CCPA Compliance Roadmap
CMMC
CMMC Certification Guide
CMMC C3PAO FAQs
CMMC Capabilities
CMMC Cost
CMMC Gap Analysis FAQs
CMMC Marketplace FAQs
SSP for CMMC
vCISO
vCISO Cost
FedRAMP
FedRAMP Cost
Third Party Risk Management
VRM Best Practice Guide for Small to Medium Businesses
Application Security
Ready for a Pen Test? Infographic
Business Continuity
BCP Table Top Exercise Template
About Us
Locations
Client Satisfaction
Giving Back
Jobs
Working at Pivot Point Security
PPS Partners
Our Stance on Inclusivity
The Virtual CISO Podcast
Blog
Contact Us
1-888-PIVOT-POINT1-888-748-6876
info@pivotpointsecurity.com
Talk with an Expert
1-888-PIVOT-POINT | 1-888-748-6876
info@pivotpointsecurity.com
Get Your Information Security Questions Answered
Access The Latest Episodes from The Virtual CISO Podcast
Privacy Policy
Privacy at Pivot Point Security Inc.
Pivot Point Security respects your privacy and is committed to protecting the privacy of our visitors and clients. We uphold the highest industry standards in privacy and permission marketing.
Security and Privacy
Pivot Point Security’s website uses reasonable commercial methods and security measures to protect against the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control.
Pivot Point Security shares information with our partners for the sole purpose of better supporting our current and future customers. We will never share, sell, or rent individual personal information outside of this partner arrangement unless ordered by a court of law.
Pivot Point Security enforces a strict internal policy regarding information protection requirements. Information submitted to Pivot Point Security is restricted to employees managing this information for specific purposes only. These purposes include contacting you (via email, phone, etc.) in an effort to respond to a request or provide a service, and to notify you of Pivot Point Security events and other Pivot Point Security related activities such as training.
Pivot Point Security may also contact you with surveys in order to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
Statistical Information About Your Visit
When you visit Pivot Point Security’s website, our system uses cookies to collect statistical or non-personally identifiable information about your visit to our sites (e.g., IP address, pages visited, origin of visitor domains, types of browsers used, and anonymous demographic information). However, unless you actively submit personal information, we do not typically identify you via the non-personally identifiable information.
This information provides us with general statistics regarding our sites, giving insight into how effective certain areas of our sites are to users and how we might improve user experience.
Pivot Point Security collects the information (including personally identifiable information) you provide when you request information, send us e-mails, when you register for any of our events or classes, and in the operation of services.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through Pivot Point Security public message boards, this information may be collected and used by others. Note: Pivot Point Security does not read any of your private online communications.
How We Use the Information We Collect
To provide Pivot Point Security services
Where it is necessary to perform our contract with you or to take steps at your request to enter into the contract, we may collect or generate additional details about you during the course of such engagement in order to provide you with our services.
For Business Administration and Legal Compliance
We may also use your personal information:
To administer our relationship and maintain contractual relations;
For accounting and tax purposes;
For marketing and business development;
To comply with the firm’s regulatory obligations;
To establish, exercise or defend legal rights;
For historical and statistical purposes.
For Client Development
We may use personal information in order to respond to, prepare for and present pitches and other proposals, and identify potential business opportunities. Largely, this involves our collection and use of non-personal business information about current, former and prospective corporate clients. However, we may also process limited personal information about individuals (name, current and former company, current and former title, contact information and similar information).
To Comply with Another Party’s Legitimate Interests and our Legal and Regulatory Obligations
As part of your business or other commercial dealings with the firm, we may collect or generate details about you in connection to maintain our relationship with you and maintain contractual relations, for accounting and tax purposes and applicable legal and/or regulatory obligations.
Communications
Where permitted by applicable law, we may record and/or monitor telephone calls made and received and electronic communications sent to or received by the firm’s networks in order to protect our business and verify compliance with our policies and relevant legal requirements. Any such recording and/or monitoring will be carried out for lawful business purposes and in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.
In order to communicate efficiently, correspondence and documents may be sent by unencrypted email. You will be aware that this is not guaranteed as a secure method of communication, nor are there any service standards for delivery. If you would prefer us not to use unencrypted email, please speak to your contact at the firm.
Analytics and Improvement
To better understand how users access and use the Site, our service offerings, and for other research and analytical purposes, we will gather information from a user’s visit to the Site.
Newsletters, Mailing Lists, Direct Marketing, and Business Development
We may use your personal information for direct marketing purposes, including to send you newsletters, client alerts and information we think may interest you either electronically and/or post-mail. By submitting your contact information on a form on this site you are providing opt-in consent to receive these marketing messages. We may also use your personal information to develop new services and determine how to market our services. You may update your preferences or opt out at any time.
For more information on how to exercise your rights, contact us at info@pivotpointsecurity.com
Events
If you attend an event that is run by or in association with our firm, we will collect contact details as part of event registration. This information may include dietary requirements and details of any health issues or disabilities which may impact upon your attendance at or participation in the event.
Where an event is sponsored in association with a partner organization or hosted at an external venue (“Co-Sponsored”), we may need to share your personal details with the partner, event organizer or venue. Only the minimum information will be shared as necessary for the purposes of running the event.
Should you choose to register or submit your information to any events where Pivot Point Security co-sponsors with a third party, we will have no control over the third-party sponsors’ use of this information, and this Notice will not apply.
We use this information to help develop and improve our site to better meet your needs. We may use your name or e-mail address to contact you or respond to your inquiries. We also use this information to help us diagnose technical issues relating to the performance of our website.
In addition, we use personal information to comply with applicable legal requirements, carry out our contractual obligations and pursue our legitimate interests (such as managing our Site and client relationships). Where required by applicable law, we obtain consent to process personal information.
In the event that we use personal information we collect for other purposes not identified above where direct client consent is required under applicable rules, laws and/or regulations we will provide specific notice at the time we collect such personal information
Opt-Out
To opt-out from having any provided information used for email communications from us, please click on the opt-out (unsubscribe) link in any message you receive from us. This will allow you to unsubscribe or update your message preferences. Alternately, you may contact us at info@PivotPointSecurity.com.
Blog Sites
If you leave a comment on a Pivot Point Security blog post, you should be aware that any personally identifiable information you submit on our blog site can be read, collected, or otherwise used by anyone who reads the blog or who visits the URL of the blog post on which you comment. We are not responsible for use of this information by non-Pivot Point Security personnel.
Your name and e-mail are required for verification and protection against spam. The name you leave will be published and is used as an identifier of the comment. The email provided is not published and will not be sold, rented, or shared outside of this arrangement unless ordered by a court of law.
Testimonials
We post customer testimonials on our website. These testimonials may contain personally identifiable information, such as the customer’s name. We obtain the customer’s consent prior to posting the testimonial so that we can post their name along with their testimonial.
Additionally, we will post customer testimonials with no personally identifiable information. We do not obtain customer consent to post these testimonials.
Cookies
Please see our Cookie Policy for information on how cookies are leveraged.
Third Party Websites
Please be aware that other websites that may be accessed through our site may collect personally identifiable information about you. Pivot Point Security does not share your personal information with those websites and is not responsible for their privacy practices. Please check the applicable Privacy Policy of those sites.
Children’s Privacy
These websites are not intended for people under the age of 13. Pivot Point Security does not knowingly solicit or collect information from children or minors (under the age of 18).
Policy Consent
By using our websites, you agree to this Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy. This policy appears in its completed form and supersedes any earlier version.
Data Retention
We keep your personal data for as long as reasonably necessary for the purposes of serving you. Except as noted below, we will retain your account profile data as necessary for our legitimate business purposes or to comply with our legal obligations (such as record keeping, accounting, fraud prevention, and other business administrative purposes). Where your information is no longer required, we will ensure it is disposed of in a secure manner.
Data Subject Rights
Right of Access
An individual has the right to ask whether we process data about them and to have access to that data.
Right to Rectification
Where personal data is inaccurate or incomplete, an individual has the right to request that it be corrected or completed.
Right to Erasure
An individual has the right to require that PPS erases personal data without undue delay.
Right to Restrict Processing
An individual can exercise the right to a restriction of processing of their personal data under certain circumstances.
Right to Data Portability
An individual has the right to request that their personal data be provided to them and to transfer that data to another party.
Right to Object
Automated Decision-Making Rights
An individual has the right to not be the subject of automated decision-making where the decision may impact them.
Retention of Personal Information
To the extent permitted by applicable law, we retain your personal information for the period necessary to serve the purposes for which we obtained it. We may also retain your personal information beyond such period in accordance with applicable laws, regulations, or another lawful basis, including but not limited to, compliance with our contractual obligations, legal obligations, regulatory obligations, legal claims, or another legitimate interest.
Exercising Data Subject’s Rights and Contacting PPS
You can contact us directly in order to:
Update or correct the PII that we store about you;
Direct us to render inactive on our systems all your PII; or
Make any request to change, alter, or delete PII.
We may be reached at info@pivotpointsecurity.com.
Notification of Changes
This Privacy Policy is subject to change without notice. Any changes to this policy will be posted on our site at least one week prior to their taking effect. If at any point, we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify users via email of the changes to our policy. Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner.
We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time, so please review it frequently. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of a notice on our website.
Breach Notification
It is the policy of PPS to be fair and proportionate when considering the actions to be taken to inform affected parties regarding breaches of personal data. Where a breach is known to have occurred which is likely to result in a risk to the rights and freedoms of individuals, the relevant supervisory authority will be informed within 72 hours. Where, and in so far as, it is not possible to provide the information at the same time, the information may be provided in phases without undue further delay. This will be managed in accordance with our Information Security Incident Response Procedure which sets out the overall process of handling Information Security incidents.
Privacy Policy Effective Date: April 1, 2018
Pivot Point Security welcomes your comments regarding this statement of privacy. If you believe that Pivot Point Security has not adhered to this statement, please contact us at: info@pivotpointsecurity.com. We will use reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem.
Contact Information
For further information, please contact us.
info@pivotpointsecurity.com
Pivot Point Security Inc.957 Route 33Suite 111Hamilton Square, NJ 08690
Tel: 888-PIVOTPOINT