http://www.symbiosis.com/privacy-policy
Skip to Main Content
Scroll down
Loading...
Privacy Policy
Symbiosis iMedia Systems Ltd
At Symbiosis we take your privacy extremely seriously.
In order to do business with you or to support the products we sell, we need to collect and store some personal data about you. We only collect and store the data that we need in order to conduct our business for the lawful purposes of fulfilling our contracts with customers, suppliers and staff. You do not have the right to have this data erased as we also have a duty to keep it for compliance with UK authorities. However, you do have the right to request to see the data we hold about you, for us to store it securely and for us to inform you if there is a breach of that security that affects your personal data. Please note, if you have joined our mailing list you can opt-out of this list at any time using the unsubscribe link in any of our marketing emails.
We also collect some personal data about people with whom we don’t currently have a business relationship with but would like to be kept informed about our products or services at any time. You can unsubscribe to opt-out of this list at any time and have the right to view the data we hold on you, have it transferred to you or to have this data erased.
We will never sell or share our customer data with any third party except for those used to directly help us carry out our lawful business (examples of these include but are not limited to couriers to deliver your products, credit reference agencies, our accountants and HMRC).
Your personal data will not be processed outside of the UK or EU without your consent.
For more information please contact privacy@symbiosis.com. We will respond to you within one month with no charge for reasonable requests.
To lodge a complaint about how we have managed or used your data, please contact us in the first instance. If you are not happy with our response, please then contact the UK Information Commissioner’s Office.
Home
Products
Resellers
Support
News & Events
About
Contact Us
Login
Copyright 2020 © Symbiosis E&OE
Head Office: 47 Parade, Leamington Spa, Warwickshire, CV32 4BL, UK
Company No: 02568732
Privacy Policy
Designed by
Edge of the Web