http://www.leetech.com/_verticodata/_dpt_privacy
iMaxSOFT    Home • About • Techie Center • Download • Login
DATABASE POWER TOOL (V2.00) is a secure and easy-to-use relational database management tool. DB2, ORACLE and MySQL can be managed homogeneously
cross-platforms from anywhere at anytime.Friday 11th of December 2020 12:02:12 AM
Privacy Policy Statement
This Privacy Policy is effective as of September 20, 2010
This Privacy Policy applies to the collective products, services, and websites offered by iMaxsoft Corporation ("iMaxsoft", "we", "our", "us").
This Policy describes iMaxsoft's policies and procedures on the collection, protection, disclosure, and use of your personal information.
Personal information is information about you that is personally identifiable like your name, address, email address, or phone number, and that is not otherwise publicly available.
By using or accessing iMaxsoft, you agree to our privacy practices outlined in this Policy. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can submit your concern through our website here, or contact us at:
iMaxsoft Corporation
Privacy Policy Issues
Cupertino, CA 95014 US
Privacy policy
This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that iMaxsoft does not own or control, or to people that iMaxsoft does not employ or manage. We are not responsible for, nor have any control over, the privacy policies of those third party websites, and encourage all users to read the privacy policies of each and every website visited. If we use your personal information in a manner different than the purpose for which it was collected, then we will ask for your consent prior to such use.
Information you provide and how we use it
When you create or reconfigure an iMaxsoft Account, we ask for and store your personal information such as your email address, dns, password, and billing information. We use your email to create your account login and to send you updates on existing and new services or to contact other users on your behalf. We reserve the right to send you certain communications relating to the iMaxsoft service, such as service announcements and administrative messages, that are considered part of your iMaxsoft account, without offering you the opportunity to opt out of receiving them.
You can contribute to iMaxsoft in a number of different ways, including writing comments, adding photos, adding movies, and filling out your public profile. Some of this information, for example, your dns and email, is listed publicly on our Services, including on your profile page and in search results. Some Services, such as search, public user profiles and comments, do not require registration.
Note that if you include personally identifiable information in your Public Content, it can be used and viewed by others. We are not responsible for the information you choose to include in your Public Content.
iMaxsoft allows you to exchange messages with others using our messaging service in conjunction with your email.
When you communicate through iMaxsoft, we retain your initial message and the initial reply of your message.
iMaxsoft also uses the time between your initial message and the initial reply to calculate your average response time.
You can invite your friends to join iMaxsoft by providing their email. We may store and use your friends' email to invite them to join and connect with you on the Site. Your friends will always have the opportunity to opt-out of receiving further emails from us. To help your friends find you, we allow other users to use contact information they have about you, such as your email address, to find you. You can prevent other users from using your email address to find you using the search section of your privacy settings.
We also make certain information you have posted to your profile available in search results, such as name, location, brief descriptions, keywords, and tab content.
We require your location to allow other users to search for you at a local level.
Payment sources
For subscribing members, we collect and store billing and credit card information. When you provide a payment source to us, authorize us to collect and store it, along with other related transaction information. You also confirm that you are permitted to use that payment source. When you make a payment, you authorize us (and our designated payment processor) to charge the full amount to the payment source you designate for the transaction.
When you enter sensitive information such as a credit card number, we encrypt that information using 128-bit secure socket layer technology (SSL). This information will only be shared with third parties who perform tasks (such as fulfilling orders and processing credit card payments) required to complete the purchase transaction.
Information we store
When you access iMaxsoft, our servers automatically record information that your browser sends whenever you visit a website. These server logs may include information such as your web request, your interaction with a service, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, and the date and time of your request. We use this type of information to diagnose problems with our server, administer the Site and provide the highest possible level of service to you.
When you visit iMaxsoft, we send one or more cookies to your computer or other device. We use cookies to improve the quality of our service, including for storing user preferences, improving search results, and tracking user trends, such as how people search. Data in cookies are linked to your information, such as your name, email address and password, and may be read to authenticate user sessions or provide services.
Most Internet browsers automatically accept cookies. You can remove or block cookies using the settings in your browser.
If you choose to disable cookies, some areas of iMaxsoft may not work properly or at all.
All public content and account information is stored in our database, even after "deletion," and may be archived elsewhere. Our server logs and other records are stored indefinitely. Although we make good faith efforts to store the information in a secure operating environment that is not available to the public, we cannot guarantee complete security.
Correcting and removing personal information
If you are a registered user of iMaxsoft, we provide you with access to your personal information and either to correct this data if it is inaccurate or to delete such data at your request if it is not otherwise required to be retained by law or for legitimate business purposes. We provide individual users with tools to access, remove and correct this data.
Because of the way we maintain certain services, after you delete your information, residual copies may take a period of time before they are deleted from our active servers and may remain in our backup systems.
You can delete your iMaxsoft account by visiting our Cancel Account page. When you delete an account, it is permanently deleted from iMaxsoft. You should only delete your account if you are certain you never want to reactivate it. Even after you remove information from your profile or delete your account, copies of that information may remain viewable elsewhere to the extent it has been shared with others, it was otherwise distributed pursuant to your privacy settings, or it was copied or stored by other users. However, your name will no longer be associated with that information on iMaxsoft.
Information sharing
Our Services are primarily designed to help you share information with the world. Most of the information you provide to us is information you are asking us to make public. This includes not only the messages you send, but also the friend and service lists you create. Our default is almost always to make the information you provide public but we generally give you settings to make the information more private if you want. Your public information is broadly and instantly disseminated. For example, your public Content are searchable by many search engines.
You should be careful about all information that will be made public by iMaxsoft, not just your messages.
Information set to “public” is publicly available information, just like your name, profile picture, and connections.
Such information may, for example, be accessed by everyone on the Internet (including people not logged into iMaxsoft), be indexed by third party search engines, and be imported, exported, distributed, and redistributed by us and others without privacy limitations. Such information may also be associated with you, including your name and profile picture, even outside of iMaxsoft, such as on public search engines and when you visit other sites on the internet.
The default privacy setting for certain types of information you post on iMaxsoft is set to “public.” You can review and change the default settings in your privacy settings. If you delete “public” content that you posted on iMaxsoft, we will remove it from your iMaxsoft profile, but have no control over its use outside of iMaxsoft.
To help improve or promote our service, we may share or disclose your non-private, aggregated or otherwise non-personal information in such a way that no individual user can be identified or linked to any specific action or information.
Protecting your privacy
We take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of data. These include internal reviews of our data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures, including appropriate encryption and physical security measures to guard against unauthorized access to systems where we store personal data.
We restrict access to personal information to iMaxsoft employees, contractors and agents who need to know that information in order to process it on our behalf. These individuals are bound by confidentiality obligations and may be subject to discipline, including termination and criminal prosecution, if they fail to meet these obligations.
We don't run javascript ads, pop ups, or any other kind of commercial ads.
We don't share your information with third parties for marketing purposes nor do we engage in cross-marketing or link-referral programs with other sites. iMaxsoft does not rent, sell, or share personal information about you with other people or non-affiliated companies except to provide products or services you've requested or when we have your permission. We reserve the right to investigate abuses on the Site, and enforce and apply our Terms of Service and Statement.
There may be instances when iMaxsoft may access or disclose Personal Information, in good faith belief, that such information is reasonably necessary to:
Enforce or apply our Terms of Service and Statement
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues
Comply with any applicable law, regulation, or legal process
To establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims
Protect the rights, property, or personal safety of iMaxsoft, its users or the general public
We keep your account information on a secured server behind a firewall. When you enter sensitive information (such as credit card numbers and passwords), we encrypt that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL). We also use automated and social measures to enhance security, such as analyzing account behavior for fraudulent or otherwise anomalous behavior, may limit use of site features in response to possible signs of abuse, may remove inappropriate content or links to illegal content, and may suspend or disable accounts for violations of our Statement of Rights and Responsibilities.
Although we allow you to set privacy options that limit access to your information, please be aware that no security measures are perfect or impenetrable. We cannot control the actions of other users with whom you share your information. We cannot guarantee that only authorized persons will view your information. We cannot ensure that information you share on iMaxsoft will not become publicly available. We are not responsible for third party circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures on iMaxsoft. You can reduce these risks by using common sense security practices such as choosing a strong password, using different passwords for different services, and using up to date antivirus software.
Transfer of information
In the event that iMaxsoft becomes involved in any kind of merger, acquisition, or change of ownership, we will ensure the confidentiality of any personal information involved in such transactions.
We may transfer your information to the new entity so that the service can continue to operate. In such a case, the promises in this privacy policy will apply to your information as transferred to the new entity.
Our policy towards children
iMaxsoft is intended for general audiences and not directed to children under 13.
If you are under age of 13, please do not attempt to register for iMaxsoft or provide any personal information about yourself to us. iMaxsoft does not knowingly collect any information from persons under the age of 13. If we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you become aware that we might have any information from a child under age 13, please contact us.
International users
By visiting our web site and providing us with data, you acknowledge and agree that due to the international dimension of iMaxsoft we may use the data collected in the course of our relationship for the purposes identified in this policy or in our other communications with you, including the transmission of information outside your resident jurisdiction. In addition, please understand that such data may be stored on servers located in the United States. By providing us with your data, you consent to the transfer of such data.
When a Member who is located in the European Union chooses to post Profile Information that will be publicly disclosed, that Member is responsible for ensuring that such information conforms to all local data protection laws. iMaxsoft is not responsible under the EU local data protection laws for Member-posted information.
Modifications to this statement
We may revise this Statement from time to time. The most current version of the Statement will govern our use of your personal information and will always be located here. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We will post any Privacy Policy changes on this page and notify you either by posting a notice of such changes prior to implementing the change on the Site and/or via the email associated with your account. By continuing to access or use the Services after those changes become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised Statement.
Mobile -
About iMaxsoft -Terms -
Privacy -
Home
©2020 iMaxsoft Corporation  P.O. Box 1222, Cupertino CA 95015