http://www.virusbtn.com/about-vb/terms-and-conditions/
Virus Bulletin :: Terms and Conditions
NewsletterVB ConferenceVB TestingBulletinBlog
Terms and Conditions
The terms and conditions for using this website
Terms of Use
These are the terms of use that govern usage of the Virus Bulletin website, www.virusbulletin.com; extranet, extranet.virusbulletin.com; and virtual conference site (vblocalhost.com) ("the Sites") belonging to Virus Bulletin Ltd ("Virus Bulletin"). Use of the Sites includes accessing, browsing, registering and downloading.
Please read the Terms of Use carefully before you start to use the Sites. By continuing to use the Sites you agree to be bound by the Terms of Use and, where appropriate, any other terms or conditions, guidelines or rules applicable to the products and services herein. If you do not agree with any of the Terms of Use, you must not continue to use the Sites.
Other Applicable Terms
These Terms of Use refer to the following additional terms, which also apply to the use of the Sites:
Our Privacy policies available at https://www.virusbulletin.com/about-vb/privacy-policy/ and https://extranet.virusbulletin.com/privacy_policy.php or upon request, which sets out the terms upon which we may process any personal data we collect from you, or that is provided by you. By using the Sites you consent to such processing and you warrant that all personal data provided by you to us is correct.
Our Cookie Information Page available at https://www.virusbulletin.com/about-vb/privacy-policy/cookies/ or upon request, which explains the use of cookies on our Sites.
Changes to these Terms
We may revise these Terms of Use at any time, by amending this page. You should check this page from time to time to take notice of any changes that we make; as such changes will be binding upon you. No notice of any changes shall be given.
Changes to the Sites
We may update the Sites from time to time, and may change the content at any time.
We do not guarantee that our Sites or any content on them will be free from errors or omissions. We make no promise that the Sites will always be maintained with the same DNS names, IP addresses, authentication methods or URLs, or that they will always be available and uninterrupted.
Accessing the Sites
The Sites are provided free of charge.
It is your responsibility to ensure that you have made all necessary arrangements in order to access the Sites. For example, we shall not be responsible for any telephone bills, Internet charges or any other costs incurred by you in order to access the Sites.
You are responsible for ensuring that all persons who access the Sites through your Internet connection are aware of these Terms of Use and the other applicable terms and conditions/policies mentioned, and comply with them.
Account/Password
Should you choose or be provided with a user identification code, password or any other piece of information to access the features of the VB Extranet, you must treat such information as confidential. Such information should not be disclosed to any third party.
We reserve the right to disable any user identification code or password, whether chosen by you or allocated by us, at any time and without prior notice, if in our reasonable opinion you have failed to comply with any of the provisions of these Terms of Use.
If you know or suspect that anyone other than you knows your user identification code and password you should immediately change your password.
Intellectual Property Rights
All content, data and intellectual property rights, including but not limited to all know how, concepts and logic found on or relating to the Sites is the property of Virus Bulletin. None of the data or content found on the Sites may be reproduced, republished, distributed, posted, sold, transferred or modified in any way without our prior express written permission. All intellectual property including but not limited to trademarks, logos and service marks displayed on the Sites is registered by Virus Bulletin and protected throughout the world. No licence, right or interest in any Virus Bulletin intellectual property is granted to you.
You may print off reasonable copies of any page(s) from the Sites for your own personal use and you may draw the attention of other users within your organization to content posted on the Sites.
You may quote short portions of content on the Sites, provided that (i) you credit Virus Bulletin at the end of such quote, and (ii) if you publish the quote on a website, you include an attribution link to www.virusbulletin.com from within such article.
Should you wish to make use of any of the content on the Sites other than as expressly permitted above, please contact editor@virusbtn.com for permission prior to any such use.
No Reliance on Information
The opinions expressed by Virus Bulletin staff on the blog site are the individual's own and do not represent or necessarily correspond to the opinions of Virus Bulletin. We will not be responsible for any direct or indirect damages or losses caused or alleged to have been caused as a result of your use or reliance on such information.
Limitation of Liability
Nothing in these Terms of Use shall exclude or limit our liability for death or personal injury arising from our negligence, fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, or any other liability which cannot be limited or excluded by law.
To the maximum extent permitted by law we provide the Sites without warranties, guarantees or representations. We assume no responsibility and shall not be liable for any loss or damage which may affect your computer equipment or other equipment/property arising out of your use of, access to or browsing of the Sites.
We will not be liable to any user of the Sites for any loss or damage, whether in contract, tort (including but not limited to negligence), breach of statutory duty, or otherwise, even if foreseeable, arising under or in connection with including (but not limited to) the following;
any use of these Sites or content found therein;
any failure or delay (including but not limited to) the use of or inability to use any component of the Sites and any errors or interruptions of the Sites;
the performance or non-performance by Virus Bulletin;
unsuitability, unreliability or inaccuracy of the Sites;
inadequacy of the Sites to meet your requirements;
incompatibility of the Sites with any of your equipment, software or telecommunications links;
the provision of or failure to provide services;
any information, products, services and related graphics obtained through the Sites.
In addition to the above exclusions, if you are a business user, please note that in particular, we will not be liable for any indirect losses however so arising. If you are a consumer user, note that we only provide the Sites to you for your domestic and private use. You agree not to use the Sites for any commercial or business purposes, and acknowledge that we have no liability to you for any loss of profit, loss of business, business interruption or loss of business opportunity.
Different limitations and exclusions of liability shall apply arising out of the supply of any product or services purchased by you, which will be set out in the terms and conditions applicable to the particular purchase.
Uploading Content to the Sites and Use of the Blog
Whenever you make use of a feature that allows you to upload content to the Sites, or to make contact with other users of the Sites you agree that your use and the content you upload shall not:
breach any applicable local, national or international law or regulation;
be unlawful or fraudulent, or have any unlawful or fraudulent purpose;
be for the purpose of harming or attempting to harm minors in any way;
transmit, or procure the sending of, any unsolicited or unauthorized advertising or promotional material or any other form of similar solicitation;
knowingly transmit any data, send or upload any material that contains malware or similar computer code designed to adversely affect the operation of any computer software or hardware.
disseminate any unlawful, harassing, libelous, abusive, threatening, harmful, vulgar, pornographic, obscene or otherwise objectionable material;
attempt to gain access to other computer systems;
interfere with anyone else’s enjoyment of the Sites;
interfere with or disrupt networks or websites connected to the Sites.
All content you upload to the Sites shall be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary. You retain all ownership rights in your content, but you are required to grant us (and other users of the Sites) licence to use, store and copy that content and to distribute and make it available to third parties.
We reserve the right to disclose your identity, when obliged to do so by law, to any third party who claims that any content posted or uploaded by you to the Sites constitutes a violation of their intellectual property rights or of their right to privacy.
We accept no responsibility, or liability to any third party, for the content or accuracy of any content posted by you or any other user of the Sites.
We reserve the right to remove any posting you make on the Sites if, in our sole opinion, your post does not comply with these terms of use.
You further agree:
Not to reproduce, duplicate, copy or re-sell any part of the Sites;
Not to access without authority, interfere with, damage or disrupt:
any part of the Sites;
any software used in the provision of the Sites; or
any equipment or network or software owned or used by any third party.
Warranties
You warrant that your access to and use of the Sites is and will remain in accordance with all applicable laws and regulations.
You shall hold harmless, defend and fully indemnify Virus Bulletin against any claims, proceedings, damages, costs, expenses or liabilities whatsoever arising out of or relating to your use of the Sites.
The views expressed by other users on the Sites do not represent Virus Bulletin’s views, opinions or values.
Linking to the Sites
You may link to our Sites, provided that you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it.
You must not establish a link in any such way that suggests a form of association, approval or endorsement with or by Virus Bulletin where none exists.
The Sites must not be framed on any other site.
Virus Bulletin reserve the right to withdraw linking permissions at any time and without notice.
The website in which you are linking must comply with these terms of use in all respects.
Should you wish to make use of any of the content on the Sites other than set out above, please contact editor@virusbulletin.com.
Third-Party Links and Resources on the Sites
Where our Sites contain links to other sites and resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your information only.
You acknowledge that we have no control over the content of those sites or resources.
Applicable Law
These Terms of Use, their subject matter and construction (and any non-contractual disputes or claims) are governed by the Laws of England and Wales and you agree to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales.
We reserve the right to seek injunctive, or any other equitable relief, in any courts of competent jurisdiction should we, in our sole opinion, consider this to be necessary.
Effective 01 June 2016
About Us
Information about Virus Bulletin
Advisory Board
The group of expert advisers supporting Virus Bulletin's activities
Contact Us
How to get in touch with Virus Bulletin's team
Press Information
Press information and resources from Virus Bulletin
Logos
Download Virus Bulletin logos
Privacy Policy
The privacy policy of Virus Bulletin Ltd
Terms and Conditions
The terms and conditions for using this website
Job vacancy: Security Evangelist
Be the public face of Virus Bulletin
Job vacancy: Security Evangelist
Be the public face of Virus Bulletin
About us
Contact us
Advisory board
Press information
Security events calendar
Virus Bulletin newsletter
Testing
VB100
VBSpam
VBWeb
Consultancy services
Spammers' Compendium
VB2019 (London)
VB2018 (Montreal)
VB2017 (Madrid)
VB2016 (Denver)
VB2015 (Prague)
Older conferences
©1989-2020 Virus Bulletin.        Privacy policy        Cookies        Terms and Conditions
We have placed cookies on your device in order to improve the functionality of this site, as outlined in our cookies policy. However, you may delete and block all cookies from this site and your use of the site will be unaffected. By continuing to browse this site, you are agreeing to Virus Bulletin's use of data as outlined in our privacy policy.