https://www.arcturusnetworks.com/privacypolicy
home
products
solutions
services
shop
support
about us
Arcturus
Privacy Policy
Arcturus Networks recognizes privacy and security as being a concern for most individuals accessing the Internet. Whether you’re buying one of our quality products, or just browsing our site, we want to make you comfortable with our privacy practices and the security measures we take to protect your personal information. This statement discloses the privacy guidelines for Arcturus Networks’ Web site. Information submitted solely in a business capacity is not covered by these guidelines. Please read our guidelines to understand the following:
What personally identifiable information does Arcturus Networks collect?
Arcturus Networks’ use of cookies
Who is collecting the information?
How is the information used?
With whom does Arcturus Networks share this information?
What choices are available to users regarding collection, use and distribution of the information?
What security measures does Arcturus Networks use to protect information from loss, misuse or alteration?
How you can correct or change the information Arcturus Networks has collected
Issues involving your child’s privacy
By using our Web site, you consent to the collection and use of your information by Arcturus Networks as set forth in the policy currently in effect. If we decide to change our policy, such changes will be posted here on the Web site, so please check back periodically to ensure you have the most current policy.
What personally identifiable information does Arcturus Networks collect?
When a visitor places an order with us, Arcturus Networks may collect some of the following personally identifiable information: name, title, company, address, e-mail address, phone numbers, Social Security numbers, driver’s license numbers and date of birth. We do not require this information to obtain access to public information on our Web site, but do require it if you wish to place an order, receive personalized newsletters and information or set up an account for restricted software downloads or secure extranet applications.
In addition to ordering and registration, we may ask you for and collect personal information at other times, including, for example, when you enter a sweepstakes or contest or participate in a promotion or marketing campaign sponsored by Arcturus Networks or one of its business partners; when you want to find out about services offered in your area; when you complete surveys or other questionnaires; or when you send an e-mail to Arcturus Networks. Wherever Arcturus Networks collects personal information, we try to include a link to this Privacy Policy on that page.
Our Web server logs collect the domain names of visitors to our Web site. This information is aggregated to measure number of visits, average time spent on the Arcturus Networks Web site, pages viewed, etc. We use this information to measure the use of our site and to improve the content of our site.
Arcturus Networks’use of cookies
When you visit our site, our server attaches a small text file to your hard drive, a cookie. Your unique cookie tells us that it’s you whenever you re-enter our site, so we can recall where you’ve previously been on our site, and what, if anything, you have in your shopping cart. Cookies help us deliver a better Web site experience to our users.
Generally, we use cookies to:
Remind us of who you are and to access your account information (stored on our computers) in order to deliver to you a better and more personalized experience.
Determine the effectiveness of our e-commerce relationships. Arcturus Networks’ e-commerce partners and affiliate programs use cookies to identify the sites from which a user enters our site. Users linking to the site from one of our e-commerce partner or affiliate sites are given a unique cookie. This cookie identifies from which site the user linked to Arcturus Networks. This information is used to determine the effectiveness of our relationships and to administrate our affiliate programs. This information may also be used to help target advertisements based on users’ interests and behavior.
Assist Arcturus Networks in tracking what items are in your shopping cart.
Track your progress and number of entries in some of our promotions, sweepstakes and contests.
Measure traffic patterns, and which areas of the Arcturus Networks site you have visited and your visiting patterns. This information collected via a cookie is sometimes called “clickstream.” We use this information to understand how our users navigate our site and to determine common traffic patterns, including from where the user came. We use this information to make site navigation and product recommendations, and to help redesign our site in order to make your experience on our site more efficient and enjoyable. We may also use this information to better personalize the content, banner ads and promotions that you and other users will see. This helps Arcturus Networks deliver the content you want in order for you to make better purchasing decisions. For some activities, Arcturus Networks uses a third party to track user clickstreams. For more information about this third party or to opt out of the clickstream program, please see
Google Analytics.
You also have choices with respect to cookies. By modifying your browser preferences, you have the option of accepting all cookies, being notified when a cookie is set or rejecting all cookies. If you choose to reject all cookies you will be unable to use those services or engage in activities that require the placement of cookies.
Who is collecting the information?
When you are on Arcturus Networks site and are asked for personal information, you are sharing that information with Arcturus Networks, its subsidiaries and related companies. Arcturus Networks may also contract with third-party companies to perform services for Arcturus Networks on its Web site that require these companies to collect personal information (e.g., hosting a Web site sweepstakes, promotion or survey, or selling software downloads). The Arcturus Networks Web site may also contain various links to third-party Web sites. These sites may provide additional information, goods, services and/or promotions. These sites are owned and operated independently of Arcturus Networks, and have their own separate privacy and data collection practices. Any information you provide to these Web sites will be governed under the terms of their Privacy Policy, if any. Arcturus Networks has no responsibility or liability whatsoever for the independent actions or policies of these independent sites, and is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such sites.
How is my information used?
Arcturus Networks’ primary goal in collecting personal information is to facilitate development support functions such as service requests, restricted-access software downloads, and secure application activities. This information may also be used to provide you with a customized experience on our site, which includes interactive communications and other services.
The Arcturus Networks site may also contain optional surveys and questionnaires asking for information, as well as several opportunities for visitors to ask questions. We use the information you provide to help us design and build better products, to customize your shopping experience, and to provide advice and purchase recommendations. Taking part in any of these segments is always optional.
Finally, Arcturus Networks does research on our users’ demographics, interests and behavior based on the information provided to us by users when they make a purchase, during a promotion, from surveys and from our server log files. We do this to better understand and serve our users. This research is compiled and analyzed on an aggregated basis so as to prevent identification of personal information relating to any one individual. Arcturus Networks may share this aggregated data with our business partners.
With whom does Arcturus Networks share this information?
Except as outlined in this policy or on our Web site, Arcturus Networks never provides your personal information to third parties without your consent. Arcturus Networks shares the information you provide with Arcturus Networks subsidiaries and related companies.
Arcturus Networks may also share your personal information with third-party business partners so that they may provide services to Arcturus Networks that are consistent with the terms of this Privacy Policy and this Web site (e.g., database management, sending targeted e-mails, software sales, and conducting sweepstakes and other promotions on behalf of Arcturus Networks). Arcturus Networks takes great pride in utilizing only reputable business partners. Arcturus Networks may also, on occasion, provide personally identifiable information to third-party businesses as part of a specific product, service or promotion.
Arcturus Networks’ Web site may also utilize third-party vendors to provide products and services directly to Arcturus Networks consumers. Such relationships are designated with a “Provided by Company” legend or logo, or other similarly worded designation. If you desire to purchase a product or service from such third party, your personal information will be collected by the third-party company, and shared with Arcturus Networks. You may review the privacy practices of the third party either by clicking the link on the bottom of the page, or by clicking on the “Provided by Company” logo, which will take you to their Web site. Additionally, when you purchase or download software applications from Arcturus Networks or a third party, your personal information is shared with the software developer/licensor in order to register you as a licensed software user, and to permit them to provide you any required support. Although these software developers are encouraged to develop appropriate privacy policies, Arcturus Networks cannot be responsible for the privacy practices of such companies. If you are concerned about the Privacy Policy of a certain developer or software company, you may contact them directly or visit their individual Web sites.
Arcturus Networks may also disclose personal information in special cases when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be violating this site’s Terms of Use or may be violating Arcturus Networks’ or others’ rights or causing injury to or interference with Arcturus Networks’ or others’ property. Arcturus Networks may also disclose or access personal information when we believe in good faith that the law requires it.
Arcturus Networks may also disclose aggregated user statistics in order to describe our Web site to prospective business partners, advertisers, and other third parties, and for other lawful purposes.
What choices are available to users regarding collection, use and distribution of the information?
Arcturus Networks or its business partners may, from time to time, send you e-mail or direct mail regarding our products and services. If you do not want to receive such information, simply tell us when you give us your personal information, or follow the directions contained in your personal profile to remove your name from our mailing list.
On certain types of Arcturus Networks promotions, we will ask for your e-mail address in order to contact you in the event you have won a prize. When you participate in these types of promotions, you may receive promotion-related e-mail. Occasionally these promotion-related e-mail messages may include targeted advertisements. If you do not wish to receive such advertisements, you can choose not to participate in such promotions or contests.
If you ever have questions regarding an e-mail you receive from Arcturus Networks or one our business partners, or want to be removed from a mailing list, contact us via email or refer to the contact information contained at the end of this document.
What security measures does Arcturus Networks use to protect information from loss, misuse or alteration?
When you place an order or provide personal information, your transactions are encrypted for security. Encryption scrambles the information in your purchase, including your credit card number, so this information can only be viewed by Arcturus Networks.
Arcturus Networks uses Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption technology, the highest level of security on the Internet. The SSL protocol provides server authentication, data integrity and privacy on the Web. This security measure helps ensure that no impostors, eavesdroppers or vandals get your personal information. SSL not only encrypts your personal and financial information transmitted, including credit card information, but also verifies the identity of the server and that the original message arrives safely at its destination.
However, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100 percent secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, Arcturus Networks cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or from our Web site, and therefore you use our site at your own risk. Once we receive your transmission, we use our best effort to ensure its security on our systems.
As a global company, Arcturus Networks has international sites and users all over the world. When you give Arcturus Networks personal information, that information may be sent electronically to servers outside of the country where you originally entered the information. In addition, that information may be used, stored and processed outside of the country where you entered that information. Whenever Arcturus Networks handles personal information, regardless of where this occurs, it takes steps to ensure that your information is treated securely and in accordance with the relevant Terms of Use and this Privacy Policy.
How you can correct or change the information Arcturus Networks has collected?
If you would like to review, correct or change any personal information you have provided, or remove your name from our mailing list, please submit an email service request by choosing our Contact Us page.
Issues involving your child’s privacy
This site is intended for use by persons over the age of 13. Arcturus Networks does not seek to collect information about children under the age of 13. No information should be submitted to or posted on this Web site by users under 13 years of age. If a child under the age of 13 submits personal information to this Web site, we delete the information as soon as we discover it and do not use it for any other purpose. Arcturus Networks encourages parents to take an active role in their children’s use of the Internet, and to inform them of the potential dangers of providing information about themselves over the Internet.
Additional Information
Notices to you may be made via either e-mail or regular mail. Arcturus may also provide notices of changes to the Terms of Use or other matters by displaying notices or links to notices to you generally on the Site.
Disclaimer of Warranty
Questions regarding this policy should be directed to our email address. You may also contact us by mail at:
Arcturus Networks Inc.
701 Evans Ave. – Suite 300
Toronto, ON
M9C 1A3
CANADA
Tel: +1 416.621.0125
Fax: +1 416.621.0190
Date of Policy: May 28, 2007
Contact | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
© 2002 - 2020 Arcturus Networks Inc., All Rights Reserved