https://www.basistechnologies.com/privacy-policy/
ROI
Request A Demo
Privacy Statement
Basis Technologies Holdings Limited (“we“, “us“) respects your privacy. These guidelines set out how we use and protect your personal information. For individuals based in the European Economic Area (“EEA“), and Switzerland this policy also describes your EEA data protection rights, including a right to object to some of the processing that Basis Technologies carries out. For more information see ‘More information for individuals from the EEA and Switzerland‘ below.
We may collect, store and use your personal information to support and enhance our relationship with you. Please contact Basis Technologies if you have any privacy questions or concerns. We take all reasonable measures to protect the security of your personal data through the use of appropriate systems and processes.
The Information we collect about you
In order to ensure the best possible experience on our website, most appropriate communications and overall level of service we may collect and process personal data about you, for example when you interact with us and our website or purchase products or services from us. This personal data may include:
Data about you, such as your name, email address, phone number, occupation, employer, industry and location;
Data about our business relationship with you (where applicable), such as billing details, contractual information, service and support communications, reasons for your interest, and other details in relation to a possible or existing order;
Data from your device such as information related to the browser or device you use to access our website such as IP address, cookies and similar technologies;
Marketing information such as your marketing preferences, user profile and preferences, and any consents you have given.
How we use your information?
We process this personal data for the following purposes:
To fulfil a contract, or take steps linked to a contract: this is relevant where you purchase products or services from us. This includes:
verifying your identity;
communicating with you;
providing customer services including answering queries via our online advisors, and arranging provision of products or services.
As required by Basis Technologies to conduct our business and pursue our legitimate interests, in particular:
we will use your information to provide products and services you have requested, and respond to any comments or complaints you may send us;
we monitor use of our website and online services, and use your information to help us monitor, improve and protect our products, content, services and websites, both online and offline;
to allow you register on our website and request specific downloadable material;
request specific downloadable material;
we use information you provide to personalise our website, products or services for you;
we use information you provide to investigate any complaints received from you or from others, about our website or our products or services;
we will use data in connection with legal claims, compliance, regulatory and investigative purposes as necessary (including disclosure of such information in connection with legal process or litigation);
we use data of some individuals to invite them to take part in market research; and
we will use your personal data including your interaction with our website to send you direct marketing and to better identify products and services that interest you.
Where you give us consent:
where required by law to send you direct marketing in relation to our relevant products and services, or other products and services provided by us, our affiliates and carefully selected partners;
we place cookies and use similar technologies in accordance with our Cookies Section and the information provided to you when those technologies are used;
on other occasions where we ask you for consent, we will use the data for the purpose which we explain at that time.
For purposes which are required by law:
in response to requests by government or law enforcement authorities conducting an investigation.
The information you provide is only collected and processed for our legitimate business purposes and to enhance our interaction with you.
Communications with you
We may send you information about our various products and services, or other related information that may be of interest to you. Only Basis Technologies will send you these direct communications. If you do not wish to receive marketing communications please notify us by providing us with the following information: Your contact name, Company name, Full address details, telephone number, email address; and sending it to: Legal, Basis Technologies Holdings Limited, Spencer House, 23 Sheen Road, Richmond, Surrey, TW9 1BN, United Kingdom.
A link enabling you to unsubscribe from email marketing communications will be provided in all such e-mails.
Please allow up to ten days for your request to be processed.
Sharing of your information
We will share your personal information between the Basis Technologies group of companies for the purposes identified above.  A list of group companies can be found at https://www.basistechnologies.com/legal-information.
We may share your information with our agents or contractors performing services for Basis Technologies, such as our Service Providers. In particular, we use third party providers of website hosting, website maintenance, call centre operation, service and support management, customer relationship management, and marketing automation.
Basis Technologies will disclose your personal information to the extent required by applicable law, if so ordered or directed to do so by a relevant court or enforcement agency.
We may also share personal information with our customers and business partners for their own internal business purposes.
In the event that the business is sold or integrated with another business, your details will be disclosed to our advisers and any prospective purchaser’s adviser and will be passed to the new owners of the business.
Your information may be transferred within and outside of the United Kingdom, United States, Canada, Europe and Australia.
Cookies and similar technologies
We use technology to help us deliver a customised experience in our relationship with you. Our website uses the following types of cookies:
Strictly Necessary Cookies: These cookies are essential in order to enable you to move around the website and use its features, such as accessing secure areas of the website. Without these cookies, services like enabling appropriate content based on your type of device cannot be provided.
Performance Cookies: These cookies collect information about how visitors use the website, so that we can analyse traffic and understand how our visitors use our website. We may use third party service providers for this purpose who may use their own cookies. We use analytics services provided by Google to help us do this. If you do not want us to use information about your visits in this way, click here to opt-out of the Google services.
Functionality Cookies: These cookies allow our website to remember choices you make (such as your user name, or the region you are in) and provide enhanced, more personal features. These cookies can also be used to remember changes you have made to text size, fonts and other parts of web pages that you can customise. They may also be used to provide services you have asked for such as watching a video or commenting on a blog. The information these cookies collect may be anonymised and they cannot track your browsing activity on other websites.
Advertising Cookies: We use cookies to better understand you as a customer (or potential customer), tailor communications we send you, and to target advertisements depending on which pages you have been to. Our advertisements are shown via third-party vendors such as Google and Bing across the Internet. Third party vendors such as Google and Bing use cookies to serve advertisements based on someone’s past visits to our website. A visitor’s IP address will be stored in Google Remarketing for 30 days from the last date of the visit to our website. If you wish to opt-out of Google’s use of cookies, please visit Google’s Ads Settings. Alternatively, you can opt-out of a third-party vendor’s use of cookies by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page. If you would like more information on targeted advertising and how to opt out of it, please visit www.youronlinechoices.com. If you are in the EEA and Switzerland and would like to opt out of third party cookies relating to behavioural advertising, please go to www.youronlinechoices.eu. Opting out does not mean you will no longer receive online advertising. It does mean that the company or companies from which you opted out will no longer deliver ads tailored to your web preferences and usage patterns.
If you do not want to allow cookies at all, or only want to allow use of certain cookies, please refer to your browser settings or mobile device settings. The procedure for doing so varies from one browser application to another.  If you wish to reject cookies from our sites, but wish to accept those from other sites, you may be able to choose the option in your browser settings to receive a notice before a cookie is stored on your device.  Please consult the “Help” section of your browser or device for more information.
By disabling cookies, you may be prevented from accessing some features of our website or certain content or functionality may not be available.
Third Party sites
We may provide links to other third-party sites within our website and communications. Please be aware that these sites may collect personal information about you. Our privacy statement and commitment does not cover the information practices of those sites.
Changes to our Privacy Statement
We occasionally update our privacy policy. If we make any changes, we will reflect this in this privacy statement, and update the effective date at the end of this section. We advise you to check periodically for any changes we may have made.
Contact us
If you wish to contact us in relation to our privacy policies, please use the following:
Email legal@basistechnologies.com
Contact Legal, Basis Technologies Holdings Limited, Spencer House, 23 Sheen Road, Richmond, Surrey, TW9 1BN, United Kingdom.
Effective Date
This Privacy Statement is effective 22 August 2018.
MORE INFORMATION FOR INDIVIDUALS FROM THE EEA AND SWITZERLAND
Transfers of personal information outside the EEA
We may transfer some of your information outside of the EEA including to Canada and the United States.
Where information is transferred outside the EEA, including where this is to a stakeholder or vendor in a country that is not subject to an adequacy decision by the EU Commission, data is adequately protected by EU Commission approved standard contractual clauses, an appropriate Privacy Shield certification or a vendor’s Processor Binding Corporate Rules.  A copy of the relevant mechanism can be provided for your review on request to legal@basistechnologies.com
How long will you retain my personal information?
Where we process personal information for marketing purposes or with your consent, we process the information until you ask us to stop and for a short period after this (to allow us to implement your requests). We also keep a record of the fact that you have asked us not to send you direct marketing or to process your information indefinitely so that we can respect your request in future.
Where we process personal information in connection with performing a contract, we keep the personal information in line with the contractual limitation period.
Your rights
You have the right to ask us for a copy of your personal information; to correct, delete or restrict (stop any active) processing of your personal information; and to obtain the personal information you provide to us for a contract or with your consent in a structured, machine readable format, and to ask us to share (port) this information to another controller.
In addition, you can object to the processing of your personal information in some circumstances (in particular, where we do not have to process the information to meet a contractual or other legal requirement, or where we are using the personal information for direct marketing).
If you have unresolved concerns, you have the right to complain to an EU data protection authority where you live, work or where you believe a breach may have occurred.
These rights may be limited, for example if fulfilling your request would reveal personal information about another person, where they would infringe the rights of a third party (including our rights) or if you ask us to delete information which we are required by law to keep or have compelling legitimate interests in keeping. We will inform you of relevant exemptions we rely upon when responding to any request you make.
Withdrawing consent or otherwise objecting to direct marketing
Wherever we rely on your consent, you will always be able to withdraw that consent, although we may have other legal grounds for processing your personal information for other purposes, such as those set out above.  You have an absolute right to opt-out of direct marketing, or profiling we carry out for direct marketing, at any time. You can do this by following the instructions in the communication where this is an electronic message, or by contacting us using the details set out below.
How do I get in touch with Basis Technologies?
We hope that we can satisfy queries you may have about the way we process your information. If you have any concerns about how we process your information, want more information on who is considered the data controller in connection with the collection of your personal information or if you would like to opt out of direct marketing, you can get in touch via email at
legal@basistechnologies.com.
or by post to
Contact Legal, Basis Technologies Holdings Limited, Spencer House, 23 Sheen Road, Richmond, Surrey, TW9 1BN, United Kingdom.
ROI Tool
Basis Technologies provides the ROI Tool as a service to help you analyze potential cost savings when utilizing our software tools. The estimates provided by the ROI Tool are made available to help you determine whether you wish to investigate in greater detail the benefits you may gain by utilizing our software tools. The ROI Tool only provides estimates. Such estimates are not a guarantee of actual or achievable savings. Other factors may affect actual savings, and your actual savings may differ. Please carefully read all of the terms of this Disclaimer. By viewing and utilizing this ROI Tool, you acknowledge that you have read, agreed to, and understand this Disclaimer.
Basis Technologies provides the ROI Tool “AS IS”, including all faults, and hereby disclaims all warranties and conditions, either express, implied, or statutory, including but not limited to any implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title, or non-infringement.
In no event shall Basis Technologies or its officers or employees be liable for any damages, including consequential, incidental, direct, special, punitive of exemplary damages arising out of or in anyway related to the use of, or inability to use, the ROI Tool, whether based on contract, tort, negligence, strict liability or otherwise, even if advised of the possibility of such damages. This exclusion of damages shall be effective even if any remedy fails its essential purpose.
The ROI Tool is provided to you at no charge but does require you to provide certain personal and other information. Personal information provided by you is stored, managed and used by Basis in accordance with Basis Technologies personal data management policies as made available on this website. Basis Technologies has included in this Disclaimer terms that disclaim all warranties and liability for the ROI Tool. To the full extent allowed by law, you hereby release Basis Technologies, its officers and employees from any and all liability arising from or related to the ROI Tool or its use.
All title and copyrights in and to the ROI Tool are owned by Basis Technologies International Limited.
The laws of England and Wales will apply to this Disclaimer
Request a Demo
Solutions
Change & Release Automation
DevOps & Continuous Delivery
Robotic Test Automation
Products
ActiveControl
Testimony
BDEx
Resources
Webinars
Literature
Videos
DevOps Resources
Company
About
Leadership
Partners
Customers
News
Events
SAP CertifiedLinkedIn
Twitter
© 2020 Basis Technologies |
Privacy Policy