http://www.aprelium.com/privacy.html
Home
Downloads
Buy Online
Help & Support
Forum
Privacy Policy
Aprelium SARL takes data privacy very seriously and recognizes the importance of respecting and protecting your personal data.
This Privacy Policy describes the information we collect, how we use it, with whom we share it, your rights and who to contact for queries about your personal data.
What information do we collect about you?
We collect information about you when you register with us or place an order for products or services. We also collect information when you voluntarily complete customer surveys, contact us for support or inquiries, provide feedback and write a message on forums or blogs hosted on our website.
While you are using our website, we may collect information on the services you search for or view, length of visits to specific pages, and how you interacted with each page.
We may also collect information about the device you are using to access your website, such as its the type, operating system and platform, the type and version of browser, the times you access our website and the time zone setting, current device IP address, mobile network information and unique device identifier.
How will we use the information about you?
We collect information about you to process your order, manage your account and, if you agree, to email you with news related to your purchased products or services, or about other products and services we think may be of
interest to you.
We may use your information to personalise your repeat visits to our website.
If you agree, we shall pass on your personal information to subsidiaries or parent companies so that they may offer you their products and services.
In processing your order, we may send your details to, and also use information from fraud prevention agencies.
Marketing
We would like to send you information about products and services of ours which may be of interest to you. If you have consented to receive marketing, you may opt out at a later date.
You have a right at any time to stop us from contacting you for marketing purposes.
If you no longer wish to be contacted for marketing purposes, please update your customer profile.
Access to your information and correction
You have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you. If you would like a copy of some or all of your personal information, please contact us. We may make a small charge for this service. We will endeavour to respond to your request within 30 days, however at time of high demand we may need 90 days to prepare a full response.
We want to make sure that your personal information is accurate and up to date. You may ask us to correct or remove information you think is inaccurate.
Cookies
Some parts on this website may use "cookies," which are small files that the website places on your hard drive
for identification purposes. These files are used for website registration and customization the next time
you visit us.	They may also be used to track your use of our website and to compile statistical reports on our website activity.
For further information, visit www.aboutcookies.org.
Cookies cannot read data off of your hard drive. You can choose to be notified when you are receiving a cookie; refer to your web browser's documentation to know how to do so.
You can set your browser not to accept cookies and www.aboutcookies.org tells you how to remove cookies from your browser. However in a few cases, some pages may not fully function and you may not be able to access certain
areas on this website as a result (including but not restricted to the forums, the blogs, and the customer zone we host.)
Other websites
Our website contains links to other websites. This privacy policy only applies to this website so when you browse to other linked websites you should read their own privacy policies.
Changes to our privacy policy
We keep our privacy policy under regular review and we will place any updates on this web page. This privacy policy was last updated on May 17, 2018.
How to contact us
Please check our contact information if you have any question about our privacy policy or information we hold about you.
Keep in touch with us
Sign up for our low volume newsletter to get product announcements, articles and power tips.
or Follow @abyssws on Twitter
Abyss Web Server
Personal Edition X1 (Free)
Professional Edition X2
Features
Screenshots
Users/Customers
Install...
PHP
Perl
ASP.NET
"Classic" ASP
Ruby On Rails
Get Help...
FAQ
Articles
User's Guide
Email Support
Company
Contact Us
Legal Terms
Privacy Policy
About Us
Keep in Touch
News
Mailing List
@abyssws
© 2001-2020 Aprelium