http://www.in-portal.org/system/footer/privacy-policy.html
Download
Join
Login
Users Developers
Home
Open Source CMS
Mission & Vision
Rules of Conduct
Teams & Mailing Lists
Leadership Team
Web Developers' CMS of Choice
Programmers' CMS of Choice
Regional Partners
Contribute
How to Contribute
Testing & Reporting Bugs
Research & Development
Helping Others
Writing Documentation
Designing Themes & Interfaces
Translating into Languages
Promoting & Marketing
Making a Donation
Teams
Community Team
Development Team
Bugs Team
Developers Guide Team
User Manual Team
Localization Team
Design & Interfaces Team
Marketing Team
Resources Team
Tools & Resources
User Documentation
Developers Guide
Issue Tracker
Code Repository
Themes
Language Packs
Home / System / Footer / Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
1	Introduction
In-Portal is committed to protecting your privacy and it is always our first priority. The following describes our policy regarding your personal, account and contact information.
Personal information includes, but is not limited to: your name, company name, Website address, login, address, telephone number, e-mail address, contact information, or any additional pertaining information that personally identifies you, your preferences, and that is not otherwise publicly available. "You" means the visitor of our Website and/or our customer. "We", "us" and “our” means In-Portal.
“Website”, Site” means In-Portal.com or In-Portal.org websites.
We can modify this Privacy Policy at any time without prior notice to you by posting revised Terms on our site.
2	Information Shared
In-Portal is the sole owner of all information collected on the Website. If you believe that any content on our network have been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, or your property rights have been violated, please refer to the Claims of Copyright Infringement section of our Terms and Conditions Agreement.
If you are seeking permission to use In-Portal trademarks, logos, slogans, screen shots, copyrighted designs, or other features, please contact please refer to our Use of Site and Content and Affiliate Program sections of our Terms and Conditions Agreement.
In-Portal collects personal identifiable information from Users and Community Members at several different points on our Website.
The amount and type of information that we collect from you depends on your activities, the services that we provide and your use of our Website.
Below is an explanation of the type of information that we collect.
2.1	When you browse our Website
1.	IP address - We collect your IP address to keep track of our Website traffic and for security purposes when registering and purchasing our services.
2.	Browser / Operating System Type - We collect information about the browser and the OS you are using to help optimize our Website for visitors.
3.	Movement through our Website - We keep track of pages you visit to help provide you with a more personalized experience.
4.	Referral Website - If you come to our Website via a link, we collect the location of the link that referred you.
2.2	Purchases
When you make purchases through our Website:
We will collect certain personally identifiable information from you so that we may process your order.
Such information includes, but not limited to: your name, e-mail, billing address and payment information (credit card information, and expiration date) so that we may properly process your order.
You may also provide credit card and purchase order numbers by telephone if you prefer.
We use the information you provide us for billing purposes as well as to fill your orders.
If we have trouble processing an order, we will use this information to contact you.
2.3	Uses of Information
2.3.1	Purpose of Use
By registering on the Website, you agree to become an In-Portal Community Member and allow us to use the information that you provide us to identify you as a Community Member.
We may use your personal and account information to provide services that you have requested, to respond to an inquiry you have made and as otherwise described in this Policy.
2.3.2	Access to Personal and Account Information
We do not sell or share your personal and contact information with vendors, marketers or any third parties outside of regular use of such information as described in this Privacy Policy and our Terms and Conditions Agreement.
We restrict access to your information only to employees servicing the websites and designated selected Community Members. These employees and members need access to relevant information in order to provide you with services that include: customer support, technical support, etc.
2.3.3	Special Offers and Updates
We may occasionally send you promotional notices.
This includes news, service information and special deals. You can sign up to receive these emails from us at My Account section of our Website.
Out of respect for your privacy, we present the option not to receive these types of communications.
Please see the "Choice and Opt-out."
If you become our customer, we may send you updates on important information about our company, promotions and services.
2.3.4	Newsletters
By registering with the Website you agree for us to use your name and email address to send out periodical Community and/or Software newsletters to you.
Out of respect for your privacy, we provide you a way to unsubscribe.
Please see the "Choice and Opt-out" section.
2.3.5	Service-related Announcements
We will send you strictly service-related announcements on rare occasions when it is necessary to do so.
For instance, if there is an important security update for the Software, we may send you an email.
Generally, you may not opt-out of these communications, which are not promotional in nature.
If you do not wish to receive them, you have the option to deactivate your account. You may opt-out of these communications.
Please see "Choice and Opt-out."
2.3.6	Choice/Opt-out
You may opt out of future communications by following the instructions in an e-mail communication or by logging into the Preferences section of My Account and changing your preferences.
We provide you the opportunity to 'opt-out' of having your personally identifiable information used for certain purposes, when we ask for this information.
If you no longer wish to receive our newsletter and promotional communications, you may opt-out of receiving them by following the instructions included in each newsletter or communication or by logging into the Preferences section of My Account and changing your preferences.
You may also send your request to:
In-Portal
333 E. Highway 83, Suite 201
Mundelein, IL 60030
2.4	Information Storage
We store information that we collect through cookies, log files, and clear gifs, in order to create a "profile" of your preferences.
We do not tie your personally identifiable information, or your purchasing history, to information in the profile, in order to provide tailored promotions and marketing offers and to improve the content of the site for you.
2.4.1	Log Files
As is true of most Website, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files.
This information includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and click stream data.
We use this information, which does not identify individual users, to analyze trends, to administer the site, to track users' movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole.
We do link this automatically-collected data to personally identifiable information when purchasing through the site, for security purposes only.
2.4.2	Cookies
A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user's computer for record-keeping purposes. We do use cookies on this site and may link the information we store in cookies to any personally identifiable information you submit while on our site.
We use both session ID cookies and persistent cookies.
Session cookies make it easier for you to navigate our site but will expire when you close your browser.
A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive for an extended period of time, but you can remove them by following directions provided in your Internet browser's "help" file.
We set a persistent cookie to store your passwords and/or preferences, so you don't have to enter it more than once.
These cookies also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance your experience on our site.
If you reject cookies, you may still use our site, but your ability to use some areas of our site will be limited.
Some of our business partners and clients use cookies on our site.
In-Portal has no access or control over these cookies.
This privacy statement covers the use of cookies by our network of sites and does not cover the use of cookies by any client or business partner.
2.4.3	Links to Other Sites
Our Website contains links to other sites that are not owned or controlled by In-Portal. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites.
We encourage you to be aware when you leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every Website that collects personally identifiable information.
This privacy statement applies to information collected by our Network of Website.
2.4.4	Comments / Posts on the Website
If you post any comments on our site, or use Groups or Forum, or any areas of the Website where you can chose to leave or post information, you should be aware that any personally identifiable information you submit there can be read, collected, or used by other users of the Website, and could be used to send you unsolicited messages.
We are not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to submit on our Website.
2.4.5	Access to Personally Identifiable Information
If your information changes, or if you no longer desire our service, you may correct, update, delete or deactivate such information by making the change on our member information page or by contacting your account manager.
2.5	Security
2.5.1	Protection of Personal and Account Information
The security of your personal information is important to us.
When you enter sensitive information (such as credit card number) on our registration or order forms, we encrypt that information using both 128-bit encryption technology and Secure Socket Layer's (SSL).
We use encryption and SSL in all areas where personal and account information is required.
To view our certificate information, click on the image of the closed lock or the solid key at the bottom of your browser window.
We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it.
No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however.
Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
2.5.2	Changes in this Privacy Statement
We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time, without prior notice.
If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, the homepage, and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.
You should visit our Website periodically to review any changes to this policy.
2.5.3	Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions regarding our Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact us at:
In-Portal
333 E. Highway 83, Suite 201
Mundelein, IL 60030
Contact Us:
Your Message
Teams’ Discussions
Open Source CMS
Mission & Vision
Rules of Conduct
Teams & Mailing Lists
Leadership Team
Web Developers' CMS of Choice
Programmers' CMS of Choice
Regional Partners
Contribute
How to Contribute
Testing & Reporting Bugs
Research & Development
Helping Others
Writing Documentation
Designing Themes & Interfaces
Translating into Languages
Promoting & Marketing
Making a Donation
Teams
Community Team
Development Team
Bugs Team
Developers Guide Team
User Manual Team
Localization Team
Design & Interfaces Team
Marketing Team
Resources Team
Tools & Resources
User Documentation
Developers Guide
Issue Tracker
Code Repository
Themes
Language Packs
In-Portal Team's HQ
333 East Highway 83
Suite 201
Mundelein, IL, 60060
+1 (847) 970-6190
Follow In-Portal:
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
In-Portal Jobs - Post Resume
Terms and Conditions of Use |  		Sale and Service Agreement |  		Privacy Policy
Website Development by Intechnic   |   © 1997-2013, In-Portal Non-profit Organization. All Rights Reserved