https://www.oraces.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Advantage Data Usage and Privacy Policy
Policy brief & purpose
Advantage Computing & Electronic Services LLC provides customers with direct technical support meaning, that we have access to your company’s most sensitive data.  The following information is our commitment to treat that information with the utmost care and confidentiality.
With this policy, we ensure that we gather, store, and handle data fairly, transparently, and with respect towards individual rights.  We will not ever intentionally share your data with anyone outside of Advantage.
Scope
This policy refers to all parties (customers, suppliers, technicians) who provide any amount of information to us.
Who is covered under the Data Protection Policy?
Technicians and employees of our company must follow this policy. Generally, our policy refers to anyone we collaborate with or acts on our behalf and may need occasional access to data. To that end, we will always do our best to limit any third party we work with from accessing your company or customer data to the best of our ability.
Policy elements
As part of our operations, we need access into your most sensitive systems. This information includes any data that makes a person identifiable such as names, addresses, usernames and passwords, digital footprints, photographs, social security numbers, financial data, etc.
If Advantage ever needs to collect this information, we will do so in a transparent way and only with the full cooperation and knowledge of interested parties. Once this information is available to us, the following rules apply.
Our data will be:
Processed by the company within its legal and moral boundaries
Protected against any unauthorized or illegal access by internal or external parties
Destroyed as soon as it is not needed for the conclusion of the support task involved
Our data will not be:
Communicated informally
Stored for more than a specified amount of time
Transferred to organizations, states or countries that do not have adequate data protection policies
Distributed to any party other than the ones agreed upon by the data’s owner (exempting legitimate requests from law enforcement authorities)
In addition to ways of handling the data, Advantage has direct obligations towards people to whom the data belongs. Specifically, we must:
Be clear to clients when we may store their data
Inform people about how we’ll process their data
Inform people about who has access to their information
Have provisions in cases of lost, corrupted or compromised data
Actions
To exercise data protection we’re committed to:
Restrict and monitor access to sensitive data
Develop transparent data collection procedures
Train employees in online privacy and security measures
Build secure networks to protect online data from cyberattacks
Establish clear procedures for reporting privacy breaches or data misuse
Include contract clauses or communicate statements on how we handle data
Establish data protection practices (document shredding, secure locks, data encryption, frequent backups, access authorization, etc.)
Our data protection provisions will appear on our website.
Disciplinary Consequences
All principles described in this policy must be strictly followed. A breach of data protection guidelines will invoke disciplinary and possibly legal action.
Recent Posts
Password Management
Internet Providers in the Greater Corvallis Area
MSP and Remote Management
Pages
About Us
Blog
Contact
Employement
Home
IS THIS YOU
Privacy Policy
Services
Welcome to Advantage Computing & Electronic Services
Your Advantage
Scroll to top