https://www.cequens.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy | Cequens
Scale up your business communications with WhatsApp Business Solution and CEQUENS Chat. Find out how.
Contact Sales
Open Nav
Communication Platform
Communication Center
Developers
Story Hub
Company
Contact Us
Get Started
Communication Platform
Connectivity Cloud
SMS API
Expand your reach to the entire globe
Two-Way SMS API
Simplify your customers’ experience
SIP Trunking
Scale up your voice connectivity
Number Discovery API
Get real-time number insights
Engagement Cloud
Campaign Wizard
Amplify your conversion rates
Cequens Chatbot
Bring your brand to life
Whatsapp Business Solution
Engage with 2 billion customers
Verification Cloud
Verify
Validate your customers’ identities
Communication Center
Integration Platform
Integrate • Connect • Automate
TrueNorth
Higher Usage, Lower Costs
Company
About Cequens
The Story behind Cequens
Events
Follow Cequens Around the World
The NewsRoom
Cequens latest news and insights
Careers
Discover our latest job openings
Developers
Story Hub
Contact Us
CEQUENS has developed this privacy policy to address any concerns by users of how their personally identifiable information (PII) is being used online in their usage of our site. PII can include information like your name, address, email address, or credit card information. Our processing of such data will strive to comply with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), in addition to any other country-specific data protection regulations applicable to Cequens.When CEQUENS controls your data, you can rest assured that we have implemented several technical and organizational measures required by law to ensure the full protection of the personal data we process through our website. This privacy policy will summarize the data we collect, why we collect it, what we will use it for and for how long, and how we protect it while it is in our possession.What personal information does CEQUENS collect from the visitors who browse our site?When you enter our website
CEQUENS collect a series of general data and information when you use our site. This general data and information is stored in our server log files. The information collected may include the following: the browser types and versions used, the operating system used by the accessing system,the website from which an accessing system reaches our website (so-called referrers), the sub-websites, the date and time of access to the Internet site, an Internet protocol address (IP address), the Internet service provider of the accessing system, and any other similar data and information that may be used in the event of attacks on our information technology systems.
When using these general data and information, we won’t draw any conclusions about you. Rather, this information is needed to ensure that the content of our website is being delivered correctly, to optimize the content of our website. The anonymous data of the server log files are stored separately from all personal data that you provide that’s mentioned above.
When you register your information for an account or make an order
When you register your information on our website, your IP address—assigned by the Internet service provider (ISP)—date and time of the registration are stored, in addition to the information required for registration including your name, address, and credit card or other payment information. This data is not passed on to third parties unless there is a legal obligation to provide that data to a third party, whether it be a governmental agency or regulatory body.
We use this information to provide you with specific services that can only be provided to registered users. If you register your data, you are free to change or delete the data specified during the registration at any time.
When you subscribe to our mailing list
When you use our website, we give you the opportunity to subscribe to our mailing list. We will use our mailing list to provide you with the opportunity to learn about our new products and services, services, updates to our blog or website, and other promotional material. We will only add you to our mailing list if you opt-in.
During the registration for the mailing list, we also store the IP address of the computer system assigned by the Internet service provider (ISP) and used by you at the time of the registration, as well as the date and time of the registration. The collection of this data is necessary in order to understand the (possible) misuse of the e-mail address of a data subject at a later date, and it, therefore, serves to protect both you and CEQUENS from potential legal ramifications.
The personal data collected as part of a registration for the mailing list will only be used to send our mailing list. We will not transfer the personal data you provide us with to any third parties at any time. You can terminate your subscription to our mailing list at any time. For revocation of consent, a corresponding link is found in each mailing list. It is also possible to unsubscribe from our mailing list at any time by getting in touch with us through the contact information provided below.
How does CEQUENS use your information?
We may use any of the above information to personalize your experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and promotions that you would be most interested in. It will also allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests or to follow up with you after you get in touch with us through our site. If we want to use this information for any other purpose, we will make sure to get your explicit consent beforehand.
How does CEQUENS protect your information?
Our website is scanned on a regular basis for security holes and known vulnerabilities to make your visit to our site as safe as possible. Your data is encrypted and pseudonymized once it’s added to our server, and only those who require access to your information for the provision of services to you through CEQUENS will be granted access to it and are further required to keep the information they are exposed to confidential. Furthermore, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.
Rest assured, we implement a variety of security measures when a user places an order to maintain the safety of your personal information. However, for your convenience, we may store your credit card information kept for more than sixty (60) days to expedite future orders, and to automate the billing process. You may request that we move this information at any time by getting in touch with the contact email below.
Does CEQUENS use 'Cookies?'
Yes. Many Internet sites and servers use cookies. Cookies contain a so-called cookie ID. A cookie ID is a unique identifier of the cookie. It consists of a character string through which Internet pages and servers can be assigned to the specific Internet browser in which the cookie was stored. This allows visited Internet sites and servers to differentiate the individual browser of the data subject from other Internet browsers that contain other cookies. A specific Internet browser can be recognized and identified using the unique cookie ID.
For CEQUENS , cookies are used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings. Since each browser is a little different, look at your browser's Help Menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies. However, you should be aware that some features of the site may not function at full capacity if you turn cookies off.
THIRD-PARTY DISCLOSURE
CEQUENS hereby confirms that it does not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your Personally Identifiable Information unless we provide you with advance notice. This does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or serving our users, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release information when it's release is required to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property or safety.
However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
How long does CEQUENS keep your data?
The criteria used to determine the period of storage of personal data is the respective statutory retention period. After the expiration of that period, the corresponding data is routinely deleted, as long as it is no longer necessary for the fulfillment of the contract or the initiation of a contract.
We process and store your personal data only for the period necessary to achieve the purpose of storage, or as far as this is granted by the European legislator or other legislators in laws or regulations to which the controller is subject to. So, if we have your email address because we provide certain services to you, we keep that email address throughout the time we provide those services to you.
If the storage purpose is not applicable, or if a storage period prescribed by the European legislator or another competent legislator expires, the personal data are routinely blocked or erased in accordance with legal requirements.
What are your rights?
In compliance with the various data protection laws, specifically GDPR, if you are a citizen of an EU country or EEA territory, you have rights to what we can do with the data we collect from you. Your rights, and what we do in order to protect those rights when we manage your data is listed below.Right of confirmation
You have the right granted by the European legislator to obtain from us the confirmation as to whether or not personal data concerning you is being processed. You can contact us at any time to claim this right.
Right of access
You have the right to request the information that is currently being processed by us. You can also ask us for the purposes of the processing, the categories of personal data concerned; the recipients or categories of recipients to whom the personal data have been or will be disclosed, in particular recipients in third countries or international organizations; where possible, the envisaged period for which the personal data will be stored, or, if not possible, the criteria used to determine that period; the existence of the right to request from the controller rectification or erasure of personal data, or restriction of processing of personal data concerning the data subject, or to object to such processing; the existence of the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority; where the personal data are not collected from the data subject, any available information as to their source.
Furthermore, you have the right to know whether the personal data are transferred to a third country or an international organization. Where this is the case, you shall have the right to be informed of the appropriate safeguards relating to the transfer.
Right to rectification
You have the right to let us know when your information changes, and the information we have on file is no longer accurate. Considering the purposes of the processing, you shall have the right to have incomplete personal data completed, including using providing a supplementary statement.
Right to erasure (Right to be forgotten)
You have the right to request the erasure of personal data concerning him or her without undue delay, and the we have the obligation to erase your personal data without undue delay where one of the following grounds applies, as long as the processing is not necessary:
The personal data are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed.
The data subject withdraws consent to which the processing is based according to point (a) of Article 6(1) of the GDPR, or point (a) of Article 9(2) of the GDPR, and where there is no other legal ground for the processing.
The data subject objects to the processing pursuant to Article 21(1) of the GDPR and there are no overriding legitimate grounds for the processing, or the data subject objects to the processing pursuant to Article 21(2) of the GDPR.
The personal data have been unlawfully processed.
The personal data must be erased for compliance with a legal obligation in Union or Member State law to which the controller is subject.
The personal data have been collected in relation to the offer of information society services referred to in Article 8(1) of the GDPR.
Right of restriction of processing
You shall have the right granted by the European legislator to obtain from the controller restriction of processing where one of the following applies:
The accuracy of the personal data is contested by the data subject, for a period enabling the controller to verify the accuracy of the personal data.
The processing is unlawful, and the data subject opposes the erasure of the personal data and requests instead the restriction of their use instead.
The controller no longer needs the personal data for the purposes of the processing, but they are required by the data subject for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
The data subject has objected to processing pursuant to Article 21(1) of the GDPR pending the verification whether the legitimate grounds of the controller override those of the data subject.
Right to data portability
You shall have the right granted by the European legislator, to receive the personal data concerning you, which was provided to a controller, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. You shall have the right to transmit those data to another controller without hindrance from the controller to which the personal data have been provided, as long as the processing is based on consent pursuant to point (a) of Article 6(1) of the GDPR or point (a) of Article 9(2) of the GDPR, or on a contract pursuant to point (b) of Article 6(1) of the GDPR, and the processing is carried out by automated means, as long as the processing is not necessary for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the controller.
Furthermore, in exercising your right to data portability pursuant to Article 20(1) of the GDPR, you shall have the right to have personal data transmitted directly from one controller to another, where technically feasible and when doing so does not adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others.
Right to object
You shall have the right granted by the European legislator to object, on grounds relating to your particular situation, at any time, to processing of personal data concerning him or her, which is based on point (e) or (f) of Article 6(1) of the GDPR. This also applies to profiling based on these provisions.
We shall no longer process the personal data in the event of the objection, unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override the interests, rights and freedoms of you, or for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
If we process personal data for direct marketing purposes, you shall have the right to object at any time to processing of personal data concerning him or her for such marketing. This applies to profiling to the extent that it is related to such direct marketing. If you object to the processing for direct marketing purposes, we will no longer process the personal data for these purposes.
In addition, you have the right, on grounds relating to your particular situation, to object to processing of personal data concerning you for scientific or historical research purposes, or for statistical purposes pursuant to Article 89(1) of the GDPR, unless the processing is necessary for the performance of a task carried out for reasons of public interest.
Right to withdraw data protection consent
You shall have the right granted by the European legislator to withdraw your consent to processing of your personal data at any time.
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy or wish to exercise any of the rights afforded to you herein, you may get in touch with us.