http://www.vermont.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Our Commitment To Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy, we provide this notice to explain our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used.
The Information We Collect
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on our website. On certain pages, you can make requests and register to receive materials. The types of personally identifiable information collected on these pages include:
Name
Address
Email address
Phone number
Our Data Controller
Vermont Systems handles Personal Data solely as a Controller as defined in the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) approved on April 27th, 2016, and enacted on May 25th, 2018. This data is stored exclusively in secure hosting facilities in accordance with the requirements set forth by GDPR.
The Way We Use Information
While most of our services don’t require any form of registration, some may require you to provide us with Personal Data in order to access certain parts of the website. We use this data only to respond to enquiries and Vermont Systems do not share this data with outside parties.
We also store email addresses for the purpose of responding to enquiries. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.
You can register to receive our monthly newsletter, weekly cyber security tips, upcoming events as well as other educational material. Only information submitted to our enquiry and signup forms will be added to the relevant email list. You can unsubscribe at any time.
We collect non-personally identifiable information on our website and will not disclose anything that could be used to identify those individuals.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable data provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
Our Commitment To Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How To Access, Correct, or Delete Your Information
You can contact us to enquire about your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain. We use this procedure to better safeguard your information.
You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows error(s).
You can enquire about deleting the information that Vermont Systems has about you by contacting us.
To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access, making corrections or deletions.
If you have any questions, please contact us at:
Email: enquiries@vermont.co.uk
Phone: 023 8098 3405