https://www.kidasa.com/privacy-policy
KIDASA Software, Inc. Privacy Policy
Who we are
KIDASA Software, Inc.
Our website address is:
kidasa.com
Our physical address:
KIDASA Software, Inc.
1114 Lost Creek Blvd #300
Austin, TX 78748
USA
Our phone number:
+1 512 328 0167
Our contact email:
support@kidasa.com
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Contact forms
When visitors ask support questions on the Contact page, we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
Order forms
When visitors purchase our software, we collect their address, email address, name, and payment information. The payment information is destroyed after processing (we do not store customer credit cards on file). Customer contact information is retained
Cookies
This site uses cookies. View our Cookie Policy.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Who we share your data with
We use Constant Contact and MailMunch to store your email address if you sign up with our newsletter.
How long we retain your data
If you submit using our contact form, the information you submit and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and respond to any follow-up questions automatically. If you purchase our software, the information you submit will be retained indefinitely (except for your payment information, which is destroyed – We do not retain any credit card or other payment information).
What rights you have over your data
You can request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
We use Constant Contact and MailMunch to store your email address if you sign up with our newsletter. We do not send any other data to any other organization.
Scroll to top
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. Accept Privacy PolicyPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.