http://www.teleware.com/privacy-statement/
TeleWare Privacy Policy
This privacy policy is for this website https://www.teleware.com and is served by TeleWare Plc and governs the privacy of its users who choose to use it.
TeleWare Plc is a registered data controller with the Information Commissioner’s Office, registration reference ZA137856. TeleWare Plc complies with the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (the “GDPR”).
The policy sets out the different areas where user privacy is concerned and outlines the obligations and requirements of the users, the website and website owners. The way this website processes, stores and protects user data and information is also detailed within this policy.
The Website
TeleWare Plc takes a proactive approach to user privacy and ensures that the necessary steps are taken to protect the privacy of its users throughout their visiting experience.
The information we collect
We will need to ask our website visitors for certain personal information when contacting us to route their enquiry effectively and give them the best possible experience. We or our third parties will also collect other information about our visitors and the devices they use to access the site through the use of cookies. For more information about how we do this, please see our Cookies Policy.
The types of personal information we will ask for
When you complete a form or request information from TeleWare Plc through our chat or pop-up functions we will ask you to provide some contact information. This will include your first name, surname, job title, business email address, phone number and the company that you work for. We will use the information collected primarily to process the task for which you visited the website, but may use this data in the future for the purposes of legitimate interest to let you know about other products or services that you may find of interest. The information may be stored for up to five years and will not be passed on to any third parties. All reasonable precautions are taken to prevent unauthorised access to this information.
How to unsubscribe
You can unsubscribe from our communications at any time by sending an email with your details to marketing@teleware.com.
Email Programme
This website operates an email programme, used to inform subscribers about products and services supplied by TeleWare Plc.
Subscriptions are taken in compliance with UK Spam Laws detailed in the Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations 2003. All personal details relating to subscriptions are held securely and in accordance with the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). No personal details are passed on to third parties nor shared with companies / people outside of TeleWare Plc. You may request a copy of personal information held about you by this website’s email programme by writing to us using the postal or email address at the base of this policy.
Email marketing campaigns published by this website or its owners may contain tracking facilities within the actual email. Subscriber activity is tracked and stored in a database for future analysis and evaluation. Such tracked activity may include; the opening of emails, forwarding of emails, the clicking of links within the email content, times, dates and frequency of activity; this is not a comprehensive list. This information is used to refine future email campaigns and supply the user with more relevant content based around their activity.
In compliance with UK Spam Laws and the Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations 2003, subscribers are given the opportunity to un-subscribe at any time through an automated system. This process is detailed at the footer of each email campaign.
External Links
Although this website only looks to include quality, safe and relevant external links, users are advised adopt a policy of caution before clicking any external web links included throughout this website.
Despite the organisation’s best efforts, TeleWare Plc cannot guarantee or verify the contents of any externally linked website. Users should therefore note they click on external links at their own risk and this website and its owners cannot be held liable for any damages or implications caused by visiting any external links mentioned.
Social Media Platforms
Communication, engagement and actions taken through external social media platforms that this website and its owners participate on are custom to the terms and conditions as well as the privacy policies held with each social media platform respectively.
Users are advised to use social media platforms wisely and communicate / engage upon them with due care and caution in regard to their own privacy and personal details. This website nor its owners will ever ask for personal or sensitive information through social media platforms and encourage users wishing to discuss sensitive details to contact them through primary communication channels such as by telephone or email.
This website may use social sharing buttons which help share web content directly from web pages to the social media platform in question. Users are advised before using such social sharing buttons that they do so at their own discretion and note that the social media platform may track and save your request to share a web page respectively through your social media platform account.
Shortened links in Social Media
This website and its owners through their social media platform accounts may share web links to relevant web pages. By default, some social media platforms shorten lengthy URLs [web addresses] (this is an example: https://hubs.li/H0zdsRTg0).
Users are advised to take caution and good judgement before clicking any shortened URLs published on social media platforms by this website and its owners. Despite the best efforts to ensure only genuine URLs are published, many social media platforms are prone to spam and hacking. This website and its owners cannot therefore be held liable for any damages or implications caused by visiting any shortened links.
Analytics
Teleware Plc uses its website visitor information for reporting and analytical purposes to enable us to improve our products and services. The technologies we use to do this include the use of Google Analytics and HubSpot. Please see our Cookie Policy for further information.
Contact
You can contact TeleWare Plc using the address details below:
The Data Protection Officer
TeleWare Plc
TeleWare House
York Road
Thirsk
North Yorkshire
YO7 3BX
Tel: 01845 526830
Email: Claire.iverson@teleware.com
Cookie Policy
We use cookies to provide you with the best possible experience. By continuing to use our site, you agree to our use of cookies.
Find out more about managing your cookie settings.