http://www.jufsoft.com/about/privacy.asp
» Data Recovery Software
Home
| Products |
Downloads | Buy
Now
| Support
| About |
Site Map
Contacts
About Jufsoft
Jufsoft
About
us
Contact
Testimonials
Press
Releases
Privacy
Policy
Site
Map
Jufsoft - About - Privacy Policy
Jufsoft Privacy Policy
We respect your privacy! Any and all information collected at this
site will be kept strictly confidential and will not be sold, reused,
rented, loaned, or otherwise disclosed. Any information you give to
the Jufsoft.com will be held with the utmost care, and will not be
used in ways that you have not consented to. A more detailed explanation
about how we safeguard your personal information is described below.
If you have any questions, please don't hesitate to let us know.
NO Resale or disclosure of information to third parties:
The Jufsoft does not sell, rent, loan, trade, or lease any personal
information collected at our site, including order forms, support
e-mails or online support forms.
Online Orders
We use the personal information you supply when placing an online
order to complete and ship your order. Your email address is used
to send you an order confirmation and registration key, as well
as a kindly charge reminder for your purchase. Unlike other vendors,
NO newsletters, NO products updates, NO marketing information and
other messages will be delivered to your e-mail.
Technical Support
We use the personal information you supply when you submit a support
question to respond to your questions or requests. Your email address
is ONLY used to send a response from our technical support team
and NO other messages will be sent to your e-mail.
Browser Information
The Jufsoft.com analyzes our website logs to constantly to improve
the value of the materials available on website. Our website logs
are not personally identifiable, and we make no attempt to link
them with the individuals that actually browse the site. We might
use cookies, small pieces of data stored on the user's hard drive,
to know time and pages visitors have reached. They are not personally
identifiable and none of your personal information will be collected.
If you feel uncomfortable about this, you can switch off the acceptance
of cookies in your browser options. With cookies switched off, you
still can use all features of our web site, including the online
order form.
Data Security
We work to protect the security of your information during order
transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which
encrypts information you input.
Jufsoft is committed to keeping your personal data safe and we
take every reasonable precaution to ensure security. Access to your
personal information is restricted to the employees at Jufsoft.
Our employees are required to maintain the confidentiality of this
information, and may not use this data for any purpose other than
to complete the services required of their employment. Your personal
data is used for internal purposes only and is never sold or shared
with anyone outside of Jufsoft, unless we disclose information in
response to a law enforcement request.
©Copyright
Jufsoft, 1996-2019. All Rights Reserved.
Privacy
Policy