http://www.kyanmedia.com/privacy-policy
We're Hiring
Introduction
Kyanmedia Ltd. (Kyan) takes the confidentiality of personal data seriously. Please contact us on hello@kyan.com if you have any questions or comments on this privacy policy.
Kyan’s privacy policy sets out the ways it processes personal data. This privacy policy only relates to personal data collected by Kyan via the Kyan website. Any personal data collected by Kyan is used in accordance with data protection legislation.
This privacy policy does not apply to personal data provided to Kyan by any other means or via any other website. Users should be aware that if they provide personal data to other companies, the privacy policies of those companies determine the uses to which that information is put and Kyan’s privacy policy will no longer apply.
The Data Protection Act 1998 / The General Data Protection Regulation 2018
Kyan's website complies with the principles of the Data Protection Act 1998 (and any successor legislation), the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) and the Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations 2003.
Use Made of Personal Information
Personal information provided to Kyan via the Kyan website will be used for the purposes outlined at the time of collection. In addition, personal information may be used for statistical analysis.
Personal data will be collected and processed by Kyan for the following purposes:
to provide goods and services, including marketing, advertising and promotions, unless a user elects to opt-out of / unsubscribe from receiving such communications.
Kyan may collect and receive the following information:
Visitors to our website
Device information: Kyan may collect technical information about the device you are using the Services on, including what type of device it is, what operating system you are using, device settings, application IDs, unique device identifiers, and crash data. Whether Kyan collects some or all of this information often depends on what type of device you are using and its settings.
Geo-location information: Precise GPS location from mobile devices is collected only with your permission. WiFi and IP addresses received from your browser or device may be used to determine approximate location.
Contact information: With your permission, any contact information you choose to import is collected for the purposes outlined at the time of collection.
Billing and other information: For Customers that purchase tickets to any of Kyan’s corporate events (such as WXG), our corporate affiliates and our third party payment processors may collect and store billing address and credit card information on our behalf.
Your personal details will not be made available to any third parties, other than those outlined above or at the time of data collection.
Consent
By providing personal data to Kyan users consent to the processing of such data by Kyan as described in this privacy policy.
Use of Data For Direct Marketing Purposes
At each point of data collection users are given the opportunity to opt-in to receive future direct marketing material from Kyan. Where users opt-in for such communications, Kyan may provide information on its products, membership services, events, and training and education programmes. If at any time users want Kyan to stop sending such communications they should opt-out of communications by informing Kyan by email or post at
hello@kyan.com
Kyanmedia Limited
Kyan Campus
3rd Flr, Friary Court
High Street
Guildford
GU1 3DG
Verifying, updating and amending your personal information
If, at any time, a user wants to verify, update or amend their personal data they may simply email their request to hello@kyan.com
Verification, updating or amendment of personal data takes place within 40 days of receipt of the request.
Links to Third Party Websites
This privacy policy applies solely to the personal data collected by Kyan and does not apply to third party websites users may access from this website.
Kyan is not responsible for the privacy policies of third party websites. Kyan advises users to read the privacy policies of other websites before registering any personal data.
Security
Kyan holds your personal data in accordance with the security provisions of the Data Protection legislation.
Cookies
You can read more about how Kyan uses cookies here.
Your Rights
If you have any questions about your information, our use of this information, or your rights when it comes to any of the foregoing, contact us at hello@kyan.com.
Under the Data Protection Act 1998, you have rights as an individual which you can exercise in relation to the information Kyan holds about you. You can read more about these rights here.
If you want to make a complaint about the way Kyan has processed your personal information, you can contact the ICO in their capacity as the statutory body which oversees data protection law.
Notification of Changes
Kyan will provide notification of any changes it makes to its privacy policy. If Kyan decides to change its privacy policy, it will post such changes on this page so that you are always aware of how Kyan uses your personal data.
Users have the right to ask Kyan for a copy of the personal data held about them and to request that Kyan correct any inaccuracies in that information.