http://www.digipede.net/company/privacy.html
Products
The Digipede Network
Overview
Which Edition Do I Need?
Developer Edition
Team Edition
Professional Edition
Reports Package
Failover Package
Digipede SDK
Why Easier Is Better
How It Works
Using theDigipede Network
Overview
Life Sciences
Parameter Sweeps
Enterprise Software
Web Site Applications
Case Studies
Whitepapers & Videos
Free Evaluation
Solutions
What isDistributed Computing?
Life Sciences
Financial Services
Energy
Entertainment
Government
Academic Research
Manufacturing
Support
Overview
Training
Technical Services
For Application Developers
For Users & Administrators
Community
Contact CustomerSupport
Partners
Company
About Digipede
News
Leadership
Careers
Directions
Contact Us
About Digipede
News
Leadership
Careers
Directions
Contact Us
Privacy Notice
Notice Regarding Website Privacy
Our Commitment To Privacy
The Information We Collect
How We Use Information
Our Commitment To Data Security
Our Commitment To Children's Privacy
How To Access Or Correct Your Information
How To Contact Us
Our Commitment To Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
The Information We Collect:
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the Digipede website. On some pages, you can order products, make requests, and register to receive materials. The types of personal information collected at these pages are:
Name
Address
Company
Title
Email address
Phone number
Credit/Debit Card Information
(etc.)
The Way We Use Information:
We use the information you provide about yourself when placing an order only to complete that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
We offer access to certain types of materials on our Web site to qualified, interested parties. Information you provide to us to gain access to these materials only used for that purpose, and for follow-up by Digipede staff and/or contractors; it is not disclosed to other outside parties.
We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive, to fulfill your requests, and to follow up as required in the normal course of business. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.
We use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our website.
For example, we may tell our Web designers about the average number of pages viewed by visitors to our website, but we would not disclose anything that could be used to identify those individuals.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
Our Commitment To Data Security :
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Our Commitment To Children's Privacy:
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13.
How You Can Access Or Correct Your Information:
You can access all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain by logging into your account at our Web store. We use this procedure to better safeguard your information.
You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows error.
To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
How To Contact Us:
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please send us an email at privacy [AT] digipede.net.
Products | Solutions | Support | Partners | Company | Legal | Privacy
© Copyright 2019 Digipede Technologies, LLC. All rights reserved.