http://www.realdata.com/bl/termsconditionscopyrights.shtml
Home
Terms, Conditions, Copyrights
Software Terms, Conditions and Copyrights
Agreement between User and RealData.com
This Web site is owned and operated by RealData, Inc. (hereafter "RealData"), offered to the User conditioned on acceptance by the User without modification of the terms, conditions, and notices contained herein. Use of the content, services and/or products presented in any and all areas of this site constitutes the User's agreement to abide by the following terms and conditions and those posted in specific areas of the site.
Copyright and Trademark Notices
All contents of this Web site are copyright © 1981- RealData.com Inc. or third-party content providers and are protected by international copyright law. All rights reserved. RealData and other names of RealData products referenced herein are trademarks or registered trademarks of RealData, Inc. Other trademarks and logos are the property of their respective owners.
Microsoft, Windows and Excel are either registered trademarks or trademarks of Microsoft Corporation in the United States and/or other countries. Macintosh is a registered trademark of Apple Computer, Inc., registered in the United States and other countries.
This Web site is for the User's personal, noncommercial use. If you download any material, you must keep all copyright and other notices intact. The right to use it is not transferable to any other person or entity. User is responsible for all use of User's account (under any screen name or password) and for ensuring that all use of this Web site through User's account complies fully with the provisions of this Agreement. User may not modify, copy, distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, publish, license, create derivative works from, transfer, or sell any information, or other content, software, products or services obtained from this Web site. In addition, the information may not be taken out of context or presented in an unfair, misleading or discriminatory manner.
Disclaimer
ALL MATERIALS AND SERVICES IN THIS SITE AND THIRD-PARTY SITES TO WHICH IT LINKS ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. THE CONTENT PUBLISHED ON THIS WEB SITE MAY INCLUDE INACCURACIES OR TYPOGRAPHICAL ERRORS. CHANGES ARE PERIODICALLY MADE TO THE INFORMATION HEREIN. REALDATA AND/OR ITS SUPPLIERS MAY MAKE IMPROVEMENTS AND/OR CHANGES IN THIS WEB SITE AT ANY TIME INCLUDING CHANGES TO THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS. REALDATA AND/OR ITS SUPPLIERS MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS AND, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT ALLOWED BY LAW, DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE REGARDING THE SUITABILITY OF THE INFORMATION; THE ACCURACY, RELIABILITY, COMPLETENESS OR TIMELINESS OF THE CONTENT, SERVICES, PRODUCTS, TEXT, GRAPHICS, LINKS, OR OTHER ITEMS CONTAINED WITHIN THIS SITE, OR THE RESULTS OBTAINED FROM ACCESSING AND USING THIS SITE AND/OR THE CONTENT CONTAINED HEREIN. REALDATA DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE FUNCTIONS CONTAINED IN THE MATERIALS WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, OR THAT THIS SITE, OR THE SERVER THAT MAKES IT AVAILABLE, ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. THE USER ASSUMES THE ENTIRE COST OF ALL NECESSARY MAINTENANCE, REPAIR OR CORRECTION.
Use of this site is at your own risk. This site may contain advice, opinions and statements of various information providers and content providers. RealData does not represent or endorse the accuracy or reliability of any advice, opinion, statement or other information provided by any information provider or content provider, or any user of this site or other person or entity.
Reliance upon any such opinion, advice, statement, or other information shall also be at your own risk. Neither RealData nor its affiliates, nor any of their respective agents, employees, information providers or content providers shall be liable to any User or anyone else for any inaccuracy, error, omission, interruption, timeliness, completeness, deletion, defect, failure of performance, computer virus, communication line failure, alteration of, or use of any content herein, regardless of cause, or for any damages resulting there from.
Prior to the execution of a purchase or sale of any investment, you are advised to consult with your broker or other financial advisor or other professionals as appropriate to verify pricing and other information. Neither RealData, its affiliates, information providers or content providers shall have any liability for investment decisions based upon, or the results obtained from, the information provided. Neither RealData, its affiliates, information providers or content providers guarantee or warrant the timeliness, sequence, accuracy, or completeness of any such information. Nothing contained in this Web site is intended to be, nor shall it be construed as, investment advice.
Links to Third-Parties' Web Sites
This Web site may contain links and pointers to Internet sites maintained by third parties. RealData does not operate or control in any respect any information, products or services on such third-party sites. Third-party links are included solely for the convenience of Users and do not constitute any endorsement by RealData and/or its suppliers. User assumes sole responsibility for use of third-party links and pointers and disclaimers set forth herein are equally applicable to such third-party sites.
Third-Party Content
RealData is a distributor with regard to some content supplied by third-party suppliers and Users, therefore, RealData has no more editorial control over such content than a public library, bookstore or newsstand. Any opinions, advice, statements, services, offers, or other information or content expressed or made available by third parties, including information providers and Users are those of the respective author(s) or distributor(s) and not of RealData.
Software Available on this Web Site
Software that is made available to download from this Web site ("Software") is the copyrighted work of RealData and its suppliers. Use of the Software is governed by the terms of the end-user license agreement, if any, which accompanies or is included with the Software ("License Agreement"). End users shall not install or use any Software that is accompanied by or includes a License Agreement, unless the end user first agrees to the License Agreement terms. Any such software is not available to Users in territories where its distribution is prohibited by law.
Software Activation
Activation of the software is required. Activation associates the software with a particular computer. During activation, the software will send information about the software version, serial number and the computer's IP address to the RealData server. Changes to your hardware configuration may necessitate re-activation. You may activate the software over the Internet or by telephone. You do not have the right use the software without activating it, and you may not attempt to circumvent activation.
Please see the Software License Agreement (SLA) for more information.
Refunds
Your purchase of a license to use any RealData software is final once you have downloaded and installed the software. Each license is for a single user, but that user may install it on two computers (for example a desktop and a laptop).
RealData does not provide refunds.
E-Mail
RealData respects the privacy of its readers and shall not disclose, distribute or rent its e-mail subscribers newsletter list to any third party, nor shall it permit anyone else to do so.
Modification
RealData shall have the right, at its discretion, to change, modify, add or remove terms of this agreement at any time without notice. Changes shall be effective immediately. You agree to review this agreement periodically since subsequent use by you of this site shall constitute your acceptance of any changes. RealData shall have the right at any time to change or discontinue any aspect of the web site, including, but not limited to, content, hours of availability and equipment needed for access to use. Such changes, modifications, additions or deletions shall be effective immediately upon posting and any subsequent use by you after such posting shall conclusively be deemed to be acceptance by you of such changes, modifications or deletions.
Termination
This agreement is effective until terminated by RealData, at any time without notice. In the event of termination, the disclaimers and limitations of liabilities set forth in this agreement, shall survive.
Indemnity/Limitation of Liability
Under no circumstances, including, but not limited to, negligence, shall RealData or its affiliates be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, RealData's materials. You specifically acknowledge and agree that RealData is not liable for any conduct of any User.
As a condition of use of this Web site, the User agrees to indemnify RealData and its suppliers from and against any and all liabilities, expenses (including attorneys' fees) and damages arising out of claims resulting from User's use of this Web site, including without limitation any claims alleging facts that if true would constitute a breach by User of these terms and conditions. If you are dissatisfied with any RealData material, or with any of RealData's terms and conditions, your sole and exclusive remedy is to discontinue using the RealData Web site.
General
RealData reserves the right to make any and all changes to this Web site at its sole discretion without notice to the User. RealData reserves the right to deny access to this Web site to anyone at any time.
This Agreement shall be deemed to include all other notices, policies, disclaimers, and other terms contained in this Web site; provided, however, that in the event of a conflict between such other terms and the terms of this Agreement, the terms of this Agreement shall control. This Agreement has been made in and shall be construed and enforced in accordance with Connecticut law. Any action to enforce this agreement shall be brought in the federal or state courts located in the State of Connecticut. If any provision is deemed to be unlawful or unenforceable, that shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions.
Service Contact
Contact us with questions or problems with this Web site. Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved.
Revised and posted as of: November 13, 2015
Save a Bundleof Money
Choose from one of our four software bundles and save as much as 36%!
Combine and Save!
Our Newsletter
The RealData Dispatch, our newsletter about wise investing and software updates.
Thank you for subscribing.Please check your inbox for a confirmation email.
Yes, I've read your privacy policy and would like to subscribe
"The professionals at RealData have provided me with excellent,
usable software for my appraisal work. I have gotten immediate and excellent
responses to software AND appraisal questions I have had."
Deane L. Davenport MAI CCIM SRASioux City, IA
All Testimonials »
Sign in
Email:
Password:
Sign In Forgot password?
×