http://www.iliumsoft.com/privacy
Privacy Policy
At Ilium Software, we take your privacy very seriously.
When you buy any of our products directly from our website or over the phone, we collect only enough information to allow us to charge your credit card and to deliver your programs to you. We keep this information so that we can provide you with technical support and product upgrades.
If you buy any of our products, sign up for our mailing list, or provide your email address (which is always optional) when downloading one of our free products, we may send occasional promotional or product upgrade emails. We keep these to a minimum, and will never sell, trade, or give away any of your information.
If you do wish to receive emails from us, remember to whitelist us to make sure that all emails from Ilium Software are sent to your Inbox.
We send emails only to people who have sent us email addresses using one of the means above. We never get email addresses from any other sources.
If you don't want to receive our mailings, please let us know. We will remove your name from our list at your request.
Cookies
We use cookies when you put an item from our site into your shopping cart. We store only the information related to the product(s) you are ordering, and this cookie is deleted when you complete your order and close your browser window. We may also use cookies to track the effectiveness of advertising. Learn more about cookies.
Analytics
We may use third-party services such as Google Analytics and Facebook to monitor and analyze the use of our website.
Spyware
We do not install any kind of spyware with any of our products.
Most programs that check for spyware and adware match signatures — that is, known, recognizable parts of a file — of known spyware programs against files on your PC or programs running on your PC. Sometimes a piece of a perfectly clean program will match a spyware signature. This happens with most virus-scanning programs too.
Please do let us know if any of our programs are triggering spyware warnings, but please believe us that we are not including any kind of spyware, adware, or malware with any of our software.