http://www.btopenzone.com/terms-and-conditions
My account
Contact us
Wi-fi hotspots
Menu
Buy hotspot access
Using BT Wi-Fi
Find a hotspot
Help & advice
My account
Contact us
Wi-fi for business
Terms & Conditions
BT Wi-Fi Acceptable Use Policy
About BT Wi-Fi
BT Wi-Fi Acceptable Use Policy
BT Wi-Fi Fair Use Policy
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Conditions for BT Wi-Fi Service
BT Wi-Fi Sponsored Access Service
BT Wi-Fi Traffic Management Policy
Conditions for BT Wi-Fi Partner Extranet
Conditions for Collateral Ordering
Conditions of Site Survey
Wi-fi Managed Events
Introduction
The BT Network is a resource from which we provide a variety of services to our customers. Our objectives for operating and managing the BT Network are to provide high quality, reliable service to our customers; respect the privacy of our customers; protect the security and integrity of our network and related systems; encourage responsible use of our network and other ISPs' networks; and comply with applicable laws. Because the BT Network is shared by many customers and other users, achievement of our objectives requires appropriate use by each customer and user. This policy is also included in BT’s terms and conditions for vouchers and subscriptions.
Policy Statement
Use of the BT Network contrary to the operational and management objectives for the BT Network is unacceptable and prohibited.
Scope
This Policy applies to all customers and to all other users of the BT Network.
Prohibited Uses
Examples of prohibited uses of the BT Network are described below. The examples are guidelines and are not intended to be exhaustive.
Illegal/Criminal Activity
The BT Network may not be used in connection with criminal or civil violations of laws, regulations, or other government requirements of any jurisdiction. Such violations include theft or infringement of copyrights, patents, trademarks, trade secrets, or other intellectual property, export control violations, fraud, forgery, pyramid or other prohibited business schemes; and theft, misappropriation, or unauthorised transmission or storage of funds, credit card information, personal information, or online services.
Security Violations
The BT Network may not be used to violate the security of a network, service or other system. Examples of security include hacking, cracking into, monitoring, or using systems without authorisation; scanning ports; conducting denial of service attacks; distributing viruses or other harmful software; smurf attacks; and unauthorised alteration or destruction of websites or other information.
Threats
The BT Network may not be used to transmit or store material of a threatening nature, including threats of death or physical harm, harassment, libel, and defamation.
Offensive materials
The BT Network may not be used to transmit or store material of an offensive nature, including obscene, pornographic, indecent, abusive and harmful materials, or to transmit to recipients material which is inappropriate for them, including obscene or offensive materials to children.
Spam
The BT Network may not be used to spam. Spam includes any of the following activities:
sending any unsolicited email that could be expected, in our judgement, to provoke complaints.
sending email that does not accurately identify the sender, the sender's return address, and the email address of origin.
sending unsolicited email without identifying in the email a clear and easy means to be excluded from receiving additional email from the originator of the email.
collecting the responses of unsolicited email.
sending email with charity requests, petitions for signatures, or any chain mail related materials.
transmitting email by or on behalf of a user of the Service which uses a BT mailbox for responses, or which promotes the content hosted or transmitted using BT facilities, or which states or implies in any way that BT was involved in the transmission of such email or content.
posting a single message or messages similar in content to more than five online forums or newsgroups.
posting messages to an online forum or newsgroup that violate the rules of the forum or newsgroup.
Security System
The BT Network may not be used, directly or indirectly, with systems that are not configured and maintained in a manner which prevents their use by others in violation of this Policy. Examples include improperly securing a server so that it may be used by others to conduct a denial of service attack, improperly securing a mail server so that it may be used by others to distribute spam, and improperly securing an FTP server so that it may be used by others to illegally distribute licensed software.
Other
The BT Network may not be used in a manner that damages BT's reputation or goodwill; violates another ISP's acceptable use policy and/or terms of service; or interferes with another's use of the BT network or a BT service.
Resale
The resale of the Service is not permitted, unless expressly permitted in a written agreement signed by BT.
Attempts
The BT Network may not be used to attempt an activity prohibited by this Policy - whether or not successful.
Indirect Use
A violation of this Policy by a person having only indirect access to the BT Network through a customer or other user will be considered a violation by the customer or other user, whether or not with the knowledge or consent of the customer or other user. As an example, resellers are responsible for the actions of customers to whom they directly and indirectly provide services using the BT Network. We will address and attempt to resolve complaints about the actions of customers of a reseller without the reseller.
Responses to Violations
To achieve the objectives of this Policy, we will determine, in our discretion, whether a use of the BT Network violates this Policy. While it is not our intent to monitor, control, or censor communications on the BT Network, when we become aware of a violation of this Policy, we may take such action as we deem appropriate to address the violation as described below.
Violations of this Policy may result in a demand for immediate removal of offending material, immediate temporary or permanent filtering, blocked access, suspension or termination of service, or other response appropriate to the violation, as we determine in our discretion.
When feasible, it is our preference to give notice so that violations may be addressed voluntarily; however we reserve the right to act without notice when necessary, as we determine in our discretion. To the extent doing so does not interfere with our ability to achieve the objectives of this Policy (as we determine in our discretion), we will attempt to limit any filtering, suspension, termination, or other response to the addresses, locations, users, or services with respect to which the violation occurs. We will not have any liability for the actions we take in response to violations of this Policy. The responses described in this Policy are not exclusive and we may take any other technical or legal action we deem appropriate.
We may cooperate with system administrators at other ISPs or other network or computing service providers to enforce this Policy or a policy of another provider. We may involve, and will cooperate with, law enforcement if criminal activity is suspected. Violators may also be subject to civil or criminal liability under applicable law.
Incident Reporting
Complaints regarding violations of this Policy should be directed to the Helpdesk. Where possible, include details that would assist us in investigating and resolving the complaint (eg. expanded headers and a copy of the offending transmission).
Contact Information
If you have questions or comments about this Policy, please contact the Helpdesk by sending an email via
btwifi.billing@bt.com
Important Customer Information
This Policy is not by itself sufficient to prevent possible harm to persons who use the BT Network as a result of violations by others. BT customers (and other users of the BT Network) are responsible for taking such steps as they deem necessary to protect the security, integrity, and availability of their networks, systems, services, and information, and to restrict access to undesired content, sites, and services. We will not be liable to BT customers or other users of the Service or the BT Network for harm that results from violations of this Policy, even when we are aware of those violations.
This Policy supplements, but does not supersede, the contracts between BT and its customers; if such a contract restricts a use of the BT Network that is not addressed in this Policy, the contract will govern with respect to such use.
A violation of this Policy by a BT customer is a material breach of the customer's Contract with BT and may result in termination or other consequences as specified in the Contract. Refunds or credits are not issued in connection with actions taken for violations of this Policy.
Revisions to this Policy
We may revise this Policy at any time, effective when posted to our public web site. Notice of revisions may also be provided via email or regular mail.
×
Become a BT customer and get free access to our wi-fi network
Free BT Wi-Fi for BT Broadband and BT Mobile customers
With BT Broadband and BT Mobile, you get free access to the UK's largest wi-fi network - that means more than 5 million BT Wi-Fi hotspots. Connect for as long as you like and save your mobile data for when you really need it.
Log in to hotspots using your BT ID. Or to get online even faster, download our BT Wi-Fi app and it'll connect you to a hotspot whenever you're in range.
View BT Broadband deals
View BT Mobile deals
×
BT Wi-Fi App
Download our BT Wi-Fi app and it'll connect you to a hotspot whenever you're in range.
Key features
connect automatically to your nearest hotspots
use the new and improved BT Wi-Fi map to find and get directions to your nearest BT Wi-Fi hotspots
use the app to avoid going over your 3G/4G data allowance
Who can use the BT Wi-Fi app?
BT Broadband customers
BT Mobile customers
BT Business Broadband customers
BT Wi-Fi 3 & 12 Month Unlimited subscription customers
BT One Phone customers
Cookies
We use cookies to do things like remember what you've added to your shopping basket, offer live chat support and show you content we think you'll be interested in. If you're happy with the use of cookies by BT and selected partners, click OK.
About cookiesOK
About cookies
Some cookies are essential - we can't provide our services without them. Other cookies can be turned off, although our website won't work as well without them. Click OK to accept cookies and continue.
Edit settingsOK
More about cookies
Functional cookies
These cookies let us do things like remember your login details and settings and provide support using live chat.
Allow functional cookies?
Yes
No
Allow all cookies
Targeting cookies
We use these cookies to do things like show you content and promotions we think you'll like while you're browsing bt.com and other sites. They also let you share pages with social media sites.
Allow targeting cookies?
Yes
No
Allow all cookies
Thanks, you're all set
You can change your cookies settings whenever you like by using the 'Cookies' link at the bottom of every page on this website.
OK