https://www.actiontec.com/wifihelp/wifibooster/guide-to-wifi-boosters/
Contact
Support
English
Chinese Traditional
Chinese Simplified
Japanese
Spanish
German
Your Complete Guide to WiFi Boosters
What is a WiFi Booster/Extender?
The term WiFi booster was a catch-all phrase for devices that extended a WiFi signal. A WiFi booster now is more accurately defined as a wireless range extender, MoCA® wired extender or a MoCA/Ethernet WiFi Wireless Network Extender.
What is a WiFi Extender?
The differences between a WiFi Booster, WiFi Extender and WiFi Repeater.
WiFi Extenders Beat WiFi Repeaters Every Time
5 Reasons You Need a WiFi Booster
How do WiFi Boosters Work?
Even with the best wireless router, there can still be areas of your home or office where the WiFi signal isn’t the best. This can be caused by thick walls, construction material in the walls and floors, or interference from appliances and other devices.
How does a WiFi booster work?What is an “Internet Autobahn” and how do I get one?
How to get Better WiFi
To get better Wi-Fi, you typically need both a faster home network connection and a more reliable one. Wi-Fi speeds vary greatly these days, which impacts how quickly you can download and upload files, or stream your favorite show. A number of factors can also affect the quality and reliability of your home network.
How to get Better WiFi
Simple tips to improve home’s Wi-Fi
Use Multiple WiFi Boosters to get nearly 1 Gbps of WiFi
What is a coax network and how does it make my WiFi better?
5 Tips on How to Boost Your WiFi Speed
Use Cases
Improve WiFi Around Home
When everyone in the house is using WiFi at once, things can slow down and get spotty. You may even have dead zones in and around your home where you get no WiFi. When streaming video, your screen might freeze or buffer for a few seconds intermittently. In these cases, you can purchase a network adapter or extender to bring the WiFi network to those places where it’s typically weak or non-existent.
Slow WiFi?…How to Improve the Home WiFi Network
How to boost Wi-Fi around your home and get 900 Mbps or better
5 Reasons You Need a WiFi Booster
What to Look for in a WiFi Booster
Improve Online Gaming
A gamer’s worst nightmare is network lag. Latency is the quality of your network, meaning how long in milliseconds it takes for data to reach back to its original destination. When playing games online, latency is critical. The lower the latency, the better the gaming experience. With high latency – boom – you’re dead while waiting for that connection to catch up with your actions.
How to Get Better Internet for your PS4 How to Improve WiFi for Your Xbox Improve Online Gaming with MoCA 5 Tips for Faster Internet Speeds for Online Gaming How to Improve WiFi Speed for Gaming How Can I Make My Internet Connection Stable for Gaming? Get a Stable Internet Connection for Gaming
Improve Video Streaming
Wi-Fi can be fraught with issues including dead spots, slow connections, or drops in the signal, which result in buffering or sluggish video streaming. When you’re watching a movie, these issues are nothing but frustrating. MoCA closes that gap and instantly boosts the performance of your home network.
Buffering or Streaming Video Problems over WiFi?
What is the difference between MoCA 1.0, 1.1, 2.0, and Bonded 2.0?
Want Better WiFi? Try Wires
WCB6200Q
802.11ac WiFi Network Extender with Bonded MoCA
Extend the range of your WiFi network to the far corners of your home with the WiFi Network Extender WCB6200Q. Using the latest bonded MoCA 2.0 standard, next-generation wireless AC, video prioritization technology, a powerful 4×4 GHz radio and better antenna design, this WiFi extender turbo-charges the existing home wireless network and delivers a better video streaming experience
Product Info
Buy Now
Purchase Actiontec products today from Amazon.
Amazon and the Amazon logo are trademarks of Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. Affiliate Link Disclosure.
REQUEST A TRIAL
CONTACT SALES
By continuing to use our website, you acknowledge the use of cookies.Cookie settings Privacy Policy XPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.  For more information see our Cookie Policy page.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Analytics
analytics
Statistic cookies help us understand how visitors interact with our websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously.
Uncategorized
uncategorized
Uncategorized cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies.
Functional
functional
These cookies are used to enhance the performance and functionality of our website but are non-essential to their use. However, without these cookies, certain functionality may become unavailable.
Advertisement
advertisement
Advertising cookies are set to display targeted promotions or advertisements based upon your interests on the sites or to manage our advertising. These cookies collect information about your activities on these and other sites to provide you targeted advertising.
Save & Accept