http://www.inforouter.com/legal
infoRouter.com Web Site Legal Statement
Home / Legal Notice
Software Licenses
All Active Innovations software, including software which may be downloaded from this site and html code generated by Active Innovations, is copyrighted material owned by Active Innovations or its suppliers which is licensed, not sold, to end users under terms of an Active Innovations License Agreement which accompanies the software product.
Trademarks
infoRouter and all other Active Innovations' product and service names and logos are either
service marks, trademarks, or registered trademarks of Active Innovations. SQL Anywhere and
Sybase are trademarks of Sybase, Inc. SQL Server, NT, IIS are trademarks of
Microsoft Corporation. Oracle and Oracle 8i is a trademark of Oracle Corporation. All other trade names, trademarks and service marks are the properties of their respective owners.
Linked Sites
For your convenience, we have included various links within the Active Innovations website that allow you to leave our site. Please be aware that we have no control over, and are not responsible for, the content of such sites, and can make no representations about any site that you may access through this one. The fact that we provide a link to another site is not an indication of any endorsement or affiliation with or between Active Innovations and the third party hosting such site.
This Web Site May Contain Errors
As a part of our effort to better serve you, we try to make lots of useful information available on this website. This website may contain technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. In addition, Active Innovations may change, update, improve or delete any of the information, programs or products contained in or described in this site at any time and without notice.
No Representations or Warranties
Except as may otherwise be agreed to in writing, we can make no representation about the
suitability of the information, products or services published on or available at this site
for any purpose. As such, except as may otherwise be agreed to in writing. ALL DOCUMENTS,
INFORMATION, PRODUCTS AND SERVICES PROVIDED ON THIS SITE ARE PROVIDED 'AS IS' WITHOUT WARRANTY OF
ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT.
In no event will Active Innovations be liable for direct, indirect, special, incidental,
or consequential damages arising out of the use of or inability to use the contents of this website even if advised of
the possibility of such damages. Some states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of implied warranties or
limitation of liability for incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you.
Feedback
If you have any questions or comments about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this website, you can contact us by sending an email to support@infoRouter.com or by
contacting us using the information provided in the about us page.
Privacy Policy
infoRouter.com Privacy Policy page.