http://www.ectaco.com/help/
ECTACO Sites:
United States
Australia
Canada
Germany
Poland
Russia
Spain
LingvoSoft UK
LingvoSoft DE
United Kingdom
GSA Contract #GS-35F-0218R
NYC Department of Education Vendor# ECT040000
US CAGE - NATO Sup. Code 097N5
Linguistic databases for 200+ languages
Search:
Advanced Search Wizard
eBook Readers
Electronic Translators
Translation Software
Learn a Language
Scan & Translate
Online Dictionaries
Contact Us
Home |
Company |
News |
Awards |
Testimonials |
Bestsellers |
Special offers |
Retail Locations |
Forum |
Partnership |
Your Account |
Cart
Contact us anytime!
Give us a call at
1-347-770-2047
or
to email.
Ectaco - Unlimited linguistic resources for all of your needs.
Over 200 languages available.
Most popular languages:
Albanian
Arabic
Bulgarian
Chinese Simpl.
Chinese Trad.
Croatian
Czech
Dutch
English
French
German
Greek
Italian
Japanese
Korean
Persian(Farsi)
Polish
Portuguese
Russian
Serbian
Spanish
Swedish
Thai
Turkish
Ectaco - Unlimited linguistic resources for all of your needs.
Over 200 languages available.
Achinese
Afrikaans
Akan
Alabama
Albanian
Arabic
Armenian
Aymara
Azeri
Balinese
Bari
Bashkir
Basque
Batak
Belarusian
Bengali
Bikol
Bosnian
Breton
Buginese
Bulgarian
Buriat
Catalan
Cebuano
Chechen
Chinese-Mandarin-Romanized
Chinese Simpl.
Chinese Trad.
Choctaw
Chorti
Chuang
Chukchi
Chuvash
Creole
Crimean
Croatian
Czech
Dakota
Danish
Dari
Dungan
Dutch
Dyerma
Efik
English
Erzya
Esperanto
Estonian
Evenki
Ewe
Fang
Faroese
Fijian
Finnish
Foochow
French
Frisian
Fulani
Gagauz
Galician
Gan
Ganda
Georgian
German
Greek
Guarani
Hainanese
Hausa
Hebrew
Hiligaynon
Hindi
Hmong
Hunanese
Hungarian
Icelandic
Igbo
Ilocano
Indonesian
Italian
Japanese
Javanese
Kalenjin
Kamba
Kaqchiquel
Kara-Kalpak
Karaim
Karen
Kashubian
Kazakh
Khakhas
Khanty
Kikuyu
Kinyarwanda
Kirgiz
Kisii
Komi
Korean
Koryak
Krymchak
Kumyk
Kurdish
Kusaal
Latin
Latvian
Lingala
Lithuanian
Lombard
Luo
Macedonian
Madurese
Makassar
Malay
Maltese
Manado
Mansi
Maori
Mapudungun
Mari
Masai
Medanese
Minangkabau
Moksha
Mongolian
Multilingual
Nanai
Navajo
Ndebele
Ninglish
Nivkh
Norwegian
Nyanja
Ojibwa
Panay
Papiamento
Persian(Farsi)
Polish
Portuguese
Provencal
Quechua
Romanian
Romansh
Runasimi
Rundi
Russian
Samoan
Sango
Sara
Scots
Sepedi
Serbian
Shona
Sichuanese
Sidamo
Silesian
Slovak
Slovenian
Somali
Sotho
Spanish
Sundanese
Swahili
Swati
Swedish
Tagalog (Filipino)
Tajik
Tatar
Teochew
Teso
Thai
Tonga
Tsonga
Tswana
Tumbuka
Turkish
Turkmen
Uighur
Ukrainian
Urdu
Uzbek
Venda
Vietnamese
Winnebago
Wolof
Xhosa
Yakut
Yao
Yiddish
Yolngu
Yucatec
Zulu
Get involved:
Try dictionaries online:
English word:
Into:
Albanian
Arabic
Armenian
Bulgarian
Chinese
Croatian
Czech
Danish
Dutch
Estonian
Finnish
French
German
Greek
Hebrew
Hindi
Hungarian
Indonesian
Italian
Japanese
Korean
Latin
Latvian
Lithuanian
Norwegian
Farsi
Polish
Portuguese
Romanian
Russian
Serbo-Croatian
Slovak
Slovenian
Spanish
Swedish
Tagalog
Thai
Turkish
Ukrainian
Vietnamese
Yiddish
MultiLanguage
-----------------------------------
All products
Electronic Dictionaries
Talking Electronic Dictionaries
ECTACO
Franklin
All
Non-talking Electronic Dictionaries
ECTACO
All
Travel Electronic Dictionaries
ECTACO
Speech-to-Speech Electronic Interpreters
ECTACO
PDA Electronic Dictionaries
eBook Readers
Language Learning
Other Items
Text Scanners
Accessories
Additional Products
Bibles
ECTACO Discount Center
Electronic dictionaries
Accessories
Translation Software
Windows Mobile
Translation Software
Complete Language Solution
Flash Cards
Phrase Books
Full Text Translation Software
Picture Dictionaries
Foreign Language Learning
Language Teacher
Software for Intermec CN3
Dictionaries for Travelers
Pocket PC Localization
Software Collections
Windows
Complete Language Solution
Dictionaries
FlashCards
PhraseBooks
Full Text Translation
Picture Dictionaries
Dictionaries Emulators
TeLL Me More products
Dictionaries for Travelers
Software Collections
Android
Dictionaries
Complete Language Solution
Travel Phrasebooks
Offline
text translators
Linguistic Games
Linguistic Crosswords
Hangman -
Vocabulary Builder
FlashCards
Software Collections
Language Teacher
Talking Idioms
Irregular Voice Verbs
Speed Reading
U-Learn
Interactive English
Foreign Language Learning
MS Smartphone
Translation Software
Dictionaries for Travelers
Symbian Software
Nokia Software
Translation Software
Foreign Language Learning
Sony Ericsson Software
Translation Software
Palm OS Software
Translation Software
Foreign Language Learning
Flash Cards
Software Collections
Software Collections
ECTACO iTRAVL
Subscribe to news
Learn about new ECTACO dictionaries and translators.Keep informed about the best discounts and gifts from the manufacturer!Subscribe for free:
E-mail address:
So that our letters do not end up in your spam folder please create a filter for the Ectaco.com domain (or add us to your whitelist).
Message format:
Text
HTML
Site news
Products news
Press releases
Help
Contact Customer Service
For immediate assistance, please look at the detailed topic descriptions below.
QQ SHOPPING
Search
Your shopping cart
Software-related issues
Checkout
Your first order
YOUR ACCOUNT
Signing in
Addresses
Shipping
Payment
OUR POLICIES
Safe shopping guarantee
Return policy
Privacy policy
Privacy and security
Warranty
GIFT CERTIFICATES
STILL NEED HELP?
PARTNERSHIP
SUPPORT
SHOPPING
Product Search
To locate the product you need, browse our catalog or search for the
items using Search Wizard.
All search functions are safe. We worked on our content to make sure
it is well presented, informative, and easy to search. Keyword search forms are located on top of
every e-store page.
Adding Items to Your Shopping Cart
For every catalogue item, there is an "Order now" button on this item product information page.
This button adds the item to your shopping cart. You can put as many items as you want in your
shopping cart. Putting something in your shopping cart does not commit you to buying it. After you
put something in your cart, you can choose to place the order immediately and use the cart top
navigation bar or continue shopping via "Continue Shopping" link to keep searching or browsing until
your cart contains all the items you want to order. You can access the contents of your Shopping Cart
at any time by clicking the Shopping Cart icon at the top of every page of our Web site.
Software-related issues
Software registration: buying software is different from buying electronic dictionaries because with software some products will be simply downloaded from our site through special secure system, in which case you will be given activation keys, and will have to register your copy to be able to use it.
Is my software compatible with the system software I am currently using? - Please look at the specifications in product view info - if you do not find the name of your device in the list, please test the demo version. If you still have questions or problems after you have downloaded your copy, please contact us at form.
I cannot locate the translator I need on your site. - Please write us about your preferences to
and we will recommend a product which will fit your needs.
I have already bought the product, but I have lost my registration keys, what should I do? Look at your account information or write to us, and we will consider your case individually - we may either send you the new keys or give you a discount.
I have already bought your product, and now I see that upgraded version is available for it. I would like to buy at discounted price. Please write us at form and we will give you a discount.
Why is my registration key not working? The registration key is a special number which is issued for your software so that you could register it and start using the full version. You do need to register your software product in order for it to have all its features activated. For detailed information please click here.
What is software ID? The software ID is the unique number assigned to each single software product - it identifies your particular copy and will be required for software registration of for technical support-related issues. For more information please click here.
How do I find software ID? To find your software ID for Palm OS, Windows Mobile Pocket PC and Windows software, click here for detailed explanation.
How do I register the evaluation copy? To register your evaluation copy, you will need to complete an online registration procedure. To follow it step-by-step please click here for detailed instructions.
Proceed to Checkout
The checkout area is secure. This is where you actually purchase the items you had put into your Shopping Cart. The Billing & Shipping Information page and all checkout pages thereafter are set in a secure mode.
Take a moment to review the items you've placed in your Shopping Cart. If you decide that you don't want to purchase a particular item right away, click the "Remove" link next to the "Amount". The item will be removed from your current "Shopping Cart" list. When you're ready to place an order for everything in the "Shopping Cart", click the "Checkout now!" button. You will be taken to the first page of the order form.
Placing Your First Order
Placing an order at
ectaco.com
is easy. There is no need to create an account before you are ready to place your first order online. You can easily place and monitor all your orders by creating and account, which will let you view the detailed order history. As an online store, we use advanced electronic commerce solutions, to keep your online shopping experiences safe and enjoyable. We use THAWTE system providing SSL (Secure Sockets Layer) for secure online transactions and VeriSign, for security and payment services.
YOUR ACCOUNT
Signing In
If you are a new customer, enter your e-mail address and password, confirm the password, and then click the "Submit" button. (Keep in mind that the e-mail address you provide here will be the only e-mail address to which we would be able send information on your subsequent orders.)
If you already have an account, enter your e-mail address and password in the form below, then click the "Submit" button.
Registering an Account
An account is needed for viewing your order status and history, for getting registration keys or downloading full versions of purchased software, for subscribing or canceling subscription to our news and press-releases. If you forgot your password and would like to recall it, we can help you get it by e-mail. All you need to do is follow this link.
Your Account and Mail Preferences
When you establish your Ectaco account, your account will automatically indicate that you want to receive news on our product releases, services and events. In addition, it will automatically indicate that you would like to be notified of our special offers and product promotions. If you do not wish to receive these materials, please choose appropriate options. To change your notification preference, simply uncheck the box next to the line that says "Send me
ectaco.com
news".
Shipping Address
It can be same as your billing address or an alternate address where you want your items delivered. Note that you must fill out all required fields on your order form. If you wish to have your order shipped to an address other than your billing address, the shipping address must be verified. Our sales representatives will contact you and confirm the time and address for your order delivery. Please note that Ectaco orders have no signature release and therefore can't be left at the address without an authorized person signing for merchandise receipt. For fraud prevention it helps to inform the credit card issuer (phone numbers located on the back of your card or on your monthly statement) that you would like to add an authorized alternative shipping address to your account. The information will remain on their file for your future orders.
Changing your Account Details
If you are a registered user, and your e-mail/address has changed, here's how to update your information. Click on "Your account" at the top of our Home page. Sign in if you haven't already done so. Scroll to the bottom of the page and select "Account settings". On "Account Settings" page, select the appropriate link (name, address or e-mail) and make the necessary changes. Click "Update profile". For security reasons, you will be asked for your password before you can change any information.
Billing Address
We must have your correct billing address to verify it with your card company. This is the address where they send your monthly statement. If any information you provide is incorrect, it will delay your order and additional processing charges may apply. We will contact you via email if there are any problems. Please understand that this is a credit card processing regulation, designed to insure online security and required by all credit card issuers.
Fill your billing address in this form. Note that you must fill all required fields. We require correct billing address information for credit card verification only. No mail will ever be sent to the billing address. The billing address protects your credit card from fraudulent use.
Select a Shipping Method
Shipping method will depend on how quickly you need your merchandise delivered to you. We will estimate shipment and delivery dates for you on the order form and in the order confirmation e-mail which you will receive after placing your order.
Select a Payment Method
The easiest and most convenient way to pay is by credit or debit card. All your credit/debit card information is securely transferred to our server. We accept American Express, MasterCard/EuroCard and Visa. If you're paying with a credit/debit card, enter the card number without spaces or dashes. If you order a handheld dictionary, no charges will be made to your account until we obtain order confirmation from you. If you're buying downloadable software, we'll debit your account and provide you with the registration key for the software download.
If you prefer a payment method other than credit card, you can check a Call salesman option when you fill in the order form, and Ectaco sales executive will contact you to discuss an alternative way of payment. All orders must be prepaid. After we receive funds, your order will be shipped to you (or, for software purchases, a registration key for software download will be sent by e-mail).
Review your Order
When you have entered all the necessary information, click "Here" button at the bottom of page. You order summary will be displayed and the order will be confirmed by an e-mail message to the address you've specified.
OUR POLICIES
Safe Shopping!
When you shop at
Ectaco.com,
your shopping is safe. We guarantee it.
Our secure server software uses state-of-the-art commercial security features. All of your personal and financial information including credit card number, name and address are protected by Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol. This protocol encrypts your information and converts it into bits of code that are securely transmitted over the Internet.
We only collect the information we need to provide the specific service that you've requested. We never share, trade or sell e-mail addresses to anyone.
Your name, address, phone number, e-mail and credit card information are necessary for getting your orders to you promptly.
You can place an order here with complete confidence. We stand behind every item we sell. For greater security of credit card transactions, no charges will be made to your account until we obtain a confirmation of the order from you.
If you are still reluctant to use your credit card on the Internet, we provide payment options without a credit card use.
You can select Call Salesman on the order form and talk/write to our sales executive and agree on the payment option that suits you best.
Please note that payment remittance to the bank typically delays your order by several days, since we neither ship the items nor provide access to our downloadable software until your funds clear.
Finally, we provide a standard manufacturer's 1 year warranty on all our products.
Enjoy your shopping!
Return Policy
You can return hardware items purchased from us within 7 days from the date of receipt for exchange or refund. The goods must be returned in the original packaging and without any damage to hardware or software as the result of accident, abuse, misuse or service by any other party. Defective purchases returned for replacement will be replaced in a timely manner with no additional expenses to you.
Returns for other reasons are made at the customer's expense and we will deduct from all refunds the cost of the original shipping and handling that we normally waive when you make a purchase from us. All returned items are also subject to a restocking fee equal to 6.5% of the purchase price.
www.ectaco.com
is currently unable to accept returns of merchandise without its original packaging and accessories or items for return postmarked by the sender any later than 7 days after the date of the original delivery.
A Return Merchandise Authorization (RMA) number must be obtained from Ectaco Inc. prior to the return of any merchandise. For an
RMA number please contact us at the phone number given in your order confirmation letter.
Software products are not refundable.
If you have questions, please write to us at form.
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us. We use the information you provide about yourself when placing an order only to complete your order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete your order.
During registration with our website you are given the option to receive offers, updates and news about our products and services. Information you submit on our website will not be used for this purpose unless you have agreed. To opt-out of this system, please send an email with the word 'unsubscribe' in the subject line to form or visit the 'my account' information page.
For information about our transmission and storage of your sensative financial information, please see 'Safe Shopping' here.
Should you have questions or concerns about our privacy policy, please send us an email at form.
Privacy and Security
Shopping at
www.ectaco.com
is safe. Our secure server software uses state-of-the-art commercial security measures. All of your personal and financial information is protected by Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol. This protocol encrypts your information and converts it into bits of code that are securely transmitted over the Internet. The encryption ensures that your credit card number and personal information are never sent over the Internet unencrypted. Once it is encrypted, no one except the credit card authorization companies can decrypt it. Also, your personal information, such as your address, e-mail and billing information are stored in a secure server within the data center. Only those with proper authorization can view this data. We guarantee it. Per-session cookies do not extract any information from your computer and we are not tracking any demographic information regarding our customers except what they are willing to provide. To provide additional security for the credit card transactions, no charges will be made to your account until we obtain order confirmation from you.
Terms and Conditions
We have created this site for your convenience and hope you enjoy the shopping.
Please be sure to read the small print and get familiar with Terms and Conditions of this site use. For Terms and Conditions, please click here.
Warranty
Ectaco warrants to the end user that its products will be free of defects in material and craftsmanship for a period of ONE YEAR from the date of original retail purchase, as evidenced by a sales receipt. If any defect occurs, the user must return the product either to the dealer or directly to one of the Ectaco offices. Ectaco will, at its option, repair or replace the product at no charge. To see full text, please click here.
GIFT CERTIFICATES
Ectaco features electronic gift certificates. They make nice gifts, and give you freedom to choose the product you really want to purchase. Gift certificates come in variety of nominations. Make an easy online purchase - buy a gift certificate or use one to pay for your purchase.
PARTNERSHIP PROGRAMS
Make money by becoming our Partner! You can choose to put a link to Ectaco site or get our special dealer's materials.
Make money every time a customer buys something from us whenever he comes to u from your site. We have several programs designed for different dealer profiles. To get detailed information on our dealer programs, please click here.
SUPPORT
Are you having a problem with our product? In this section you can find various FAQ's, manuals, troubleshooting info. Send your question to our support service if you haven't found answers here.
Send your question to our support service if you could not find an answer here:
Please enter your e-mail here:
Enter code:
So that our letters do not end up in your spam folder please create a filter for the Ectaco.com domain (or add us to your whitelist).
Top of page |
Company |
Terms and Conditions |
Free Online-Dictionaries |
Discount Center |
Testimonials |
News |
Support |
Your Account |
Help |
Home
© Copyright 1990-2020
ECTACO, Inc. All rights reserved.
Windows translation software
Android translation software
The Largest Collection of Free Online Translation Services
Free On-line Dictionaries
Free On-line PhraseBooks