http://www.pc-technician.net/terms.aspx
HomeA+ Practice Tests
Your Test HistoryLeaderboardContact Us
Terms & Conditions
These terms and conditions ('the Terms') govern your use of pc-technician.net web site (the 'Web Site').
Users are those persons who visit the Web Site and/or access its contents and/or read or make postings on the Web Site.
Please read through the Terms. If you do not agree with the Terms, do not use this web site. If you do use the web site, your conduct indicates that you agree to be bound by the Terms. You must read these terms carefully and satisfy yourself that you understand them before using the Web Site. Once you have entered into this agreement your use of the Web Site is governed entirely by these terms and you must perform your obligations set out below as long as you continue to use the Web Site. If you do not agree to be legally bound by all the following terms please do not access and/or otherwise make use of the Web Site.
We reserve the right to change these terms from time to time and when we deem necessary. In the event of any such change or changes, the amended Terms and Conditions of Use shall be published on the Web Site. We may contact you to inform you of these changes but we are not required to do so and it is your responsibility to review the Terms and Conditions of Use regularly. You will be deemed to have accepted a variation if you continue to use the Web Site after changes in the terms have been posted and your continued use of the Web Site constitutes your acceptance of any and all changes to the terms published prior to each and every use made by you.
Copyright notices
Unless otherwise specified the copyright in the contents of all the pages in this web site are owned or licensed to pc-technician.net.
See our copyright page for more information.
Conditions of your use of this web site
Except as stated below, the contents of this web site may not be copied, reproduced, distributed, republished, downloaded, displayed, posted or transmitted in any form or by any means without the prior express written permission of pc-technician.net.
You may not distribute, display or copy any of the contents of the pages contained in this web site to third parties including, but not limited to 'caching' any material on this web site for access by third parties and 'mirroring' any material on this web site.
You may print or download to disk the contents of an individual page of this web site for the purpose of private and personal non-commercial use.
You may also permit your computer to make an electronically stored, transient copy of the content in this web site for the purpose of viewing it while connected to the Internet only.
However, you may only make one copy of any content.
Exclusion of pc-technician.net's liability
We wish to allow Users to express their honestly held opinions. However, Users' postings represent the opinions and experience of the posters and not those of pc-technician.net and we do not accept any responsibility for inaccurate information.
The Web Site is not intended to be a forum for people to publish malicious, hateful or otherwise unlawful remarks. We reserve the right, but have no obligation, to read and/or edit and/or delete any data or image or text within our control or otherwise restrict its dissemination if, in our absolute discretion, it is deemed to be unacceptable. If we consider that a posting is in breach of the Terms and Conditions of Use, we reserve the right but have no obligation to refuse to publish it on the Web Site or to amend the posting prior to publication. We may notify you if we have amended your posting but we are not obliged to do so.
You warrant that you will not use this Web Site in a manner or for any purpose that is unlawful and/or a criminal offence in England and Wales or to post or otherwise disseminate any material that is defamatory of any person or legal entity (irrespective of justification) or indecent or obscene or racist or offensive or threatening or menacing or abusive or likely to cause annoyance or anxiety to others.
Furthermore, if you access the Web Site from any other legal jurisdiction, you are responsible for complying with the laws of that jurisdiction and you warrant that your use will comply with those laws and agree to indemnify us in respect of any liability (whether criminal or civil) arising from your use in that jurisdiction.
While we will take appropriate action if notified of the inaccuracy of data which is supplied on or through the Web Site, any such data (including personal information) may include inaccuracies and errors and omissions, in respect of which we shall have no liability. In particular, you may not rely upon the truthfulness or accuracy of any statement made by a user on or through the Web Site. You are solely responsible for ascertaining or checking the truth or accuracy of all such material and you agree to accept sole responsibility for any decisions you may make in reliance upon such material. We make no representations or warranties as to the accuracy of such material and disclaim any such implied warranties.
pc-technician.net and our suppliers and agents make no representations or warranties about the reliability or suitability of any software accessible on or through the Web Site and disclaim any such implied warranties.
We will endeavour to maintain the operation of the Web Site but from time to time we may need to suspend it without notice in order to carry out maintenance and improvements and we may be prevented from operating by causes beyond our reasonable control (including, without limitation, strikes; labour disputes; acts of God; fire; flood; storm; war; riot; civil action; malicious damage; compliance with any law, governmental or regulatory order, rule, regulation or direction; any act or omission of any government or other competent authority; accident; equipment or services failure). We do not accept responsibility for any interruptions or failures in the Web Site.
We are not responsible to you or anyone else for any loss, direct, indirect, consequential, special or general damages, liability, cost, disbursement or expense incurred in connection with your use of the Web Site or any software accessible through the Web Site or any delay in accessing or inability to access the Web Site or your reliance upon any of its content.
The information contained in the material in this web site is only for information purposes. The material on this web site does not constitute advice and you should not rely on any material in this web site to make (or refrain from making) any decision or take (or refrain from taking) any action.
pc-technician.net does not make any warranty or representation as to the accuracy or fitness for purpose of any material on this web site or the reliability of the access to this web site.
In no event do we accept liability of any description, including liability for negligence (except for personal injury or death), for any damages or losses (including, without limitation, loss of business, revenue, profits, or consequential loss) whatsoever resulting from use of or inability to use this web site.
pc-technician.net makes no warranty that this web site (or web sites which are linked to this web site) is free from computer viruses or any other malicious or impairing computer program.
The pages contained in this web site may contain technical inaccuracies and typographical errors.
The information in these pages may be updated from time to time and may at times be out of date.
We accept no responsibility for keeping the information in these pages up to date or liability for any failure to do so.
Third party material and advertisements
This web site contains material submitted and created by third parties. pc-technician.net excludes all liability for any illegality arising from or error, omission or inaccuracy in such material and pc-technician.net takes no responsibility for such material.
In the event that you purchase or obtain any goods or services from a third party then your acquisition of such goods or services will be in accordance with the third party's terms and conditions and pc-technician.net will have no liability to you in respect of the same.
This web site also contains links to other web sites which are not under the control of and are not maintained by pc-technician.net.
pc-technician.net is not responsible for the content of those sites. pc-technician.net provides these links for your convenience only but does not necessarily endorse the material on these sites.
Material submitted by you
By submitting any material to pc-technician.net, you automatically grant pc-technician.net the royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, exclusive right and license to use, reproduce, modify, edit, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, perform and display such material (in whole or part) worldwide and/or to incorporate it in other works in any form, media, or technology now known or later developed for the full term of any rights that may exist in such content.
You warrant not to use the Web Site in a manner that infringes any person's copyrights or other intellectual property rights or interferes with another user's lawful use of the Web Site or infringes any person's privacy. You agree only to submit your postings for publication if you are sure that you own the copyright or that you have the permission of the owner to post the material.
You acknowledge that pc-technician.net is not obliged to publish any material submitted by you.
Data Protection and Privacy
Any details which you provide to us from which we can identify you are held and processed in accordance with our Data Protection Registration. Further details are set out in our Privacy Policy.
Validity
If any term, condition, or provision of these terms and conditions is determined to be unlawful, invalid, void, or for any reason unenforceable, the validity and enforceability of the remaining terms, conditions and provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby.
Law governing the Terms
Use of this Website and these Terms shall be subject only to the laws of England and Wales which shall exclusively govern the interpretation, application and effect of all the above permissions, exclusions, licences and conditions of use.
Jurisdiction
The Courts of England and Wales shall have exclusive jurisdiction over all claims or disputes arising in relation to, out of or in connection with this Website and its use and these Terms.
This Website is aimed at users in the United Kingdom. Where UK regulatory authorities have jurisdiction over the contents of this Website, pc-technician.net has attempted to ensure compliance with the requirements of such regulatory body.
However, some of the information in the pages contained in this Website is not to be accessed from certain jurisdictions and no representation or warranty is made as to whether the information available in this Website complies with the regulatory regime of countries other than the United Kingdom.
Entire Agreement
These terms and conditions constitute the entire agreement between the user and pc-technician.net with respect to use of the Web Site and supersedes all prior agreements between us if any.
Queries
If you have any questions or queries regarding any of the services or products featured please use the contact form.
HomeA+ Practice Tests
Your Test HistoryLeaderboardContact Us
Copyright © 2003-2020 PC Technician | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
This material is not sponsored, endorsed or affiliated with CompTIA. A+ are registered trademarks of CompTIA.
Although the authors of this site have made every effort to ensure the information on this website is correct, the authors do not assume and hereby disclaim any liability to any party for loss or damage caused by errors, omissions or misleading information.