http://www.acm.org/publications/policies/artifact-review-badging
skip to main content
Digital Library
CACM
Queue
TechNews
Career Center
Advancing Computing as a Science & Profession
Join
Volunteer
myACM
Search Input
Search Submit
Join
Volunteer
myACM
Search
About ACM
About Home
About ACM
Governance
ACM Council
Boards and Committees
Past Presidents
ACM Constitution
Bylaws
Annual Reports
History
Code of Ethics
Code of Ethics Enforcement Procedures
Stop Harassment
Report Unacceptable Behavior
ACM in the News
Media Center
Contact Us
About ACM
ACM, the world's largest educational and scientific computing society, delivers resources that advance computing as a science and a profession. ACM provides the computing field's premier Digital Library and serves its members and the computing profession with leading-edge publications, conferences, and career resources.
[Learn More about ACM...]
ACM Regional Councils
ACM: Formed at the Dawn of Computing
ACM Celebrates #BlackHistoryMonth
Membership
Membership Home
About Membership
Membership Options
Membership Benefits
Ambassadors for ACM
People of ACM
ACM People in the News
Join
Renew
Subscribe
Manage your Account / myACM
Distinguished Speakers
Contact Us
ACM Membership
ACM offers the resources, access and tools to invent the future. No one has a larger global network of professional peers. No one has more exclusive content. No one presents more forward-looking events. Or confers more prestigious awards. Or provides a more comprehensive learning center.
[Learn More about ACM Membership...]
Customer Service FAQs
Become an Ambassador for ACM
Publications
Publications Home
About Publications
Digital Library
CACM
Journals
Magazines
Books
Conference Proceedings
ICPS
SIGs Newsletters
Blue Diamond Newsletter
Applications-Oriented Content
For Authors
Master Article Templates
Open Access
Artifacts and Reproducibility
New ACM Journals
Propose New Publications
Policies
Report a Potential Violation
Publications Board
Subscribe
Advertise
Contact Us
About ACM Publications
For more than 60 years, the best and brightest minds in computing have come to ACM to meet, share ideas, publish their work and change the world. ACM's publications are among the most respected and highly cited in the field because of their longstanding focus on quality and their ability to attract pioneering thought leaders from both academia and industry.
[Learn More about ACM Publications...]
Publish with ACM
Select Application-Oriented Papers
Software and Data Artifacts in the ACM Digital Library
SIGs
Special Interest Groups Home
About SIGs
SIG Listing
Emerging Interest Groups
SIG Awards
SIG Chapters
Publications
Conferences
Join a SIG
Volunteer Resources
SIG Leaders
Contact Us
Special Interest Groups
ACM's Special Interest Groups (SIGs) represent major areas of computing, addressing the interests of technical communities that drive innovation. SIGs offer a wealth of conferences, publications and activities focused on specific computing sub-disciplines. They enable members to share expertise, discovery and best practices.
[Learn More about ACM's SIGs...]
Join an ACM SIG
Virtual Conferences: A Guide to Best Practices
Conferences
Conferences Home
About Conferences
Conference Series
Upcoming Conferences
Get Conference Proceedings
Upcoming Submission Deadlines
ACM Author Rights & Permissions
Best Paper Awards
Volunteer Resources
Contact Us
ACM and its Special Interest Groups Host More Than 170 Events Worldwide
Our conferences, workshops and symposia unite innovators like you to push computing technology forward and to continue the legacy that unites us as like-minded thinkers and makers.
[Learn More about ACM Conferences...]
Find an ACM Conference
Virtual Conferences: A Guide to Best Practices
Chapters
Chapters Home
About Chapters
Professional Chapters
Student Chapters
Meetups
Newsletter
Calendar of Local Activities
Distinguished Speakers
Annual Reports
Find a Chapter
Start a Chapter
Chapter Policies
Chapter Administrative Interface
Contact Us
About ACM Chapters
ACM’s Professional and Student chapters worldwide serve as hubs of activity for ACM members and the computing community at large. They provide seminars, lectures, learning forums and networking opportunities with peers and experts across the computing spectrum.
[Learn More about ACM Chapters...]
Chapter-in-a-Box: Everything You Need to Run and Grow Your ACM Chapter
Chapter Administrative Interface
Start an ACM Chapter
Awards
Awards Home
About Awards
Award Recipients
ACM Fellows
ACM Advanced Member Grades
ACM Awards Committee
Nominate
Award Sponsors
Establish a New Award
Contact Us
About ACM Awards
ACM recognizes excellence through its eminent awards for technical and professional achievements and contributions in computer science and information technology. It also names as Fellows and Distinguished Members those members who, in addition to professional accomplishments, have made significant contributions to ACM's mission.
More on ACM Awards
Applications Now Open for Cutler-Bell Prize for High School Students
Team from Chinese/US Institutions Receives 2020 Gordon Bell Prize
First ACM Gordon Bell Special Prize for HPC-Based COVID-19 Research Awarded
Education
Education Home
About Education
Curricula Recommendations
Affiliated Organizations
ACM Learning Center
Resources for Educators
Resources for Graduating Students
Education Board and Advisory Committee
Reports and Studies
Contact Us
Education
ACM’s educational activities, conducted primarily through our Education Board and Advisory Committee, range from the K-12 space (CSTA) and two-year programs to undergraduate, graduate, and doctoral-level education, and professional development for computing practitioners at every stage of their career...
[Learn More about Education…]
Code Reviews – From Bottleneck to Superpower
It's Time Deep Learning Learned from Software Engineering
ACM ByteCast Ep8: Jennifer Widom
Learning Center
Learning Center Home
About the Learning Center
E-Learning
Member Offers
TechTalks
ByteCast
Resources
FAQs
Practitioner Board
Professional Development Committee
About ACM Learning Center
The ACM Learning Center offers ACM members access to lifelong learning tools and resources. Our E-Learning collections offer complimentary access to more than 55,000 online books and videos from top content publishers. The ACM TechTalk series brings leading computing luminaries and visionaries to your screen. Members enjoy exclusive offers and discounts on IT industry certifications and vendor-specific training.
ACM ByteCast Episode 6: Robin Murphy
ACM ByteCast Episode 7: Swetak Patel
ACM ByteCast Ep8: Jennifer Widom
Public Policy
Public Policy Home
About ACM's Public Policy Work
Tech Policy Council
Europe Tech Policy
US Tech Policy
Policy Products
Media Releases
Contact Us
Public Policy
ACM provides independent, nonpartisan, and technology-neutral research and resources to policy leaders, stakeholders, and the public about public policy issues, drawn from the deep technical expertise of the computing community.
[Learn More about ACM's Public Policy Work...]
ACM Europe TPC Comments on UK National Data Strategy
USTPC Urges Narrower Definition of Computer Fraud and Abuse Act
Diversity & Inclusion
Diversity & Inclusion Home
About Diversity & Inclusion
Stop Harassment
Report Unacceptable Behavior
Forming Diverse Teams
Words Matter
ACM Code of Ethics
ACM-W
ACM Future of Computing Academy
Contact Us
Diversity & Inclusion
Anyone, from any background, should feel encouraged to participate and contribute to ACM. ACM is committed to creating an environment that welcomes new ideas and perspectives, and where hostility or other antisocial behaviors are not tolerated.
[Learn More about ACM's Commitment to Diversity & Inclusion...]
Words Matter
How Diverse Is Your Team?
ACM Diversity and Inclusion Council Co-chairs
Publications Home
About Publications
Digital Library
CACM
Journals
Magazines
Books
Conference Proceedings
ICPS
SIGs Newsletters
Blue Diamond Newsletter
Applications-Oriented Content
For Authors
Master Article Templates
Open Access
Artifacts and Reproducibility
New ACM Journals
Propose New Publications
Policies
Report a Potential Violation
Publications Board
Subscribe
Advertise
Contact Us
Home
Publications
Policies
Artifact Review and Badging – Version 1.0 (not current)
Artifact Review and Badging – Version 1.0 (not current)
Revised August 24, 2020 - version 1.0
(see: current version of Artifact Review and Badging v1.1)
An experimental result is not fully established unless it can be independently reproduced. A variety of recent studies, primarily in the biomedical field, have revealed that an uncomfortably large number of research results found in the literature fail this test, because of sloppy experimental methods, flawed statistical analyses, or in rare cases, fraud. Publishers can promote the integrity of the research ecosystem by developing review processes that increase the likelihood that results can be independently replicated and reproduced. An extreme approach would be to require completely independent reproduction of results as part of the refereeing process. An intermediate approach is to require that artifacts associated with the work undergo a formal audit. By "artifact" we mean a digital object that was either created by the authors to be used as part of the study or generated by the experiment itself. For example, artifacts can be software systems, scripts used to run experiments, input datasets, raw data collected in the experiment, or scripts used to analyze results.
Additional benefits ensue if the research artifacts are themselves made publically available so that any interested party may audit them. This also enables replication experiments to be performed, which, because they inevitably are done under slightly different conditions, serve to verify the robustness of the original results. And perhaps more importantly, well-formed and documented artifacts allow others to build directly upon the previous work through reuse and repurposing.
A number of ACM conferences and journals have already instituted formal processes for artifact review. Here we provide terminology and standards for review processes of these types in order to promote a base level of uniformity which will enable labeling of successfully reviewed papers across ACM publications choosing to adopt such practices.
Of course, there remain many circumstances in which such enhanced review will be either infeasible or not possible. As a result, such review processes are encouraged, but remain completely optional for ACM journals and conferences, and when they are made available, it is recommended that participation by authors also be made optional. Authors who do agree to such additional review, and whose work meets established standards, will be rewarded with appropriate labeling both in the text of the article and in the metadata displayed in the ACM Digital Library. Specific labels, or badges, are proposed below.
Terminology
A variety of research communities have embraced the goal of reproducibility in experimental science. Unfortunately, the terminology in use has not been uniform. Because of this we find it necessary to define our terms. The following are inspired by the International Vocabulary for Metrology(VIM); see the Appendix for details.
Repeatability (Same team, same experimental setup)
The measurement can be obtained with stated precision by the same team using the same measurement procedure, the same measuring system, under the same operating conditions, in the same location on multiple trials. For computational experiments, this means that a researcher can reliably repeat her own computation.
Reproducibility (Different team, different experimental setup )*
The measurement can be obtained with stated precision by a different team using the same measurement procedure, the same measuring system, under the same operating conditions, in the same or a different location on multiple trials. For computational experiments, this means that an independent group can obtain the same result using the author's own artifacts.
Replicability (Different team, same experimental setup )*
The measurement can be obtained with stated precision by a different team, a different measuring system, in a different location on multiple trials. For computational experiments, this means that an independent group can obtain the same result using artifacts which they develop completely independently.
The concepts of repeatability and reproducibility are taken directly from the VIM. Repeatability is something we expect of any well-controlled experiment. Results that are not repeatable are rarely suitable for publication. The proposed intermediate concept of replicability stems from the unique properties of computational experiments, i.e., that the measurement procedure/system, being virtual, is more easily portable, enabling inspection and exercise by others. While reproducibility is the ultimate goal, this initiative seeks to take an intermediate step, that is, to promote practices that lead to better replicability. We fully acknowledge that simple replication of results using author-supplied artifacts is a weak form of reproducibility. Nevertheless, it is an important first step, and the auditing processes that go well beyond traditional refereeing will begin to raise the bar for experimental research in computing.
*As a result of discussions with the National Information Standards Organization (NISO), it was recommended that ACM harmonize its terminology and definitions with those used in the broader scientific research community, and ACM agreed with NISO’s recommendation to swap the terms “reproducibility” and “replication” with the existing definitions used by ACM as part of its artifact review and badging initiative. ACM took action to update all prior badging to ensure consistency.
Badging
We recommend that three separate badges related to artifact review be associated with research articles in ACM publications: Artifacts Evaluated, Artifacts Available and Results Validated. These badges are considered independent and any one, two or all three can be applied to any given paper depending on review procedures developed by the journal or conference.
Artifacts Evaluated
This badge is applied to papers whose associated artifacts have successfully completed an independent audit. Artifacts need not be made publicly available to be considered for this badge. However, they do need to be made available to reviewers. Two levels are distinguished, only one of which should be applied in any instance:
Artifacts Evaluated – Functional
The artifacts associated with the research are found to be documented, consistent, complete, exercisable, and include appropriate evidence of verification and validation.
Notes
Documented: At minimum, an inventory of artifacts is included, and sufficient description provided to enable the artifacts to be exercised.
Consistent: The artifacts are relevant to the associated paper, and contribute in some inherent way to the generation of its main results.
Complete: To the extent possible, all components relevant to the paper in question are included. (Proprietary artifacts need not be included. If they are required to exercise the package then this should be documented, along with instructions on how to obtain them. Proxies for proprietary data should be included so as to demonstrate the analysis.)
Exercisable: Included scripts and/or software used to generate the results in the associated paper can be successfully executed, and included data can be accessed and appropriately manipulated.
Artifacts Evaluated – Reusable
The artifacts associated with the paper are of a quality that significantly exceeds minimal functionality. That is, they have all the qualities of the Artifacts Evaluated – Functional level, but, in addition, they are very carefully documented and well-structured to the extent that reuse and repurposing is facilitated. In particular, norms and standards of the research community for artifacts of this type are strictly adhered to.
Artifacts Available
This badge is applied to papers in which associated artifacts have been made permanently available for retrieval.
Artifacts Available
Author-created artifacts relevant to this paper have been placed on a publically accessible archival repository. A DOI or link to this repository along with a unique identifier for the object is provided.
Notes
We do not mandate the use of specific repositories. Publisher repositories (such as the ACM Digital Library), institutional repositories, or open commercial repositories (e.g., figshare or Dryad) are acceptable. In all cases, repositories used to archive data should have a declared plan to enable permanent accessibility. Personal web pages are not acceptable for this purpose.
Artifacts do not need to have been formally evaluated in order for an article to receive this badge. In addition, they need not be complete in the sense described above. They simply need to be relevant to the study and add value beyond the text in the article. Such artifacts could be something as simple as the data from which the figures are drawn, or as complex as a complete software system under study.
Results Validated
This badge is applied to papers in which the main results of the paper have been successfully obtained by a person or team other than the author. Two levels are distinguished:
Results Reproduced
The main results of the paper have been independently obtained in a subsequent study by a person or team other than the authors, without the use of author-supplied artifacts.
Results Replicated
The main results of the paper have been obtained in a subsequent study by a person or team other than the authors, using, in part, artifacts provided by the author.
In each cases, exact replication or reproduction of results is not required, or even expected. Instead, the results must be in agreement to within a tolerance deemed acceptable for experiments of the given type. In particular, differences in the results should not change the main claims made in the paper.
It is easy to see how research articles that develop algorithms or software systems could be labeled as described above. Here, the artifacts could be implementations of algorithms or complete software systems, and replication would involve exercise of software, typically software provided by the author. However, we intend these badges to be applicable to other types of research as well. For example, artifacts associated with human-subject studies of novel human-computer interface modalities might be the collected data, as well as the scripts developed to analyze the data. "Replication" might focus on a careful inspection of the experimental protocol along with independent analysis of the collected data.
Review Procedures
The descriptions of badges provided above do not specify the details of the review process itself. For example: Should reviews occur before or after acceptance of a paper? How many reviewers should there be? Should the reviewers be anonymous, or should they be allowed to interact openly with the authors? How should artifacts be packaged for review? What specific metrics should be used to assess quality? Current grassroots efforts to evaluate artifacts and formally test replicability have answered these questions in different ways. We believe that it is still too early to establish more specific guidelines for artifact and replicability review. Indeed, there is sufficient diversity among the various communities in the computing field that this may not be desirable at all. We do believe that the broad definitions provided above provide a framework that will allow badges to have general comparability among communities.
Because there may be some variation in review procedures among ACM’s publication venues, badges included in PDFs and in ACM Digital Library metadata should be linked to a brief explanation of the particular review process which led to the awarding of the badge.
We acknowledge that the Artifacts Available and Results Validated badges described above make sense even if they result from action that occurs after publication. Editors-in-Chiefs and Conference Steering Committee Chairs (or an appropriate SIG Chair should a conference not have an extant steering committee) will have the authority to award these badges post-publication if warranted. For Results Validated, a peer-reviewed publication which reports the replication or reproduction must be submitted as evidence, and if awarded, the badge will contain a link to this paper.
Appendix
Concepts from the International Vocabulary of Metrology
The primary reference for terminology in physical measurement is
International Vocabulary of Metrology – Basic and General Concepts and Associated Terms (VIM), 3rd edition, JCGM 200:2012, http://www.bipm.org/en/publications/guides/vim.html.
The connection to experimental computer science is this: the result of an experiment can be thought of as a measurement, albeit one of a virtual object. As a result, the following VIM definitions of concepts such as repeatability and reproducibility are a propos.
Measurement repeatability: measurement precision under a set of repeatability conditions of measurement.
Measurement precision: closeness of agreement between indications or measured quantity values obtained by replicate measurements on the same or similar objects under specified conditions.
Repeatability condition of measurement: condition of measurement, out of a set of conditions that includes the same measurement procedure, same operators, same measuring system, same operating conditions and same location, and replicate measurements on the same or similar objects over a short period of time.
Measurement reproducibility: measurement precision under reproducibility conditions of measurement.
Reproducibility condition of measurement: condition of measurement, out of a set of conditions that includes different locations, operators, measuring systems, and replicate measurements on the same or similar objects
On this page
Become an ACM Distinguished Speaker!
Career Resource
Lifelong Learning
ACM offers lifelong learning resources including online books from O'Reilly, online courses from Skillsoft, TechTalks on the hottest topics in computing and IT, and more.
Why I Belong to ACM
Hear from Bryan Cantrill, vice president of engineering at Joyent, Ben Fried chief information officer at Google, and Theo Schlossnagle, OmniTI founder on why they are members of ACM.