http://www.dupageproject.com/companyinformation/privacypolicy/privacypolicy.htm
Home
Services
Clients
Projects
Hosting
Domain Registration
Company Information
History
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy Statement
This is the web site of DuPage Project Associates, Inc..
Our postal address is
1831 Sturbridge Place
Downers Grove, IL 60516
We can be reached via e-mail at info@dupageproject.com or you can
reach us by telephone at 630-964-1555
For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server
automatically recognizes only the consumer's domain name, but not the e-mail
address (where possible).
We collect only the domain name, but not the e-mail
address of visitors to our Web page, the e-mail addresses of those who
communicate with us via e-mail, information volunteered by the consumer, such
as survey information and/or site registrations.
The information we collect is used to improve the content
of our Web page, used to customize the content and/or layout of our page for
each individual visitor, .
With respect to cookies: We do not set any cookies.
If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the
future, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address.
With respect to Ad Servers: We do not partner with or
have special relationships with any ad server companies.
From time to time, we may use customer information for
new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice.  If our information practices change at some
time in the future we will post the policy changes to our Web site to notify
you of these changes and we will use for these new purposes only data collected
from the time of the policy change forward. If you are concerned about how your
information is used, you should check back at our Web site periodically.
Customers may prevent their information from being used
for purposes other than those for which it was originally collected by
e-mailing us at the above address.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated
information policy, you may contact us at the above addresses or phone number.
© 2008 DuPage Project Associates, Inc. • 630.964.1555 •
info@dupageproject.com