https://www.eg-software.com/en/privacy-policy/
privacy policyegs calcmenu EG-Software.com recognizes the importance of your privacy. Its understandable that you may be concerned with the information you provide to us and how we use it.EG-Software.com does not collect your personal identifiable information unless you provide it to us voluntarily and knowingly. This means we don’t require you to register or provide personally identifiable information to us in order to view the site. However, you must register if you wish to use certain features on our site like downloads, ordering of products, request for information, sending a feedback etc.  During registration you are required to give contact information (such as your name, address, phone numbers and email address). This information is used to provide the services that you have requested, or to contact you about the services on our site for which you have expressed interest. We may contact you from time to time with news as well as for internal marketing and promotional purposes.  Your personally identifying information may be used to keep you up to date with new or upgraded products and services in which you may find useful.  Personal data you provided will be used solely by EG-Software.com and will not be transferred to any third parties.Cookie policyuse of cookies To make this site work properly, we sometimes place small data files called cookies on your device. Most big websites do this too. What are cookies?A cookie is a small text file that a website saves on your computer or mobile device when you visit the site. It enables the website to remember your actions and preferences (such as login, language, font size and other display preferences) over a period of time, so you don’t have to keep re-entering them whenever you come back to the site or browse from one page to another. How do we use cookies? EG-Software.com uses the cookies for the following:         – To help EG-Sofware.com understand how visitors uses its website; and        – To help EG-Software.com analyse and calibrate its marketing initiativesWe also use cookies for the following:– Google Analytics (Google): this will help EG-Software.com analyse website traffic activities.  – Facebook audience (Facebook): this will help EG-Software.com understand the effectivity of its remarketing activities at its Facebook official page.– Twitter Analytics (Twitter): this will help EG-Software.com examine the impact of Twitter users when and if they access the website.-Capterra: this will help EG-Software.com determine whether traffic is also coming from Capterra via the latter’s ratings, infographics, software reviews, and business software product features.-LinkedIn: this will help EG-Software.com measure its advertising efforts and reconfigure marketing initiatives as needed. EG-Software.com will not use the cookies other than what was stated above.Users who want to opt-out of the Cookie Policy of EG-Software.com should send an email and inform us of their request at info@eg-software.com.While it is EG-Software.com’s policy to protect its user’s personal information and privacy, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you provide online and you do so at your own risk.  EG-Software.com’s policy does not apply beyond anything Internet operations. We reserve the right at our discretion to make changes to this policy at any time. Please check this page periodically for changes.  Please contact us if you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with EG-Software.com.