https://www.pawprint.net/privacy.php
searchInnovative Web Design and Application Development
home|company|services|resources|news|Login
Contact UsXDe Modular CMSForumsProject PortfolioWorldTimeVersaverter
Power Mixer:February 19th, 2014
New Domain TLDsJanuary 15th, 2014
Changed your Social passwords?January 3rd, 2014
Pravacy, Terms and Conditions
PawPrint Graphics ("PawPrint") respects the privacy of every individual who visits our sites. This Privacy Statement outlines the information PawPrint will collect and how we will use that information. This Statement will also instruct you on what to do if you do not want your personal information collected or shared when you visit PawPrint sites or respond to our advertisements.
We may modify this Privacy Statement and you should therefore periodically visit this page to be sure that you have read and agree with our most current privacy statement.
Personally Identifiable Information
PawPrint will not collect any personally identifiable information about you (that is, your name, address, telephone number, or email address) unless you provide it to us voluntarily.
When you provide personally identifiable information to us, we may ask if you want to receive future communication from us, such as newsletters, email or other information. You can choose not to receive this communication, if you wish.
If you do not want your personally identifiable information collected, please do not submit it to us. If you have already submitted this information and would like for us to remove it from our records, please Contact Us or use the tools on this web site to delete it yourself.
In addition to providing you with the service or information you request on our site, your personally identifiable information may also be used to help us track the way you use our site and our products. We may also combine the information you provide with information that we collect separately, including information you have provided to other organizations (with consent that it can be shared) as well as public information. All of this information will help us, for example, better design our products, web sites and advertisements. In order to do this, we may also share your information with companies who carry out work for us. These companies have agreed to only use your information in the way we tell them and to have procedures in place to protect the information.
If we wish to share your information with an unaffiliated company, other than as set out above, we will contact you first and give you the opportunity to prohibit us from sharing your information with that company.
Advertizing
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. These companies may use aggregated information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies please click here.
Children
PawPrint has no intention of collecting any personally identifiable information (that is, name, address, telephone number, or email address) from individuals under the age of thirteen years. Where appropriate, PawPrint will specifically instruct children not to submit such information on our sites or advertisements. If a child has provided us with personally identifiable information, a parent or guardian of that child should contact us [at the email address or phone number listed at the bottom of this Statement] if they would like this information deleted from our records.
Non-Personally Identifiable Information Collected Automatically
In some cases, we may collect information about you that is not personally identifiable. Examples of this type of information include the type of Internet Browser you are using, the type of computer operating system you are using, and the domain name and/or IP address of the site from which you linked to our site or advertisement. We use this information for the purposes of better understanding our customer´s interests and to help improve our business and sites.
Information We May Place Automatically On Your Computer´s Hard Drive
When you view one of our sites or advertisements, we may store some information on your computer. For example, this information may be in the form of a "Cookie" or similar file that will allow us to tailor a site or advertisement to better match your interests and preferences. With most Internet Browsers, you can erase Cookies from your computer hard drive, block all Cookies, or receive a warning before a Cookie is stored. Please refer to your Browser instructions or help screen to learn more about these functions. Please note that removing or blocking Cookies may interfere with your full use of our site.
Who to Contact
If you have questions or have submitted personally identifiable information through a PawPrint site or interactive advertisement, and would like that information deleted from our records, please login using our system and delete your user account or contact our customer services: privacy@pawprint.net .
This Privacy Statement is effective as of November 8th, 2010
Terms and Conditions
This World Wide Web Site (the site) is operated by PawPrint Graphics ("PawPrint").
Access to and use of this site are subject to the following Terms and Conditions and all applicable laws. By viewing this site, you agree to its terms; if you do not agree to its terms, do not view this site.
PawPrint may at any time change these terms and conditions and you should therefore periodically visit this page to review the then current terms to which you are bound.
You may browse this site for personal entertainment and information. However, please do not reproduce, copy, distribute, modify, transmit, republish or revise the contents of this site without written permission of PawPrint. Neither title nor intellectual property rights are transferred to any third party through the use or access to this site; rather, all rights, title, and interest in and to all aspects of this site remain the sole property of PawPrint or its affiliated companies.
PawPrint makes no warranties or representations about the accuracy or completeness of the content of this site or any site(s) "hot-linked" to/from this site. Any claims made on this site relate solely to the products or services sold or provided by PawPrint. Neither PawPrint nor any of its affiliates shall be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, consequential or punitive damages arising out of: (a) the ability (or inability) to access this site, (b) the use (or inability to use) any content of this site, (c) or the content of any site(s) "hot-linked" to this site. In addition, PawPrint does not warrant that this site or the server that makes it available are free of viruses or other harmful components. You (and not PawPrint) assume the entire cost of all necessary servicing, repair, or correction.
Any communication or material you post or transmit to this site over the Internet is, and will be treated as, non-confidential and non-proprietary, and shall forever be the exclusive property of PawPrint. By transmitting or posting any communication or material to this site you agree that PawPrint or any of its affiliates may use your communication and/or material for any purpose, including reproduction, transmission, publication, broadcast and posting. PawPrint is under no obligation to respond to messages posted to this site, nor need PawPrint provide any compensation for any such communication and/or material. Do not post or transmit any unlawful, threatening, libellous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, indecent or profane material, or any material that could constitute or encourage conduct that would be considered a criminal offence or violate any law or regulation.
PawPrint only purports to use names, logos or marks appearing in this site in those territories in which it or its affiliates are entitled to do so, whether by virtue of pending or registered trademarks, licenses, or otherwise. For the avoidance of doubt, PawPrint does not purport to use any name, logo or mark in any territory in which it is not so entitled, and will not supply or offer to supply products and/or services bearing any such name, logo or mark into any such territory. The use or misuse of these trademarks or any other content on this site, except as provided in these terms and conditions or in the site content, is strictly prohibited.
These Terms and Conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the applicable laws of Canada and the Province of British Columbia, without regard to conflict of laws provisions. By accessing and using this site, you consent to the jurisdiction of the courts of Vancouver, British Columbia as well as legal proceedings in those courts.
These Terms and Conditions are effective as of January 14, 2004.
Web Design
ServicesResourcesSEOF.A.Q.
Software
WorldTimeVersavertermSTAS
Company
Contact UsYour PrivacyCompany Profile
Tell your friendsCircle on Google+Follow on TwitterSubscribe
Copyright © 1992-2020 PawPrint.net
web development: PawPrint.net