https://www.triton.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Find out how smart businesses are turning COVID-19 from a challenge into an opportunity
Tell me more
HomePrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Have a Question?
Get in touch with our expert team and see how we can help with your IT project, call us on +44(0) 870 2411 550 or use our contact form…
Contact us here
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This website is owned and operated by Triton Consulting (“Triton Consulting”, “our”, “we” or “us”). Triton Consulting is the controller of all personal information collected on this website.
Triton Consulting believe strongly in protecting the privacy of all website users (“you”, “yours”) and this notice sets out how we use your personal data.
By registering on this site, you consent to the collection, use and transfer of your personal information under the terms of this privacy policy.
What data (“personal information”) do we gather from you?
We gather personal information such as first and last names, telephone number and email addresses that you provide voluntarily when you fill in appropriate sections of our website. For example when you complete our contact us section, you provide us with personal information which we hold and use for the purposes set out in the next section.
Use of your personal information
Our main aim in gathering your personal information is to provide you with a customised service.
If you fill your details in our contact us section we use your personal information in order that we can contact you and respond to any questions and needs that you may have. We use your personal information so that we can carry out your requests.
We may also use aggregate personal information and statistics for the purposes of monitoring website usage in order to help us develop the website and our services and may provide such aggregate personal information to third parties. These statistics will not include any data that can be used to identify any individual.
If, at some time in the future, we wish to use your personal data in ways other than those set out in this privacy notice, then we will notify you about this and seek your permission to do so.
Sharing of personal information
We may share personal information within the Triton Consulting family (“Triton Consulting Family”); by this expression, we mean the Triton Consulting group and each and any of its associates. The Triton Consulting Family will process your personal information in accordance with this privacy policy and all privacy and communications legislation
Those selected companies are those that provide technical assistance and support and perform other functions to support our marketing activities.
All selected companies may have access to personal information if needed to perform such functions, but will only be permitted by us to use such personal information for the purpose of performing that function (which may include one to which you have expressly given your consent) and not for any other purpose.
We do not currently envisage our wishing to transfer personal information about you outside of the European Economic Area, but in the unlikely event we should wish to do so in future, we will only do so to the extent that it is permitted under all privacy and communications legislation applicable within England and Ireland. Of course if we need your specific and express consent to do this, we will obtain it before transferring any personal information.
In all cases, any use of your personal information by the Triton Consulting Family which has been instigated by us (as opposed, for example, to a promotional partner), will comply with this privacy policy.
Occasionally, with your permission and depending on the purpose for and context in which you gave that permission, we will send to you by e-mail or SMS text message marketing information and news. This may include our sending to you marketing information for the products or services of a promotional partner on that partner’s behalf.
However, in every case, if you do not elect to receive such communications or if you elect to discontinue receiving them, then we will not send or will cease sending them to you. Also, we reserve the right to use or disclose any personal information as needed to satisfy any law, regulation or legal request, to protect the integrity of the site, to fulfil your requests, or to cooperate in any law enforcement or regulatory investigation. Save for this, we do not sell, transfer or disclose personal information we have collected from you in connection with our web site activities, to third parties outside the Triton Consulting Family.
Please note that if we are, in turn, a promotional partner of an unrelated company (for example where we are not asking you to submit any personal information to us but are simply providing personal information on our site) and a link exists to that other company’s web site where one must visit to take part in that company’s promotion, offer or other activity, then the privacy policy of that other company will apply instead of ours.
Whilst we make every effort only to tie-in with reputable companies which have a similar high regard for your privacy, you should make sure you are aware of what their privacy policies say, as we are not responsible for the policies and practices of other companies, including those of other members of the Triton Consulting Family.
If, in the future, a third party acquires Triton Consulting or substantially all of its assets (whether by merger, acquisition, reorganisation or otherwise) customer data, including personal information, may well be one of the transferred assets.
Cookies
A cookie is an alphanumeric identifier which we transfer to your hard drive through your web browser when you visit our website. It enables our own system to recognise you when you visit our website, to track the pages you looked at while visiting our website and therefore to improve our service to you. Cookies may also be used to compile aggregate personal information about the areas of our website which are visited most frequently. This aggregate personal information can be used to enhance the content of our website and make your use of it easier. If you wish to reject our cookie, you may configure your browser to do so. However, if you do so, you may not be able to use certain features on our website.
Protection of your personal information and retention
The internet is not a secure medium and Triton Consulting cannot absolutely guarantee the security of your personal information provided over the internet. However we have put in place various security measures as set out below.
The Triton Consulting website and associated databases are protected by certified firewalls in order to protect your personal information from access by unauthorised persons and against unlawful processing. The website uses the latest technology with full backups. We also keep your personal information confidential. All outgoing and incoming email is scanned for viruses.
We also keep your personal information confidential. We will retain your personal information for a reasonable period or as long as the law requires.
Accessing and updating
You are entitled to see the personal information held about you and you may ask us to make any necessary changes to ensure that it is accurate and kept up to date. If you wish to do this, please contact us by using the methods listed below. We are entitled by law to charge a fee of £10 to meet our costs in providing you with details of the personal information we hold about you.
If at any time, you would like to correct the personal information we have about you or if you would like to change your preferences for contacts from us or other members of the Triton Consulting Family, you can let us know by contacting us by using the methods listed below.
Changes to our privacy policy
From time to time, it may be necessary for us to change this privacy policy, so we suggest that you check here periodically.
Links
This website contains links to other websites. Please note that we are not responsible for the privacy policies of such other websites and we advise you to read the privacy policies of each website you visit which collects personal data.
Questions or complaints: contact us
We reiterate that by submitting your personal information to us you consent to the use of that personal information as set out in this privacy policy. If you have any questions, concerns, comments or complaints about this privacy policy and/or our collection or use of personal information, or if you wish us to stop processing your personal information for any particular purpose or purposes, then please contact us on marketing@triton.co.uk or telephone us on 44 (0)870 2411 550.
We use third-party cookies to enhance your user experience and for performance monitoring. By using our website you consent to accepting third-party cookies.Cookie settingsOKPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are as essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are as essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.