http://www.squishlist.com/about/privacy/
Home
Features
Pricing
Try Now
Updates
Support
Privacy Policy
We do not require personal information from our Web site visitors.
We collect personally identifiable information only if specifically and knowingly provided by you.
We will use the personally identifying information you provide only in connection with Squish or for other purposes described at the point of collection.
We collect information for statistical purposes and may perform analyses of user behavior in order to measure customer interest in the various areas of our site. We will disclose this information to third parties only in aggregate form.
We do not give, sell or transfer any personal information to third parties.
We DO enable "cookies." (A "cookie" is a file placed on your hard drive by a Web site that allows it to monitor your use of the site, usually without your knowledge.)
Information Collected and Stored Automatically
If you do nothing during your visit to our Web site but browse, read pages, or download information, we will gather and store certain information about your visit. This information is collected automatically and does not identify you personally. We collect and store the following types of information:
The Internet domain (for example, "xcompany.com" if you use a private Internet access account, or "yourschool.edu" if you connect from a university's domain) and IP address (an IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the Web) from which you access our Web site.
The type of browser and operating system used to access our site.
The date and time you access our site.
The pages you visit and the referring Web site address (If you linked to the Squish site from another Web site, the address of that site).
We use this information to help us make our site more useful to visitors, to learn about the number of visitors we receive and the types of technology our visitors use. We do not track or record personal information about individuals and their visits.
Information Collected from E-mails and Web Forms
If you contact us by postal mail, telephone, or electronically, via an on-line form, there are a few things you should know before you do:
The material you submit may be seen by various people. We may enter the information you send into an electronic database. We will not share this information with individuals outside of our organization, unless required by law to disclose information you submit.
E-mail is not necessarily secure against interception. If your communication is very sensitive, or includes personal information like your bank account, charge card, or social security number, you might want to send it by postal mail instead.
Security, Intrusion, Detection
For site security purposes and to ensure that this service remains available to all users, our computer system employs software programs that monitor network traffic in order to identify unauthorized attempts to upload, change information, or otherwise cause damage.
Our Commitment to Privacy
Our Secure Computer Center
Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use
About Information Management Services, Inc.
Contact Us
Phone: (301) 984-3445
Email: support@squishlist.com
Squish © 2001-2020 IMS, Inc.