https://www.uie.com/privacy-notice/
CENTER CENTRE – UIE Privacy Notice
This Privacy Notice is intended to inform you about the types of information gathered by Center Centre Inc. and it’s registered d/b/a UIE (“Center Centre – UIE”). This is information is gathered when you visit and use Center Centre – UIE websites and applications (“Services”). We collect the information when you register for our products and services. This notice describes how we use and safeguard that information, and the degree to which you may control that use.
Collecting and using your personal information
We collect information about you directly from you, as well as automatically through your use of the Services. When used in this Notice, personal information means “any information about an identifiable individual.”
Information we collect directly from you
The information we collect from you depends on how you use the Services. We use this information solely as necessary to provide you with the Services you have requested and to complete your purchases.
If you use the Services without creating an account, we do not collect any information from you.
If you create an account for your use of the Services, we collect your email address, name, billing address, country of residence, and payment information.
When you register for a Center Centre – UIE workshop or conference, we collect your email address, name, company name, billing address, work location, and payment information. We may also ask you for information such as dietary restrictions and nicknames, which you are not required to provide to us.
When you subscribe to an email newsletter, we collect your email address and name.
When you post a job, we collect your email address, name, company name and information, job description, and a link to your company’s application system.
When you apply to become a student at Center Centre, we collect your email address, name, and links to your personal website, résumé, and LinkedIn page, along with an answer to our application screening question.
When you apply for a job at Center Centre – UIE, we collect your email address, name, résumé and other information relating to your hiring application.
When you contact us for customer service, we will collect your name, email address, and reasons for contacting us.
It is important to note that we do not store any personal financial information provided in connection with your payments. All personal financial information required to complete your transaction (such as your credit card number) will be provided to or collected by our third-party vendors, Stripe (www.stripe.com) or Authorize.Net (authorize.net), who will process payments and complete transactions. If you have questions about the vendors we use and their policies regarding the privacy of your information, please don’t hesitate to contact us.
Information we may collect automatically
We automatically collect the following information about your use of our Services, including through the user of our service management tools. When you request pages, videos, podcasts, and other available content available through our Services, we record the pages you view, the links you click, the IP address you use, where your browser session initiated from, the length of time you user our Services, the videos you watch, the changes you make to any supplied data, and the job posts you visit. We aggregate this data with other users of our Services.
We may combine this information with other information that we have collected about you, including, where applicable, your user name, name, and other personal information.
How we may use your information
To provide the Services to you, to communicate with you about your use of the Services, to respond to your inquiries, to fulfill your orders, and for other customer service purposes;
To tailor the content and information that we may send or display to you, to offer personalized help and instructions, and otherwise personalize your use of the Services;
To administer research, using tools such as surveys, questionnaires, and interviews; and
To comply with applicable legal and regulatory obligations, including as part of a judicial proceeding; to respond to a subpoena, warrant, court order, or other legal process; or as part of an investigation or request, whether formal or informal, from law enforcement or governmental authority.
Our use of cookies and other tracking mechanisms
When you use our Services, we may use the following tracking mechanisms:
Cookies: Small text files that are saved on your device’s hard drive through your web browser for record-keeping purposes;
Web Beacons: Small image files that have information about you, such as your user ID, that can be downloaded when you visit a website or open an email; and
Single-pixel Gifs: Small image files similar to web beacons that allow our third-party tracking tools to gather information about you.
For some Services, we use cookies, web beacons, and single-pixel gifs to better understand how you use our Services and to enhance your user experience, such as remembering who you are and automatically logging you in on subsequent visits.
California Do Not Track Notice
California law requires us to let you know how we respond to web browser Do Not Track (DNT) signals. Because there currently isn’t an industry or legal standard for recognizing or honoring DNT signals, we currently do not respond to Do Not Track signals sent by your browser or mobile application.
Communications and opt-out
Out of respect for your privacy, if you no longer wish to receive emails from us you may opt-out of receiving them by following the steps provided in the footer of each email. Keep in mind that you may not opt-out of receiving emails concerning your account status and security, your purchases, or billing or technical support issues.
If you no longer wish to have an account with one or more of our services, please contact us using our consent withdrawal form. We will delete all account information. Keep in mind that we cannot delete any past transaction history or any communications to resolve support issues.
If you forget your registration or account login information, you may request that we send it to the email address associated with your account. Please keep your account information secure to avoid unauthorized use of your account.
Disclosing Your Personal Information
We will never share nor sell your personally identifiable information for commercial purposes. We promise that we will only disclose information about you in the following circumstances:
To our service providers and suppliers, so they can fulfill a product or service request or to perform a business, professional or technical support function for us (for example, to process payments or send emails);
As necessary if we believe that there has been a violation of our Terms of Use or of our rights or the rights of any third party; and
To respond to judicial process and provide information to law enforcement agencies, as permitted by law, or otherwise as required by law.
If you are visiting our websites or using our services from outside the United States, be advised that information we collect will be transferred to and stored in the United States. The data protection laws in the United States may differ from those of the country in which you are located, and the information you supply to us may be subject to access requests from governments, courts, or law enforcement in the United States according to laws of the United States.
Business Transitions
In the event Center Centre goes through a business transition, any personally identifiable information we have on record will likely be among the assets transferred to the other company. The transferred personally identifiable information will remain subject to the provisions of this Privacy Notice or any subsequent versions.
How we keep your information secure
We employ encryption and other security measures to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control. However, please be advised that while we make every effort to ensure the integrity and security of our network and systems, we cannot guarantee that our security measures will prevent unauthorized access, hacking, data loss, or other breaches from ever occurring. You transmit information to us at your own risk.
Changes to our Privacy Notice
We may periodically update this Privacy Notice. If you have provided us with your email address for any reason, we will contact about any significant changes to this notice. We’ll also post the most recent Privacy Notice to the Center Centre websites. The most recent version of the Privacy Notice will supersede and replace all previous versions.
Questions?
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Notice, please contact us. We’d love to hear from you.
Center Centre, Inc.
510 Turnpike Street, Ste 102
North Andover, Massachusetts 01845
Email: privacy@uie.com
Telephone: 978.327.5561
Effective Date: Jan 9th, 2020
</html