https://www.comparitech.com/blog/vpn-privacy/best-vpn-kodi/
Menu
Close
VPN
By Use
Netflix
Kodi
Torrenting
Hulu
Sky Go
Gaming
BBC iPlayer
Tor
Best overall
By OS/Device
Mac
Windows
Linux
Windows 10
Firestick
iPhone and iPad
Android
Windows Phone
DD-WRT Routers
By Country
China
Japan
US
UK
Canada
Australia
Germany
France
UAE & Dubai
Guides
Fastest VPNs
Cheapest VPNs
Free VPNs
How to access the deep web
Is torrenting safe and legal?
Build your own VPN
Facebook privacy and security
How to encrypt email
How to stay anonymous online
See all
Reviews
ExpressVPN
NordVPN
IPVanish
PrivateVPN
StrongVPN
Cyberghost
PureVPN
Surfshark
See all
Antivirus
Online backup
Streaming
Kodi
Plex
Sports Streaming
TV Streaming
IPTV
Blog
VPN & Privacy
Cloud and Online Backup
Information Security
More Comparisons
Password Managers
Identity Theft Protection
Usenet
Privacy & Security Tools
Internet Providers
Parental Control Software
Net Admin Tools
Data Recovery Software
Crypto
Utilities
BlogVPN & PrivacyBest VPNs for Kodi in 2020
We are reader supported and may earn a commission when you buy through links on our site
Best VPNs for Kodi in 2020
With hundreds of different VPNs on the market, choosing the best VPN for Kodi is no easy task. A suitable VPN will keep your streaming private, have minimal impact on speed and work with all popular devices.
Paul Bischoff
TECH WRITER, PRIVACY ADVOCATE AND VPN EXPERT
@pabischoff UPDATED: December 7, 2020
If you are using Kodi you should be using a VPN.
However, not all VPNs are suitable.
A VPN will keep the sites you visit and the content you stream private from your ISP and from other third parties. A VPN will also allow you to view content that is usually restricted by your location.
We take a look at the best VPNs for Kodi in 2020 that will protect your privacy and security without slowing down speeds and spoiling your streaming experience. This is based on real-world testing of dozens of different VPN providers.
We’ll run through which VPNs have apps for which devices so you can be sure to find a good fit for your preferred device. For example, not all VPNs have a Firestick app.
The VPNs on this list should help you enjoy Kodi safe in the knowledge your ISP or hackers are not spying on your activity. Importantly, we have excluded VPNs which keep logs of user activity or don’t offer suitable privacy and security protection to stop your real IP address from leaking.
We go into more details on the VPNs that have made this list below, but if you want to skip ahead to the best VPNs for Kodi, here’s a summary of our top picks.
These are the 7 best VPNs for Kodi:
IPVanish Our top choice VPN for Kodi. Perfect for Kodi users who need a fast and lightweight, remote-control friendly solution. Easiest Kodi set up on this list. Strong security. 30-day money-back guarantee.
NordVPN Fastest VPN for Kodi. Great value for fast streaming. Private and secure with Kodi.
Surfshark Best budget VPN for Kodi. A security-first VPN that nevertheless unblocks a huge range of geo-restricted content.
ExpressVPN Great at unblocking most popular streaming content. Great privacy and security. Extensive support to get Kodi working on all platforms.
CyberGhost Another good Budget choice for Kodi. Unblocks most popular streaming content. May need manual configuration for some users.
PrivateVPN Fast, private and secure. A budding provider with a growing list of servers.
Private Internet Access Solid security and privacy. Android and Linux friendly.
Many VPNs are available, but we’ve narrowed down a list of six we believe to be the best VPNs for Kodi users. We’ll make a note as to what types of devices each VPN is compatible with, including Android and OpenELEC. If you’re not sure which to choose, check out our guide on how to set up a Kodi VPN.
How to use a VPN with Kodi
On smartphones, PCs, and streaming devices like Amazon Firesticks, the easiest way to use a VPN with Kodi is to install the VPN provider’s app. To do so, you will need to minimize Kodi and install it on the underlying operating system.
Here’s how to set up a VPN for Kodi:
Download and install the VPN app from your provider’s website (we recommend IPVanish) or an official app store (Apple, Amazon, or Google Play).
Open the app and log in with your account credentials
Select a location and hit the Connect button.
Once the connection is established, open Kodi back up and use it as you normally would. All your device’s internet traffic will be tunneled through the VPN.
How we select VPNs
There are lots of VPNs available however, there are some which are much more suitable for use with Kodi. We chose the best VPNs for Kodi based on the following criteria:
Compatibility with a range of Kodi devices
Speed and reliability
Security and logging policy
Ease of setup and use
Best VPNs for Kodi
1. IPVanish
IPVanish is our top recommendation for Android-based Kodi devices, including the Amazon Fire TV and Fire TV Stick. For users without access to Google Play, IPVanish allows you to simply download the APK file from its website and install it directly onto your device without the need to go through an app store. IPVanish now lists its app on the Fire TV app store via Amazon and at the time of writing it’s the only one on this list to do so. Linux users, however, will have to manually configure the VPN.
The Fire TV version is optimized to be used with the Fire Stick remote, making it easy to get set up and connected to your server of choice. Over 1,000 servers are available to choose from, with fast and reliable service to the vast majority of locations around the world. You’ll also get solid security thanks to 256-bit encryption and a no-logs policy.
Apps are available for Windows, MacOS, iOS, Android, and Fire TV.
Pros:
Best performer for Android-based Kodi devices in our testing
Provides APK file for direct installation those without access to Google Play
Custom Fire TV version app
1200+ servers can unblock most popular streaming content
Speeds are great fro HD streaming on most servers
Top-notch security and privacy considerations
Cons:
Doesn’t offer a cryptocurrency payment method
Best VPN for Kodi XBMC:IPVanish is our #1 choice. Unrivaled for Kodi users including those that use Amazon Fire TV and Fire TV Stick. Fast, reliable and offers strong privacy and security. Huge range of IPs and servers plus additional protection against DNS leaks. 30-day money-back guarantee.
Read our full IPVanish review.
IPVanish CouponSave up to 76% + 250GB of SugarSync encrypted cloud storageGET DEALDiscount applied automatically
2. NordVPN
Apps Available:
PC
Mac
IOS
Android
Linux
Website:
www.NordVPN.com
Money-back guarantee: 30 DAYS
NordVPN offers a network of more than 5,500 servers in over 60 countries. Many of those can unblock geo-locked streaming services like BBC iPlayer, Hulu, and Netflix. Android users without Google Play can get the APK file directly from the NordVPN website. NordVPN can be manually configured using a range of different protocols.
The company uses 256-bit encryption and adheres to a strict zero-logs policy. Speeds are decent and connections are reliable. The default map interface might not be suitable for users who operate Kodi with a remote control, but you can switch to view the available servers in list form as well.
Apps are available for Windows, MacOS, iOS, and Android.
Pros:
Works well with Kodi and can unblock most popular streaming sites
Exceptional speeds
No logs kept
Offers secure, encrypted connections at all times
Strict no-logs policy ideal for privacy-conscious users
Cons:
The desktop app is a little cumbersome and takes some getting used to
FASTEST VPN FOR KODI:NordVPN is a speedy, secure all-rounder that works well with Kodi. Strong privacy features and accommodates up to 6 devices. The app doesn’t allow user choice of server. Includes a 30-day money-back guarantee.
Read our full NordVPN review.
NordVPN CouponSAVE 68% on 2 year deal + 3 months FREEGET DEALDiscount applied automatically
3. Surfshark
Apps Available:
PC
Mac
IOS
Android
Linux
Website:
www.Surfshark.com
Money-back guarantee: 30 DAYS
Surfshark offers access to over 3,200 servers in 60+ countries and is fast enough for lag-free HD live streaming. This is ideal since it also unblocks some of the most stubborn streaming platforms abroad including Netflix, Amazon Prime Video, and BBC iPlayer. Better still, while many other VPNs allow six connections at most, Surfshark has no problem with you connecting every single device you own simultaneously.
This service uses a list-based country selector, so remote control users shouldn’t have any issues getting connected. It protects your privacy using 256-bit encryption, protection against WebRTC, DNS, and IPv6 leaks, and a strict no-logs policy. Additionally, users can pay in Ripple, Ethereum, or Bitcoin for another layer of anonymity. This VPN offers 24/7 live chat just in case you need it.
Surfshark apps are available for MacOS, Linux, iOS, Android, and Windows. This service can even be manually installed on supported internet routers.
Pros:
Unblocks some of the most stubborn streaming platforms abroad
Solid speeds
Strong security credentials
No-logs policy
No connection limit
Cons:
Some servers are much slower than others
Our score:
4 out of 5
Read our full review of Surfshark here.
BEST BUDGET VPN:Surfshark is a low-cost VPN that has above-average unblocking capabilities, as well as a strong security focus, and no connection limit. This lets you use Kodi safely, from anywhere, on any device. Still not enough? There’s also a 30-day money-back guarantee.
Surfshark CouponGet 83% off a two-year plan + 3 months FREEGET DEALDiscount applied automatically
4. ExpressVPN
ExpressVPN is a great all-around choice for Kodi users, promising fast speeds and reliable service. A Linux version of the app with a command-line interface is available, although we haven’t yet tested this with OpenELEC. A Fire TV-optimized version is available on Amazon’s app store. One downside for users with Android-based Kodi devices is they can’t easily download the APK from the website without first authorizing their account. That means devices that lack Google Play and a traditional web browser will have to sideload the app from a second Android device. ExpressVPN also has a tutorial for getting set up with Nvidia Shield on its website.
ExpressVPN is a reliable unblocker of geo-locked services, including Netflix, Hulu, HBO Now and HBO Go. It boasts best-in-class security standards, 256-bit AES encryption and perfect forward secrecy among them.
Apps are available for Windows, MacOS, iOS, Android, Linux (command-line), and certain wifi routers. If your Kodi device doesn’t support VPNs at all, ExpressVPN’s pre-flashed wifi routers with the company’s bespoke firmware might be just what you’re looking for.
Pros:
A good all-rounder for Kodi users with dedicated apps
Fantastic speeds for downloading and streaming
Top-class security and privacy protection features
Unblocks all major streaming services
Cons:
Slightly higher cost than others
Few customizable options
FAST AND RELIABLE:ExpressVPN is fast, secure, and able to unblock a huge range of streaming services. Works well with Kodi. Privacy features are hard to beat. Includes a 30-day money-back guarantee.
Read our full ExpressVPN review.
ExpressVPN CouponSpecial Offer - get 3 months extra FREEGET DEALDiscount applied automatically
5. CyberGhost
CyberGhost categorizes its servers not just by location, but by which video streaming service the user wants to access. This is useful for users who use Kodi to stream from official sources like BBC iPlayer. Unfortunately, there’s no Linux app and the Android version is only available from Google Play. That means devices that run on OpenELEC or a version of Android that doesn’t have Google Play will have to manually configure CyberGhost servers.
On the plus side, CyberGhost has gotten pretty good at unblocking streaming channels as of late, and it’s added a whole slew of servers to its ever-expanding network. Speeds are solid and security is tight.
Apps are available for Windows, MacOS, iOS, and Android.
Pros:
Works well with Kodi, can select servers based on site you want to unblock
Great value low-cost provider
Fast, reliable service
No issues unblocking most popular streaming sites
Cons:
Needs manual configuration for Linux users
Torrenting and P2P won’t work on all servers
LOW COST:CyberGhost is ideal for those new to VPNs. Comprehensive protection and one-click unblocking enabled by default. Good speeds for a low-cost option. Works well with Kodi but not the best performer with some popular streaming sites. Comes with a 45-day money-back guarantee.
Read our full CyberGhost review.
CyberGhost CouponSAVE 83% on the 3 year plan! + 3 months FREEGET DEAL Discount applied automatically
6. PrivateVPN
Apps Available:
PC
Mac
IOS
Android
Linux
Website:
www.PrivateVPN.com
Money-back guarantee: 30 DAYS
PrivateVPN is a small provider making a big splash thanks to its ability to unblock pretty much everything you can throw at it, including BBC iPlayer and Netflix. A relative newcomer, it doesn’t have a huge amount of servers, but those it does have are spread over a good range of countries and offer blazing fast speeds. Security and logging policies are what you would expect from a much larger provider, so you can rest easy knowing your ISP and hackers won’t be able to snoop on your activity.
Android users can get the APK file directly from PrivateVPN’s website. There’s no app for Linux yet, but manual configuration is an option.
Apps are available for Windows, MacOS, iOS, and Android.
Pros:
No issues getting it working with Kodi devices
Strong security features and solid privacy protections
Unblocks Hulu, Amazon Prime Video, and BBC iPlayer
Keeps no logs whatsoever
Cons:
Doesn’t have 24/7 live chat
Fewer servers to choose from than other providers higher on this list
Needs manual tweaking to work in China
Great Speeds:PrivateVPN is a good family choice. Works well with Kodi. Supports up to 6 devices on the same account. Achieves fast connections. Could do with a bigger choice of servers. 30-day money-back guarantee.
Read our full PrivateVPN review.
PrivateVPN CouponSave 82% on the annual plan + 12 months extra FREE!GET DEALDiscount applied automatically
7. Private Internet Access
Apps Available:
PC
Mac
IOS
Android
Linux
FireTV
Website:
www.PrivateInternetAccess.com
Money-back guarantee: 30 DAYS
Private Internet Access is a solid option for both Android and Linux-based Kodi devices. The Linux version is tested and proven to work on OpenELEC, a popular Linux distro for low-power Kodi devices like Raspberry Pi. The apps are lightweight and the price is cheap, so this is a good overall choice for Kodi users on a budget. The APK file is available for direct download from the PIA website if your Android device doesn’t have Google Play.
Despite its small footprint, PIA doesn’t compromise on security or performance. Speeds are decent and you get a decent range of server locations. Encryption standards are adjustable with 256-bit and 128-bit encryption available; the latter might be preferable lower-end Kodi devices. PIA sticks to a strict no-logs policy.
Apps are available for Windows, MacOS, iOS, Android, and Linux.
Pros:
Favored by Kodi users with Linux for dedicated app and support
A budget provider that can unblock a good range of streaming content
Cons:
Streaming speeds can be inconsistent
Be prepared for troubleshooting in community forums
Other providers in this list are more capable of unblocking more major streaming sites
LOW PRICE:Private Internet Access has top security and privacy. Generally works well with Kodi and is able to unblock a good range of streaming content. A large user community offers plenty of support. Streaming speeds can be inconsistent.
Read our full Private Internet Access review.
Private Internet Access CouponSave 82% on the 3 year planGET DEALDiscount applied automatically
How to choose the best VPN for Kodi
Kodi users should consider a number of factors when choosing a VPN. They include:
Device compatibility. Make sure the VPN you choose supports whatever device you have installed Kodi on. If your device is Android-based, such as an Amazon Fire TV Stick, for example, then you’ll have plenty of choices. OpenELEC, users on the other hand, have far fewer options.
Speed: Fast connections to VPN servers make for smooth, uninterrupted streaming. A slow VPN will cause frequent buffering and long load times. Higher speeds allow better quality video to be streamed.
Privacy: Strong encryption and a no-logs policy prevent your ISP, government agencies, and hackers from snooping on your connection. A VPN prevents anyone from seeing what and where you’re watching.
Ability to unblock region-locked video: Many official video sources are region-locked so that only users from certain countries can watch them. A VPN routes your internet connection through another location, thereby bypassing these restrictions. Some streaming providers have caught onto this tactic and have measures in place to prevent VPN users from watching, but the best VPNs can unblock them, anyway.
Customer support: 24/7 live chat support is ideal but not offered by all providers. This can be really useful for setup and troubleshooting.
Ease of use: There’s no point in buying a VPN subscription if you can’t figure out how to use it. All of the VPNs we recommend offer money-back guarantees so you can test them out before making a commitment.
Do I need a VPN for Kodi?
Kodi, the multi-platform home theater software formerly called XBMC, can be customized with a range of content repositories, tools, and programs for a tailored entertainment experience. It overlays any computer, Android device, and even Raspberry Pis with an easy-to-use interface compatible with remote controls and gamepads.
The real allure of Kodi lies in addons that extend Kodi’s capabilities. Namely, video addons allow Kodi users to stream video from a wide range of sources. These include popular streaming services like BBC iPlayer and third-party addons that primarily offer pirated content. Many Kodi users employ a VPN to hide their activity from their ISP when viewing unofficial streams; however, there are many legitimate reasons everyone should use one.
Short for Virtual Private Network, a VPN encrypts all of your Kodi device’s internet traffic and routes it through an intermediary server in a location of your choosing. This allows you to unblock geographically restricted content, such as BBC iPlayer from outside the UK. It also protects users from certain types of attacks and vulnerabilities common in third-party addons while keeping your activity private.
Don’t use APK files from third parties
If your Kodi device runs on Android but doesn’t have Google Play, getting the VPN app you want onto it can be a challenge. The next best option is often downloading the APK file and allowing your device to install apps from unknown sources. However, we caution against downloading APK files from anyone other than the VPN provider itself.
A bit of Googling will no doubt turn up several third party APK hosting websites. These are best avoided. Those APKs were not put there by the people who made them, so there’s a substantial risk that the app could have been modified to contain malware. Even if it’s safe, these APKs are often out of date, which means they could be missing key features or contain unpatched security vulnerabilities.
Whenever possible, download APKs directly from the VPN provider’s website. Another option is to “sideload” the app from a second Android device that does have Google Play.
VPN router setup for Kodi on Roku, Chromecast, FireTV, etc
If you’re using Kodi XBMC on a device that doesn’t support VPNs, you can still take advantage of a VPN subscription by setting it up manually on your wifi router. This process differs based on the particular router’s firmware, so we recommend you Google a setup tutorial to learn how. Once set up, all the internet traffic coming and going from the router will travel through the VPN server.
You may need to replace the router’s firmware if the stock version does not support VPN connections. This process is called “flashing”, and it should be done with great care. If you do not flash the new firmware properly or flash the incorrect firmware version for your router model, it can permanently damage, or “brick”, the router. Some of the most popular router firmware that supports VPNs include:
DD-WRT
Tomato
AsusWRT
If you have a PC or Mac laptop available, a safer and easier solution is to install the VPN on that and create a wifi hotspot.  This is called a virtual router, and most modern laptops are capable of creating one.  By connecting to the VPN on your laptop and broadcasting a wifi network from it, you can connect your Kodi device so that all streams go through the VPN. You can find PC instructions on how to create a VPN-enabled virtual router, and Mac instructions here. We’ve also got our Fire TV Stick VPN setup instructions for 2nd generation Amazon Fire TV Sticks and later.
See also: Best VPNs for Fire Stick
Can I use a free VPN with Kodi?
Free VPNs are common but are generally not suitable for Kodi. Assuming you’re using Kodi to stream video, free VPNs don’t offer the necessary bandwidth or data to reliably stream video. You’ll likely get low image quality and a lot of buffering. Free VPNs often cap the amount of data you can use or throttle bandwidth.
Most free VPNs don’t make apps for Amazon Fire TV or other Kodi devices. Their customer support is practically nonexistent, so don’t expect any help in finding a workaround.
Privacy is also a concern with free VPNs. They have to make money somehow, and many resort to collecting personal data, injecting ads into websites on your browser, and other shifty tactics. A few have even been caught distributing malware to users.
Security can also be lackluster. Many VPNs use obsolete encryption or even no encryption at all. They can leak data outside of the VPN tunnel, exposing your activity to third parties.
In short, stick to a paid VPN provider to get the performance, security, and support needed for Kodi.
Is Kodi legal?
Kodi is a perfectly legal open-source software created by a nonprofit organization. You are fully within your rights to download and install Kodi from the official website and use any of the officially sanctioned add-ons.
It is not illegal to buy or sell devices with Kodi pre-installed, so long as they do not contain third-party add-ons that stream from illegal sources. We recommend the boxes sold by WeTek, which come with a clean install of Kodi without any third-party add-ons and run on the OpenELEC Linux distro.
Kodi users run into legal issues when they extend Kodi’s range of streaming sources using unsanctioned, third-party add-ons, or when they buy “Kodi boxes” from third party retailers that come with these add-ons pre-installed. These sources can include pirated IPTV streams, torrents, and websites hosting content without the copyright owner’s permission.
It might not be completely clear to users which add-ons stream from legal sources and which don’t. This is especially true for pre-configured Kodi boxes. In one case, a UK man was fined £250,000 for selling Kodi devices loaded with several add-ons that streamed content from illegal sources, despite his claim that the boxes were “100 percent legal.”
So how do you stay on the right side of the law?
First off, know that the XBMC Foundation, which created and maintains the Kodi software, is not involved in any way with the sale of Kodi boxes. In fact, Team Kodi has said the boxes commonly sold on eBay and by Youtubers, which come loaded with third-party add-ons, are “killing Kodi”. But because Kodi is open source, XBMC cannot control who installs it on what.
We discourage purchasing any device with Kodi and third-party add-ons pre-installed. Not only could doing so get you in trouble for copyright infringement, but it could also infect your device with malware installed on the system before purchase. If you bought an Amazon Fire Stick or other devices with a “fully loaded” Kodi installation, we recommend a clean wipe of the entire system and starting from scratch.
Secondly, the legality of streaming from third-party sources varies by country. Some might be legal but require you watch from a specific country or region. Others might exist in a legal grey area. For these reasons, we always recommend checking your local laws and regulations and using a VPN to hide your activity from your ISP and other entities.
Read more: How safe is Kodi?
Choosing a Kodi box
While you can install and run Kodi on a desktop operating system like Windows or MacOS, most Kodi users prefer to use a separate device to use as a home media center. These are often referred to as Kodi “boxes”, and they come in two main flavors: Android and Linux.
Most of the VPNs listed here make Android apps with downloadable APK files that you can install directly onto your device without the need for Google Play. While not all versions of Android are the same, most should run these VPN apps just fine.
Popular Android-based Kodi boxes include:
Amazon Fire TV and Fire TV Stick
Nvidia Shield
Gem Box
Razer Forge TV
Matricom G-Box
Many Linux distributions can run Kodi, but the most popular for small, low-powered devices like these is OpenELEC. OpenELEC is a Linux distro tailor-made for Kodi boxes. Some VPNs make Linux apps that might run on OpenELEC, but a more universal option is to configure the VPN manually. OpenELEC Kodi users can even connect to a VPN from within a Kodi add-on like VPN Manager for OpenVPN or OpenVPN for Kodi. Ask your VPN provider for the necessary configuration files to get up and running.
Popular devices that run Kodi with OpenELEC include:
Wetek Play, Play 2, and Core
Raspberry Pi 3
CuBox-i
There are many more but beware of devices that are sold with non-stock editions of Kodi. Many vendors will sell pre-configured “piracy boxes” with special builds that come with tons of add-ons already installed. This is especially prevalent among third-party vendors selling Amazon Fire TV sticks with Kodi. While these can seem like a good deal at first because they don’t require you to install Kodi on your own, they often come with malware, botnets, and other nasty stuff that risks your security and internet bandwidth.
If a device doesn’t come with the stock version of Kodi, just install it yourself. You can find a tutorial on how to install Kodi on Fire TV here, and how to install a VPN on Fire TV here. These instructions should work similarly for other Android-based devices as well.
Comparitech does not condone or encourage any violation of copyright restrictions, including illegal streaming through Kodi. Kodi can be used for many excellent, legal online streaming purposes. Please consider the law, victims, and risks of piracy before downloading or streaming copyrighted material without permission.
Contents [hide]How to use a VPN with KodiHow we select VPNsBest VPNs for Kodi1. IPVanish2. NordVPN3. Surfshark4. ExpressVPN5. CyberGhost6. PrivateVPN7. Private Internet AccessHow to choose the best VPN for KodiDo I need a VPN for Kodi?Can I use a free VPN with Kodi?Is Kodi legal?Choosing a Kodi box
Black Friday VPN Deals EXTENDED
68% off + 3 mths FREEGet Deal >
Save 83%Get Deal >
3 Months FREEGet Deal >
What’s in this article?How to use a VPN with KodiHow we select VPNsBest VPNs for Kodi1. IPVanish2. NordVPN3. Surfshark4. ExpressVPN5. CyberGhost6. PrivateVPN7. Private Internet AccessHow to choose the best VPN for KodiDo I need a VPN for Kodi?Can I use a free VPN with Kodi?Is Kodi legal?Choosing a Kodi box
Latest Guides
Surveillance camera statistics: which cities have the most CCTV cameras?
August 15, 2019 / by Paul Bischoff
Guide to using public wifi safely and securely
October 9, 2018 / by Osman Husain
Popular Posts
10 Best SFTP and FTPS Servers Reviewed for 2020
February 27, 2019 / by Jon Watson
Best VPNs for Netflix: Get any version of Netflix anywhere
January 5, 2019 / by Paul Bischoff
10 Best VPNs for Torrenting Safely and Privately in 2020
January 1, 2019 / by Paul Bischoff
How to make your own free VPN with Amazon Web Services
May 15, 2018 / by Paul Bischoff
A beginner’s guide to online censorship
August 26, 2017 / by Paul Bischoff
Latest Cloud and Online Backup
10 Best Secure File Sharing Tools & Software for Business in 2020
October 21, 2019 / by Tim Keary
Rapidshare is discontinued, try these alternatives
February 4, 2019 / by Aimee O'Driscoll
The 5 Best Edge Services Providers
October 15, 2018 / by Stephen Cooper
The best apps to encrypt your files before uploading to the cloud
October 11, 2018 / by Paul Bischoff
Is Dropbox Secure? 9 Ways To Make The File Sharing Service Safer To Use
December 28, 2017 / by David Gilbert
Latest Information Security
Top online degrees in cyber security (Bachelor’s)
December 8, 2020 / by Aimee O'Driscoll
Computer forensics analyst career guide
December 4, 2020 / by Aimee O'Driscoll
What is Trojan Horse malware and how can you avoid it?
November 26, 2020 / by Marc Dahan
Graylog Review and Alternatives
November 26, 2020 / by John Cirelly
Cybersecurity jobs overview: Earn a high-paying job in cybersecurity
November 23, 2020 / by Sam Cook
Latest VPN & Privacy
Top 50 vendors and products by security vulnerabilities
December 7, 2020 / by Rebecca Moody
How to make a VPN kill switch in Linux with UFW
December 4, 2020 / by Aaron Phillips
Hotspot Shield Black Friday Deal 2020 (Live Now)
November 26, 2020 / by Mark Gill
How your mobile phone tracks you (even when switched off)
November 25, 2020 / by Josh Lake
Private Internet Access Black Friday & Cyber Monday Deal 2020 (Live Now)
November 25, 2020 / by Mark Gill
Latest Crypto
How Do People Feel About Cryptocurrencies?
July 31, 2019 / by Paul Bischoff
The Biggest Cryptocurrency Heists of All Time
June 28, 2019 / by Theo Tsihitas
Understanding cryptography’s role in blockchains
April 10, 2019 / by Josh Lake
How to buy and pay with bitcoin anonymously
April 18, 2018 / by Aimee O'Driscoll
What bitcoin is and how to buy it and use it
April 6, 2018 / by Aimee O'Driscoll
Latest Crypto Popular Posts
How to buy and pay with bitcoin anonymously
April 18, 2018 / by Aimee O'Driscoll
What is Bitcoin mining and how can you do it?
March 7, 2018 / by Aimee O'Driscoll
15 best bitcoin wallets for 2020 (that are safe and easy to use)
February 25, 2018 / by Aimee O'Driscoll
Latest Data Recovery Software
11 Best Data Loss Prevention Software Tools
April 18, 2019 / by Stephen Cooper
Latest IPTV
Is Facebook profiting from illegal streaming?
June 11, 2019 / by Sam Cook
How to set up IPTV on Perfect Player
January 31, 2019 / by Tom Blackstone
Kodi Solutions IPTV: What is Kodi Solutions? Is it your next IPTV?
September 24, 2018 / by Tom Blackstone
Area 51 IPTV: What is Area 51 IPTV and should you use it?
September 23, 2018 / by Tom Blackstone
Terrarium TV shut down: Use these top 10 Terrarium TV alternatives
September 18, 2018 / by Sam Cook
Latest Identity Theft Protection
How to delete online accounts and reduce your security risks
February 3, 2020 / by Sam Cook
Identity fraud on Upwork and other freelance sites threatens gig economy integrity
July 30, 2019 / by Sam Cook
Consumer interest in checking credit scores jumped 230 percent in a decade. Here’s why that’s a dangerous trend
February 20, 2019 / by Sam Cook
Latest Kodi
Can You Watch Tyson vs Jones on Kodi?
August 13, 2020 / by Sam Cook
How to install the PBS Kids Kodi addon
September 25, 2019 / by Ian Garland
How to watch AEW – All Out Free on Kodi with a VPN
August 30, 2019 / by William Elcock
How to watch the US Open Tennis 2019 on Kodi – free livestream
August 16, 2019 / by William Elcock
How to download and install Kodi Leia 18.3 on Firestick
August 13, 2019 / by Ian Garland
Latest Kodi Popular Posts
Can you watch Bellator 223: Mousasi vs. Lovato on Kodi?
June 21, 2019 / by Sam Cook
How to watch the French Open on Kodi
May 21, 2019 / by Sam Cook
How to watch the NCAA Frozen Four and Championship on Kodi
April 10, 2019 / by Sam Cook
How to watch the 2019 NCAA Final Four and Championship game on Kodi
April 5, 2019 / by Sam Cook
30+ Best Kodi Addons in December 2020 (of 130+ tested)
March 15, 2019 / by Ian Garland
Latest Net Admin
9 Best Network Security Tools
December 4, 2020 / by Stephen Cooper
5 Best Real User Monitoring Tools & Services
December 4, 2020 / by Stephen Cooper
9 Best NGINX Monitoring Tools
December 1, 2020 / by Tim Keary
Graylog vs Splunk Analysis and Breakdown
November 27, 2020 / by John Cirelly
Sumo Logic vs Splunk
November 27, 2020 / by John Cirelly
Latest Net Admin Popular Posts
11 Best Free TFTP Servers for Windows, Linux and Mac
February 28, 2019 / by Jon Watson
10 Best SFTP and FTPS Servers Reviewed for 2020
February 27, 2019 / by Jon Watson
12 Best NetFlow Analyzers & Collector Tools for 2020
January 23, 2019 / by John Kimball
Best Bandwidth Monitoring Tools – Free Tools to Analyze Network Traffic Usage
December 21, 2018 / by John Kimball
Latest Online backup
10 Best Secure File Sharing Tools & Software for Business in 2020
October 21, 2019 / by Tim Keary
Latest Plex
Watch your Plex library in Kodi with the Plex Kodi addon
December 24, 2017 / by Aaron Phillips
How to set up Plex on Chromecast and get the most out of it
December 7, 2017 / by Aaron Phillips
Plex vs Kodi: Which streaming software is right for you?
November 1, 2017 / by Aaron Phillips
Installing and using the Fire TV Plex app
October 31, 2017 / by Aaron Phillips
The best Plex plugins: 25 of our favorites (Updated)
September 20, 2017 / by Aaron Phillips
Latest Plex Popular Posts
The best Plex plugins: 25 of our favorites (Updated)
September 20, 2017 / by Aaron Phillips
How to get started streaming with Plex media server
September 20, 2017 / by Aaron Phillips
Selectively routing Plex through your VPN
September 20, 2017 / by Aaron Phillips
Latest Sports Streaming
How to watch Errol Spence vs Danny Garcia live online
December 4, 2020 / by Mark Gill
How to live stream Tyson v Jones online from anywhere
November 27, 2020 / by Sam Cook
How to watch NCAA College Basketball 2020-2021 season online
November 24, 2020 / by Ian Garland
How to watch Terence Crawford vs Kell Brook live online
November 13, 2020 / by Mark Gill
How to watch AEW Full Gear 2020 live online from anywhere
November 6, 2020 / by Ian Garland
Latest Sports Streaming Popular Posts
How to watch Gervonta Davis vs Leo Santa Cruz live online
October 20, 2020 / by Sam Cook
How to watch Vasiliy Lomachenko vs Teofimo Lopez live online
October 16, 2020 / by Sam Cook
How to watch Deontay Wilder vs Tyson Fury 2 heavyweight world title fight
February 21, 2020 / by Sam Cook
How to watch the Stanley Cup Final 2020 live online from anywhere
May 26, 2019 / by Sam Cook
How to watch Super Bowl LIV (54) free online anywhere in the world
February 2, 2019 / by Sam Cook
Latest TV Streaming
How to watch Tin Star season 3 online
December 9, 2020 / by Ian Garland
How to watch The Challenge: Double Agents (Season 36) online
December 8, 2020 / by Mark Gill
How to watch Attack on Titan season 4 online from anywhere
December 6, 2020 / by Ian Garland
How to watch Blue Bloods season 11 online
December 3, 2020 / by Ian Garland
How to watch the Saved by the Bell 2020 series online (outside the US)
November 24, 2020 / by Mark Gill
Latest TV Streaming Popular Posts
How to watch Winter Love Island 2020 online from abroad (stream it free)
May 30, 2019 / by Ian Garland
How to watch Game of Thrones Season 8 free online
April 14, 2019 / by Sam Cook
How to watch Super Bowl LIV (54) free online anywhere in the world
February 2, 2019 / by Sam Cook
How to watch Super Bowl LIV (54) on Kodi: Live stream anywhere
January 29, 2019 / by William Elcock
Latest Utilities
6 Best screen recorders for Windows 10 in 2020
June 23, 2020 / by Aimee O'Driscoll
Best video downloaders for Windows 10 in 2020
June 16, 2020 / by Aimee O'Driscoll
12 best video editing software for beginners in 2020
June 11, 2020 / by Aimee O'Driscoll
Best video conferencing software for small businesses
March 20, 2020 / by Aimee O'Driscoll
Best video converters for Mac in 2020 (free and paid)
August 12, 2019 / by Aimee O'Driscoll
18 Comments
Leave a Comment
How do I know what generation fire stick I have, have internet only, need , a vpn that is really easy to use. THANKS
Reply
There’s a model number on the side of the Firestick that indicates the generation number.
Reply
Am I correct in my thinking that by downloading and installing a VPN on my desktop at home and using my own WiFi network that my Sony SmarTV and my Amazon Fire Stick will work with a then “alternate” IP address. Or would I have to download the app of my VPN of choice to each individual component? Or would I be better served by purchasing a router that already has VPN capabilities? Sorry for all the questions; I’m new to all this and not the most tech-savvy.
Reply
The VPN only affects the device you install it on. So installing it on your desktop will not affect your other devices. You can purchase a router that supports VPNs. Look for DD-WRT or Tomato based routers, or go with ExpressVPN’s router if you want something easy but a bit pricier. The other option is to create a VPN enabled virtual router using your laptop/desktop. Search for “virtual router” on our site for a tutorial on that.
Reply
I have been using PIA for about 2 years now and recently have had a problem using it
and have been told today that they
do not support Kodi Boxes
Reply
Well, the IPVanish link doesn’t work worth a crap.
Reply
Works now.
Reply
Im looking for a free vpn that i dont have to pay for monthly for my fire stick tv. Having a hard time finding one. Wanna see ufc 208 tomorrow night and i wanna make sure i do t rum into problems. Please help..
Reply
No free VPN will give you enough bandwidth/data to live stream video. You could sign up for a paid service with a money back guarantee and cancel/get a refund before it expires. Express has a 30 day guarantee.
Reply
The part about “No free VPN will give you enough bandwidth/data to live stream video” is not true. Opera VPN is free and I use it to stream videos effortlessly. Never had issues using it on my fire stick.
Reply
Opera’s built-in VPN doesn’t work on plugins like Flash. Chances are, your videos are being streamed over your regular Internet provider. Only the web pages are going through the Opera VPN, not the video content. That’s probably why you don’t see a performance hit when using Opera’s built-in VPN. It also means you’re not getting the type of protection discussed in this article. For that, you typically need a paid VPN that handles ALL your traffic, including Flash videos.
Reply
Are you using a fire stick?
Reply
Which of these can be installed and used with Kodi on a Amazon Fire Tv?
Reply
Which of these can be installed and used with Kodi on a Amazon Fire Tv?
Sorry, didnt see your final comment regarding FireTV. I’m specifically talking about the case where my ISP provided router doesnt support setting up a VPN on it. So the VPN setup would have to be on the FireTV box itself or software based at the network level(which is a bit more technical than i can manage at the moment).
One of the services i’m aware of that does this is DathoVPN. Do the ones above?
Reply
I think the newer Fire TV sticks might support their Android apps but not earlier versions. You can always attach a second router to your current one and cascade it, then set up the VPN on the second router.
Reply
I do not believe any of these will do what you want. The android apps i have tried on the firetv all break internet connectivity when the vpn connects. Your best bet is to bypass the router on your cable modem / router combo and hookup a router that supports VPN after the router from where you can connect the entire network through vpn. It is kind of a PITA though if you are going to be changing servers frequently.
Reply
Oh i stand corrected. Only the first generation fire stick will not work with VPN. the 2nd gen and 1st gen fire tv supposedly will work with VPN apps. I am working on finding a similar solution and ran across that bit of info.
Reply
NordVPn is laziest of all,
i mean seriously guyz you’re legal provider and as soon as some uses you VPN it works slowest.
FIX IT !
Reply
Leave a Reply Cancel replyCommentName
Email
reCaptcha challenge is not working! Check browser requirement
This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is processed.
BLACK FRIDAY EXTENDED
3 MONTHS FREE
+ SAVE 68%
Get 3 months FREE >>
No thanks
PRIVACY ALERT: Websites you visit can find out who you are
The following information is available to any site you visit:
Your IP Address:
Your Location:
Your Internet Provider:
This information can be used to target ads and monitor your internet usage.
Using a VPN will hide these details and protect your privacy.
We recommend using NordVPN - #1 of 42 VPNs in our tests. It offers outstanding privacy features and is currently available with three months extra free.
Visit NordVPN