http://www.chreos.co.nz/index.php/terms-conditions
HomeAbout UsProductsChreosWebsitesPDAsPayfireOur CustomersServicesBlogContact Us
Terms & Conditions
In these terms and conditions, “we” “us” and “our” refers to Wild Software Ltd. Your access to and use of all information on this is provided subject to the following terms and conditions.
We reserve the right to amend this Notice at any time and your use of the website following any amendments will represent your agreement to be bound by these terms and conditions as amended. We therefore recommend that each time you access our website you read these terms and conditions.
Product Descriptions
We strive to ensure that our products are described as accurately as possible on our website, however we do not warrant that the description is accurate. Where we become aware of any descriptive error, we reserve the right to correct any error or omission.
Images have been provided for illustrative purposes only and we do not guarantee that any image will reproduce in true colour nor that any given image will reflect or portray the full design or options relating to that product.
Site Access
When you visit our website, we give you a limited licence to access and use our information for personal use.
You are permitted to download a copy of the information on this website to your computer for your personal use only provided that you do not delete or change any copyright symbol, trade mark or other proprietary notice. Your use of our content in any other way infringes our intellectual property rights.
Except as permitted under the Copyright Act 1962, you are not permitted to copy, reproduce, republish, distribute or display any of the information on this website without our prior written permission.
The licence to access and use the information on our website does not include the right to use any data mining robots or other extraction tools. The licence also does not permit you to metatag or mirror our website without our prior written permission. We reserve the right to serve you with notice if we become aware of your metatag or mirroring of our website.
Hyperlinks
This website may from time to time contain hyperlinks to other websites. Such links are provided for convenience only and we take no responsibility for the content and maintenance of or privacy compliance by any linked website. Any hyperlink on our website to another website does not imply our endorsement, support, or sponsorship of the operator of that website nor of the information and/or products which they provide.
You may link our website without our consent. Any such linking will be entirely your responsibility and at your expense. By linking, you must not alter any of our website's contents including any intellectual property notices and you must not frame or reformat any of our pages, files, images, text or other materials.
Intellectual Property Rights
The copyright to all content on this website including applets, graphics, images, layouts and text belongs to us or we have a licence to use those materials.
All trade marks, brands and logos generally identified either with the symbols TM or ® which are used on this website are either owned by us or we have a licence to use them. Your access to our website does not license you to use those marks in any commercial way without our prior written permission.
Any comment, feedback, idea or suggestion (called “Comments”) which you provide to us through this website becomes our property. If in future we use your Comments in promoting our website or in any other way, we will not be liable for any similarities which may appear from such use. Furthermore, you agree that we are entitled to use your Comments for any commercial or non-commercial purpose without compensation to you or to any other person who has transmitted your Comments.
If you provide us with Comments, you acknowledge that you are responsible for the content of such material including its legality, originality and copyright.
Disclaimers
Whilst we have taken all due care in providing the information on our website, we do not provide any warranty either express or implied including without limitation warranties of title or implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose.
To the extent permitted by law, any condition or warranty which would otherwise be implied into these terms and conditions is excluded.
We also take all due care in ensuring that our website is free of any virus, worm, Trojan horse and/or malware, however we are not responsible for any damage to your computer system which arises in connection with your use of our website or any linked website.
From time to time we may host third party content on our website such as advertisements and endorsements belonging to other traders. Responsibility for the content of such material rests with the owners of that material and we are not responsible for any errors or omissions in such material.
Limitation of Liability
We accept no liability for any loss whatsoever including consequential loss suffered by you arising from services and/or product/s we have supplied.
Indemnity
By accessing our website, you agree to indemnify and hold us harmless from all claims, actions, damages, costs and expenses including legal fees arising from or in connection with your use of our website.
Force Majeure
If a Force Majeure event causing delay continues for more than Thirty days, we may terminate this Agreement by giving at least thirty days notice to you. “Force Majeure” means any act, circumstance or omission over which we could not reasonably have exercised control.
Jurisdiction
These terms and conditions are to be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of New Zealand and any claim made by either party against the other which in any way arises out of these terms and conditions will be heard in New Zealand and you agree to submit to the jurisdiction of those Courts.
If any provision in these terms and conditions is invalid under any law the provision will be limited, narrowed, construed or altered as necessary to render it valid but only to the extent necessary to achieve such validity. If necessary the invalid provision will be deleted from these terms and conditions and the remaining provisions will remain in full force and effect.
Privacy
We undertake to take all due care with any information which you may provide to us when accessing our website. However we do not warrant and cannot ensure the security of any information which you may provide to us. Information you transmit to us is entirely at your own risk although we undertake to take reasonable steps to preserve such information in a secure manner.
Our compliance with privacy legislation is set out in our separate Privacy Policy which may be accessed from our home page.
back to top
Our
Company
About UsChreos TeamOur HistoryOur Vision
Advice
Is Chreos For Us?SolutionsContact us
Popular
Items
What is ChreosThe Chreos InvestmentKey BenefitsSupport
What
Else
Web sitesGift VouchersLicencingContact Us
Chreos Business Solutions - Integrated for Growth (©) 2020 | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
Scroll to Top