http://www.ezetest.com/privacy1.htm
interpublishgroup - ezetest.com
home
e-mail
The Home
of
| enummi.com | ezetest.com | e-sbforum.com | billboardnet.com | bahia-online.com |
| buseast.com | subconnet.com | uniap.com | ezemoney.net | ezecredit.net |
| interpublishgroup |
In case you're interested in knowing more info on remove .osiris virus, stop by http://cfoc.org
If you are not interested in ts yazilim , then you have already missed a lot.
Are you looking for "Movers Long Island"? Check out libertymoving The passionate experts in this field are ready to answer all of your requests.
*	*
Privacy Policy
interpublishgroup's Online Privacy Policy Interpublishgroup
is committed to maintaining your confidence and trust,
and accordingly maintains the following privacy policy to
protect personal information you provide online.
Basic
Confidentiality Policy
It is
interpublishgroup's policy that personal information,
such as your name, postal and e-mail address or telephone
number, is private and confidential. Accordingly, the
personal information you provide is stored in a secure
location, is accessible only by designated staff,
and is used only for the purposes for which you
provide the information (such as to reply to your request
or to handle your order or informing you about new
products). For example, when you order a product, the
personal information you provide will be used to process
your order and add you to our client list for future
product information e-mails.
If you
also indicate that you will be interested about other
products we produce and sell, by having your information
added to our mail registration, you will be added to
appropriate mailing lists. You can indicate your desire
when completing a complaint form or when you send us
e-mail. If at any time you change your mind and would
like to add or remove your name from the mailing list, or
correct your personal information, please update the
appropriate mail registration (accessible from every page
on our site).
No
Release of Information to Third Parties
Personal
information will not be released to third parties except
to further the purpose for which you provide the
information, or if release is required by law or is
pertinent to judicial or governmental investigations or
proceedings. There are no other circumstances under
which we will provide or sell personal information to
third parties.
No
Computer Tracking of Identifiable Information
Our
computer is not set up to track, collect or distribute
personal information about its visitors. It does
recognize the home server of visitors, but not e-mail
addresses. For example, we can tell which Internet
Service Provider our visitors use, but not the names,
addresses or other information about our visitors that
would allow us to identify the particular visitors to our
sites. This information is used only for internal
purposes by interpublishgroup's technical support staff.
No personal information is collected.
In
addition, our web site tracks information about the
visits to our web sites. For example, we compile
statistics that show the daily number of visitors to our
sites, the daily requests we receive for particular files
on our web sites, and what countries those requests come
from. These aggregated statistics are used internally to
better provide services to our clients and to the public
and may also be provided to others, but again, the
statistics contain no personal information and cannot be
used to gather such information.
January 1, 2017
interpublishgroup - ezetest.com
*	*
*	*
*	*
*	*
Send e-mail to webmaster with questions or
comments about this web site.
Copyright ©ezetest.com™ and
InterPublishGroup™
All Rights Reserved
All Trademarks mentioned herein are recognised as
belonging to their owners