http://www.codesector.com/privacy
Products
Downloads
Purchase
Support
Blog
shopping_cart
homeProducts
get_appDownloads
paymentPurchase
live_helpSupport
dashboardBlog
shopping_cartCart
menu
Privacy Policy
Internet user privacy and confidentiality is important to Code Sector. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used.
Information collection and use
Code Sector is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to third parties in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement. Unless the user provides it voluntarily, Code Sector does not collect any personally identifiable information about visitors of the website. Some pages permit visitors to request additional information. Visitors are able to e-mail messages to Code Sector that will contain the user's name and e-mail address, as well as any additional information the user may wish to include in the message. Code Sector uses the information visitors provide about themselves to fulfil those visitors' requests. E-mail addresses are only used to answer received messages.
Information collected during purchase
When you place an order online with us, we use the online ordering services provided by PayPal and Avangate. Paypal is a respected and trusted Internet credit card merchant and is designed to protect both buyer and seller. You can review Paypal’s Privacy Policy here.
Sensor data collection in SpeedView
For users in North America, SpeedView may share your device’s precise geolocation and other details about your device (like hardware characteristics, a variety of sensor data, and a list of installed third-party applications) with our partner Sense360 on an ongoing basis, including when the apps are closed. This information is sent with the device’s advertising identifier or another unique device-specific code. Sense360 may use all of this information for market research and other research regarding aggregated patterns, and as further described in its
Privacy Policy, which has more detail on the entire process. For example, Sense360 analyzes restaurant visit trends to better serve its customers’ needs. You can use your device settings to (i) disable or limit precise geolocation collection for the entire device (which will affect some device functionality) or just particular apps (which may affect the functionality of this app) and/or (ii) disable or limit use of the advertising identifier (which will block that identifier’s transmission to Sense360).
Log files
We use IP addresses and domain names to analyze trends and administer the site. IP addresses and domain names are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Links
This website may contain links to other sites. Please be aware that Code Sector is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by Code Sector website.
Security
Given the nature of the Internet and the fact that no security system is perfect, Code Sector cannot promise that the information you provide will never be obtained by unauthorized persons. Code Sector does, however, utilize industry-standard practices to protect your personally identifiable information from loss, misuse, alteration and destruction. Such measures include using firewalls and security layers to protect certain sensitive transmissions of information. In some areas of our website, we require a user ID and password for you to access certain information. Code Sector will not disclose such passwords to third parties; however, you are responsible for maintaining the privacy and security of your password.
Notification of changes
Code Sector reserves the right to change our privacy policy from time to time. If Code Sector decides to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on our homepage so our users are always aware of what information we collect from them, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose this information to third parties. If at any point Code Sector decides that we wish to use personally identifiable information collected from our users in a manner that differs from that stated at the time this information was collected, we will notify users by way of an email. Users will have a choice whether or not to consent to our using their personal information in accordance with our updated privacy policy.