http://www.thewebdesigner.com.au/privacy-policy.html
HomePortfolioWhat we doWho we areProductsTalk to us
Privacy Policy
Home >
> Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy has been created in order to disclose to you, the user, the information collection, use and disclosure for this Website, www.thewebdesigner.com.au.
This policy is in addition to the Terms of Use and Conditions governing the Website and should be read in conjunction with those Terms of Use and Conditions.
All enquiries regarding this policy should be directed in the first instance to the Privacy Officer at:
The Web Designer Suite 4 75A Chapel Street
Windsor Victoria 3181 Australia
Ph: +613 9510 7477 Email: info@thewebdesigner.com.au
You acknowledge that The Web Designer collects and processes “personal information” (i.e. information that we can contact you with) or “demographic and usage information” (i.e. information that you submit, or that we collect, that is not personal information but is necessary for the proper functioning and billing of our service). We may pass on your personal information to your mobile phone service provider to secure collection of fees. Further, we may pass on your information to governmental agencies, including but not limited to courts and district attorneys’ offices for legal proceedings and the prevention of crimes. Collection of Personal Information
We take your electronic privacy seriously. While we are the sole owner of the information we gather on the Website, we will not share any of your information with any outside party without your explicit consent unless we are required by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary in order to conform to the edicts of the law, cooperate with law enforcement or other government agencies, or comply with a legal process served on the Website, or court orders. We may pass on your personal information to your mobile phone service provider to secure collection of fees.
There are three kinds of information that The Web Designer obtains about you
Aggregate Information: Aggregate Information is anonymous data that Websites use to analyse trends, administer the Website, diagnose problems on the sites and communication networks, track users' movement, gather broad demographic information for aggregate use and to help improve the quality of the web pages. It may be your domain name, your IP address, or mobile phone network provider. None of this information is connected with Personally Identifiable Information.
Personally Identifiable Information: Personally Identifiable Information is any information that personally identifies you. When you request and order, or place an enquiry from our website The Web Designer collects your contact details. This information is mandatory so that we are able to record the progress and the request of your order or enquiry, there will be additional information required to join the The Web Designer membership club. As a The Web Designer member you will be offered promotions as they come available. We also record other information including responses to promotions. Whenever a page is requested from our web server, we record the time, date and URL of the request, along with information on the browser software that is being used. This information is collected to provide valuable research in better understanding the preferences of our members and to enable us to better target our communications, including promotions
Use and Disclosure:  We may share Aggregate Information with our partners and advertisers. We will not share your Personally Identifiable Information with any third party unless we have obtained your expressed consent to do so. An "opt-out" option will always be made available to you with all communication.
Our use for your Personally Identifiable Information can include:
To notify you of upcoming promotions;
To identify you if you are subscribed to the The Web Designer.
We will not disclose any Personally Identifiable Information about you without your express consent unless we believe it is necessary:
Where it is required by law;
To provide you with services which you have requested;
Administer and manage those services, including charging, billing and collecting debts;
To implement our terms of service;
To protect our rights or property or those of any Website user, or any member of the public;
To lessen a serious threat to a person's health or safety;
Website Service Updates;
For the purposes set out above we may disclose your personal information to organisations outside The Web Designer. Where appropriate, these disclosures are subject to privacy and confidentiality protections. The organisations to which we disclose information include:
Outsourced service providers who manage the services we provide to you, including:
mailing systems;
billing and debt-recovery functions;
information technology services;
your representatives (e.g. your authorised representatives or legal advisers);
credit-reporting and fraud-checking agencies;
credit providers for credit related purposes such as creditworthiness, credit rating, credit provision and financing;
our professional advisers, including our accountants, auditors and lawyers;
government and regulatory authorities and other organisations, as required or authorised by law;
Other telecommunication and information service providers; and our related companies.
Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data stored on your hard drive containing information about you. The use of cookies on Websites is a common industry standard. Cookies act as unique identifiers, used to distinguish different members. They enable us to track and target your interests to enhance your experience on our site. Once you log out of your browser, the cookie simply terminates. Please note that even after we have terminated a cookie, remnants of that cookie may remain on your computer. These remnants are normally inactive.
Our business partners may use cookies on the Website (for example, advertisers). However, we have no access to or control over these cookies or any information collected by these business partners.
We may use cookies when we conduct voting polls, surveys, and contests to limit multiple responses and registrations.
We will never use cookies to retrieve information from your computer that was not originally sent by us to you in a cookie.
As most browsers automatically accept cookies, you can modify your browser to refuse cookies or to alert you when cookies are being sent. By modifying your browser, it is possible that some parts of the site, such as the voting polls, surveys, contest, and game areas, will not function to their full capacity
Data Quality and Security of Personal Information:
We take reasonable precautions to protect your security. We use encryption technology to ensure information is protected when being sent over the Internet. Unfortunately, there is always a risk involved in sending information through any channel including the Internet and you do so entirely at your own risk.
Authorised employees and contractors will have limited access to your personal information where it is necessary to enable them to perform relative functions. The Web Designer and our associated agencies and companies are obliged to respect the confidentiality of any personal information held by us.
Links to Third Party Websites:
This Website may contain links to other sites where we cannot be held responsible for the privacy practices of these sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site to read the privacy statements of each and every Website that collects Personally Identifiable Information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Website.
Notification of Changes to Privacy Policy:
Any amendments to this Privacy Policy will be posted on the Website so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.
Additional Privacy Information:
Further information on the National Privacy Principals (NPPs) and The Privacy Amendment (Private Sector) Act 2002; visit the Australian Federal Privacy Commissioner's Website at www.privacy.gov.au.
HomePortfolioWhat we doWho we areProductsTalk to usNews
Terms of Use - Privacy Policy
Web Designers; Websites & mobile sites
If you're looking for an experienced digital agency for
web design and development then talk to us now.
Let's chat about the possibilities.
Products, CMS; Shopping Carts
One of Australia’s most powerful shopping carts. A flexible robust ecommerce solution packed with features.
A powerful content management system CMS that allows you to update your content 24/7 from anywhere in the world with internet access.