https://www.voxco.com/privacy-policy/
MENUMENUPRODUCTSVOXCO RESEARCH CLOUDONLINE/ OFFLINEOnlineMobile OfflineTELEPHONYCATICloud/On-premise dialerIVRINSIGHTS CENTERAnalyticsPanel ManagerSOLUTIONSVOXCO SOLUTIONSINDUSTRIESEnterpriseFinanceGovernmentHealthcareHospitalityInsuranceRetailROLESCustomer Experience/ VoCEmployee Experience/ VoEMarket researchProduct ExperienceSocial ResearchRESOURCESBlogThe Voxco Guide to Customer ExperienceProfessional servicesTry a sample surveyFree Survey ToolCX Strategy & Management HubOUR CLIENTSClientsClient StoriesCOMPANYAboutPartnersTeamCareers at VoxcoContact Us
Book a DemoPrivacy PolicyLast update: October 23, 2020, V 4.6IntroductionVoxco is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. When you visit our website, use our products and services, or otherwise interact with Voxco we may collect and process information about you (‘personal data’). This privacy policy outlines how Voxco handles your personal data and your rights to that data. Who we areVoxco is a provider of survey software to market and social research organizations, insights departments, universities, and governments. As a general course of business we may collect personal data from clients, system users, job applicants, individuals who fill out forms on our website or a website using our software (herein a ‘client website’), or have asked for information about our products and services via other means, and those wishing to provide services to Voxco. In these situations we are the ‘Data Controller’ (i.e. the party that determines what data should be collected and how it will be used).This privacy policy applies to Voxco as a Data Controller and covers the processing activities of all its legal entities and operating locations.   To obtain more information or contact Voxco, please see the “Additional Information” section at the end of this policy for our contact locations. Data collected by us or our clientsVoxco clients use our software to gather survey answers from individuals. All of our products are provided through a self-service platform, whereby our clients decide what data to collect, how to manage the data and which of their system users should have access to the data. In this regard, our clients, who own and control the data they collect, are the Data Controllers; while Voxco is the Data Processor (we only process personal data based on direct and specific instructions from our clients).If you participated in a web or mobile survey from one of our clients, the survey footer may state ‘powered by Voxco’ and the data may be hosted on a Voxco-provided server environment.  Please note that regardless of those aspects, it is the Voxco client who is solely responsible for all decisions regarding any personal data they collect about or from you in the survey. For information on how a Voxco client intends to use your data (and to see their privacy policy) please contact the Voxco client from whom you received the survey invitation.Furthermore, please note that Voxco may aggregate and/or compile anonymous data for statistical purposes. This information could be collected from forms on our website or on a client website. The information we collectThe personal information gathered by Voxco falls into three main categories: (1) any information you actively provide to Voxco, and (2) information we collect through other means and (3) anonymous information we collect for statistical purposes. Information you provide usThe specific personal information you provide to us may vary depending on your interaction and relationship with Voxco.  We may collect and process the following type of information from you and use it in accordance with this privacy policy:Your name, gender, job title/role and professional contact details (e.g. phone number, email and company, office address); Any other personal information that you actively share with us through one of the following means: filling out forms on our website (www.voxco.com) or related webpages, filling out forms of Voxco’s survey on our website or on a client  website (ex. free survey tools etc.), by sending an email, participating in an online chat, by providing information in any applications that we use for technical support, by leaving voice mails, or other means; Purchasing and payment information, including any credit card and banking information that you provide Voxco to process payment; If you visit our offices, you may be required to sign-in at our security desk by providing your name, contact information and other credentials; Your CV (curriculum vitae) or portfolio of work that you send us as part of a job application at Voxco; Any other information you provide us that may be relevant to your relationship with Voxco and that enables us to provide you products, services and information.  Information we may collect from other sourcesIn addition to information you provide us, we may also collect information from third parties and via automated means from our website (described below).The sources and type of personal information includes:Third party sources: occasionally, we may collect personal information about you from publicly available sources such as, for example, Google and LinkedIn; as well as from third parties including our partners or supply chain members. Your employer: if you are an employee of a Voxco client (active or previous client), any personal information (e.g. email) that your employer gives to Voxco in order to provide you system access to your company’s Voxco account or other Voxco resources; or, similarly, if you are an employee of a company to whom Voxco is providing product information, demos or other communication, any of your contact information that your employer provides to Voxco in order to give you said information, product demonstration or other communication. Website usage information: like most website operators, Voxco collects certain information automatically about our website traffic in order to optimize the visitor experience and continually improve our website. Specifically, when you visit our website (www.voxco.com) and any associated webpages, we may collect the following about your interaction with the site: URLs of our web pages that you visited, URLs of referring and exiting pages, page views, time spent on a page, number of clicks, platform type, location data and other information about how you used the website. Device information: when you use our website (www.voxco.com) we collect, by automated means, technical information such as IP address or other device identifier, geolocation data, and operating system version. Samples: when you download our sample mobile app or participate in a sample survey, we may automatically collect information about your device (computer or mobile device). Information we may collect for statistical purposesVoxco may aggregate and/or compile anonymous data for statistical purposes. We may collect and process the following type of information from a user of Voxco’s survey tool, whether on our website or  a client website:Industry Main reason for visiting the website; Feedback about the website; Ability to accomplish the task needed by visiting the website; Overall satisfaction about the website; How likely the user is to refer the website to a friend or colleague; Any other anonymous information filled out on Voxco’s forms or otherwise using Voxco’s software. In using Voxco’s free website satisfaction survey and in participating to this survey, you consent that Voxco could aggregate and/or compile anonymous data for statistic purposes.[A1] How we use your informationThe data we collect about you is exclusively for Voxco’s use. We keep your information strictly confidential and never sell your information to others. Furthermore, we only share your information if we have your consent, or if required to meet legal and contractual service obligations. We limit access to your personal information to those at Voxco who have a legitimate business need to view it.  All our employees are contractually bound to privacy and confidentiality obligations.However, Voxco may aggregate and/or compile anonymous data for statistic purposes and could share it with its clients and any other person, at its sole discretion.[A2]  Usage purposeVoxco only processes personal information where you have provided consent, Voxco has a legitimate interest, or due to legal/contractual obligations. However, Voxco could aggregate and/or compile anonymous data for statistical purposes and could share it with its clients and any other person, for any purpose, at Voxco’s sole discretion.[A3]  The processing purposes include:To ensure that our website is presented in the optimal manner for you; To fulfill our obligation in providing you with information, products, and services (including training) that you request from us; To provide you with product demonstrations, videos, sample surveys, mobile apps, information or proposals for future services that you requested, or may be interested in; To carry out our obligations stemming from any contracts between you and Voxco; including processing for billing purposes or for payment transactions through service providers; To meet legal, security, and regulatory requirements; and to protect against fraudulent, suspicious, or other illegal activities; To establish and maintain general communications with you, including to notify you about changes to our products and services.  How long we store your personal informationVoxco will store your personal information only for as long as it is needed to fulfill the purpose for which it was collected. Retention periods can vary based on criteria that include: scope of purpose, contract requirements, operational needs, legal reasons and archiving requirements. We will delete or depersonalize any personal information once it is no longer needed or if you send us a written request to do so. Where we store your personal informationThe majority of the personal data that Voxco collects through forms on our website, or directly from customers of Voxco, is stored in the Customer Relationship Management (CRM) system we use, namely Salesforce.com. This company is a global leader in CRM services and is certified under the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework. Their privacy statement and certification can be found at: www.salesforce.com/ca/company/privacy/. Voxco has concluded a Data Processing Agreement with SalesForceWe also use Unbounce and Bizible. We have a DPA with Unbounce. For Bizible, the information regarding their cookies is documented here: https://docs.marketo.com/display/BIZ/Bizible+CookiesThe resource for details on Bizible’s privacy policy: https://www.bizible.com/privacy-policyOther personal data may occasionally be stored and processed at our local offices. With whom we share your personal informationVoxco only processes your personal information for its own purposes – we do not sell nor use your data for commercial purposes. However, Voxco could aggregate and/or compile anonymous data for statistical purposes and could share it with its clients or any other person, at Voxco’s sole discretion, [A4] including, but without limitation, with the owner of a client website you visited and business competitors of such client website owner.Voxco relies on a limited number of third-party service providers to assist us with our business activities.  These entities may process some of your personal information in connection with the services they provide on our behalf. They do so under instructions from Voxco and are bound by contractual obligations to provide adequate protection of your data in line with regulatory requirements.These third parties may include:Companies that provide Voxco with key services in fulfilling our business obligations, such: CRM system provider, data server hosting, IT & infrastructure services, video hosting, marketing services,  etc. Sub-contractors who, under confidentiality engagement with Voxco, help us augment the support and professional services we provide to clients; Financial and other type of institutions that provide Voxco with billing, payment and financial insurance services; Our partners who may provide you ancillary or complementary information, services and products.   If required to comply with any legal obligations, including national security or law enforcement requirements, we may share our personal information with third parties.  And if we are involved in an acquisition, sale, or merger, we may transfer some or all of your personal data to such a third party. Manage your personal informationYou can control the personal information we have about you in several ways. Cookie policyWhat are cookies?A cookie is a small text file that a website saves on your computer or mobile device when you visit the site. It enables the website to remember your actions and preferences (such as language, font size and other display preferences) over a period of time, so you don’t have to keep re-entering them whenever you come back to the site or browse from one page to another. How do we use cookies?Voxco uses ‘session cookies’ (which are erased when you close your browser) and ‘permanent’ cookies to recognize repeat visits.  The use of these cookies helps Voxco improve your browsing experience and evaluate website behavior at the aggregate level. We use this information exclusively for internal purposes and we do not share this information with other parties.Some of our service providers may also use cookies of their own, over which Voxco does not have control. These include the collection of information for analytics and advertising, to provide social media features, to improve your browsing experience (videos and types) and to ensure the service of a live chat. How to control cookies?You can modify your browser settings to decline or control cookies as you wish. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to experience our website as intended and to the full functionality. Opt-out of communicationsVoxco occasionally sends marketing emails to provide information about new products, services and features. You may opt-out of receiving such communications by using the unsubscribe link included in the footer within each email, or by contacting us at one of the addresses provided below.Note that our system users cannot opt-out of transactional communication regarding active services that are relevant for the business relationship they have with Voxco (e.g. maintenance emails, release notes). Your rights to your personal dataYou have certain rights over your personal data that Voxco collects and processes. These rights, subject to local data protection laws, may include the following rights:to be informed about the purpose for which your data is being collected;to access your personal data held by us;to have incorrect or incomplete personal data corrected;to erase/delete your personal data to the extent permitted by other legal obligations;to restrict Voxco’s future processing of your personal data;to transfer your personal data to another controller to the extent possible;to object to any processing of your personal data carried out on the basis of our legitimate interests.To exercise your rights, please contact us at one of the Voxco addresses listed below or write to us at privacy@voxco.com.  Depending on the complexity of the request, we aim to address all requests within 30 days of receipt. Voxco certification under Privacy ShieldVoxco (Groupe Voxco) complies with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use and retention of personal information transferred from the European Union, the United Kingdom and Switzerland to the United States. Voxco has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles of Notice, Choice, Accountability for Onward Transfer, Security, Data Integrity and Purpose Limitation, Access, and Recourse, Enforcement and Liability. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern.A goal of the Privacy Shield program is to inform European and Swiss individuals about their rights with regards to their personal data that is transferred from the European Union, the United Kingdom and Switzerland to the United States. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program please access: https://www.privacyshield.gov.Voxco provides products through a self-service platform, whereby our clients are the Data Controller and Voxco, as a Data Processor, only treats data based on instructions from our clients. Data that our European SaaS clients collect using Voxco’s survey tools, are stored on servers in the European Union, unless the clients requests a different location.Where Voxco, acting as a Data Controller, collects data about you it is for the purposes listed here and only shared as described here.In cases of onward transfer to third parties of data of EU individuals received pursuant to the EU-US Privacy Shield, Voxco is potentially liable. Voxco has DPA agreements with all third-party system providers such as Salesforce and Unbounce where EU resident data might be transferred. To obtain additional InformationVoxco is fully committed to addressing inquires and resolving any complaints you raise to us in a timely and appropriate manner. To exercise your rights to your data, or obtain additional information about this privacy policy and Voxco‘s handling of your personal data, you may email us at privacy@voxco.com or contact us at one of the addresses below.If you live in the EEA (European Economic Area):Voxco France66, rue Escudier92100 Boulogne-BillancourtFRANCE +33 (0) 1 77 70 00 50If you live outside the European Economic Area:Group Voxco1440 St. Catherine Street WestSuite 900Montreal, Quebec, H3G 1R8CANADA +1 514 861-9255European GDPR – complaintsIf you believe Voxco is not processing your personal information according to this privacy policy or applicable EEA data protection laws, including GDPR, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the relevant supervisory authority under which Voxco is registered – the CNIL in France.  You can find details and their contact information at the following website http://www.cnil.fr/en/home. US-EU Privacy Shield – complaintsIf you are a European or Swiss resident and have unresolved concerns about the manner in which Voxco maintains or uses your data under Privacy Shield, please contact the Insights Association (see link below) for more information and to file a complaint. These dispute resolution services are provided at no cost to you.The INISGHTS ASSOCIATION PRIVACY SHIELD PROGRAM is a non-profit alternative dispute resolution provider located in the United States and operated by the Insights Association.http://www.insightsassociation.org/get-support/privacy-shield-program/privacy-shield-eu-swiss-citizens-file-complaintIf neither Voxco nor our resolution provider resolves your complaint, you may have the possibility to invoke binding arbitration before the Privacy Shield Panel.As per Privacy Shield, Voxco is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission (FTC). Additional privacy aspectsPrivacy of minorsWe do not knowingly provide this website for anyone under the age of 16.  Those who are less than 16 years of age should not use our website. Links to other websitesAs a service to our website visitors, we may provide links to other (non-Voxco) websites. Any such links are provided solely for your convenience. Voxco is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of any third-party websites. We encourage you to read their privacy policies prior to providing any personal data. Changes to this privacy policyVoxco reserves the right to modify this privacy policy at any time.  Any future changes we make to our privacy policy will be posted on this page on our website (www.voxco.com). If we make changes we will modify the date with “Last Updated” date at the top of this privacy policy.  Shopping Basket
English
French
German
English Explore the Customer Experience Management Hub for the latest insights! Go to the Hub
We use cookies in our website to give you the best browsing experience and to tailor advertising. By continuing to use our website, you give us consent to the use of cookies. Find out more - https://www.voxco.com/privacy-policy/Accept