https://www.ptr.co.uk/privacy
Privacy
You are here
Our Privacy Policy
The Privacy policy below describes how PTR collects and uses information about its customers and website visitors (You or The Users).
Type of Information Collected
PTR collects different types of personally identifiable information in order to be able to provide its services to You. Such information may include but is not limited to name, mailing address, telephone numbers, email addresses, credit card information and other. Users provide all such information voluntarily through various order forms, email messages sent to PTR, LiveChat, telephone, etc.
PTR also collects different types of non-personally identifiable information that may include referral URL's, Users' IP addresses, Users' use of website, information about the browsers used by the User, etc. Some of this information is collected through Cookies, which are small pieces of data that are sent to your browser from a web server and are stored on your computer's hard drive and help PTR identify you as the User. You have the choice to modify your browser and thus to reject the Company's cookies.
Use of Personal Information
PTR uses all collected information primarily for provisioning the services you have ordered and providing you with ongoing User support. We may also use your information for sending periodic emails announcing changes in the services we provide, new services, training courses or products, technical & training updates and news, promotional activities, etc. You can decide NOT to receive such emails by replying to any of them by clicking on the "Unsubscribe" link in the email. User information may also be used for improving PTR’s business processes to make your overall user experience more rewarding.
Disclosure of Personal Information
All personal information collected by PTR is treated as strictly confidential and PTR will not trade, rent or sell it. We will not share a user's personal information unless required to do so by law. We may disclose part of Users' personal information to our business partners, independent contractors or other third parties when this is required in order to provide the services you have ordered. For example: your Credit card information may be provided for payment confirmation and verification to the partnering entity involved in processing your payment. The use of any data provided by PTR to these partnering service providers is governed by their own Privacy Policies and is beyond PTR’s control. Furthermore, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, whilst we take every measure to use reliably secure means, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
PTR may transfer Users' personal information in the event of a sale of the company's business.
Changes to this policy
PTR reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time. Such changes will become effective and binding after their posting on their website. You agree to regularly review this Privacy Policy for revisions and updates. By continuing to use PTR’s services and website after any posted revision, you agree to those changes.
Address: 21a Peach Street, Wokingham, Reading, RG40 1XJ
Email: info@ptr.co.uk
Hear From Us
Let us keep you up to date with new technologies, services, events & courses, along with fantastic special offers and late availability discounts.
Email Address *
First Name
Last Name
Position
Accredited By
© Copyright 2019. All Rights Reserved.
Privacy
Sitemap
Contact