http://www.lfchosting.com/privacy-statement/
Privacy Statement
WE'RE FIERCELY PROTECTIVE OF YOUR PRIVACY
Loose Foot Computing Limited, hereinafter referred to as LFC, is concerned with the privacy of on-line communications and web sites. In general, the Internet is neither more nor less secure than other means of communication, including mail, facsimile, and voice telephone service, all of which can be intercepted and otherwise compromised. As a matter of prudence, however, LFC urges its customers (also known as subscribers)to assume that all of their on-line communications are insecure. LFC cannot take any responsibility for the security of information transmitted over LFC’s facilities.
LFC will not intentionally monitor private electronic mail messages sent or received by its subscribers unless required to do so by law, governmental authority, or when public safety is at stake. LFC may, however, monitor its service electronically to determine that its facilities are operating satisfactorily. Furthermore, LFC may disclose information, including but not limited to, information concerning a subscriber, a transmission made using our network, or a web site, in order to comply with a court order, subpoena, summons, discovery request, warrant, statute, regulation, or governmental request. LFC assumes no obligation to inform the subscriber that information has been provided and in some cases may be prohibited by law from giving such notice. Finally, LFC may disclose subscriber information or information transmitted over its network where necessary to protect LFC and others from harm, or where such disclosure is necessary to the proper operation of the system.
A subscriber’s use of LFC’s services constitutes the subscriber’s acceptance of all LFC policies, including but not limited to, its Terms of Service, Acceptable Use Policy and Privacy Statement. LFC reserves the right to revise its policies at any time without notice. A subscriber’s use of LFC services subsequent to policy changes posted on LFC’s web site, www.lfchosting.com, constitutes the subscriber’s acceptance of any additional or modified terms that result from those changes.
LFC expects that its subscribers who provide hosting or other Internet services will comply fully with all applicable laws concerning the privacy of on-line communications. A subscriber’s failure to comply with those laws will violate LFC policy.
Finally, LFC wishes to emphasize that in using any LFC service, subscribers indemnify LFC for any violation of the service agreement, law, or LFC policy, that results in loss to LFC or the bringing of any claim against LFC by any third-party. This means that if LFC is sued because of a subscriber’s or customer of a subscriber’s activity, the subscriber will pay any damages awarded against LFC, plus costs and reasonable attorneys’ fees.
Any complaints about a subscriber’s violation of LFC’s policies should be directed to abuse@lfchosting.com.
CONNECT WITH US
Our Blog
Food truck artisan cillum voluptate umami Austin quis, viral asymmetrical freegan occaecat swag skateboard
READ MORE
Testimonials
Food truck artisan cillum voluptate umami Austin quis, viral asymmetrical freegan occaecat swag skateboard
READ MORE
Contact Us
Food truck artisan cillum voluptate umami Austin quis, viral asymmetrical freegan occaecat swag skateboard
READ MORE
Login
Cancel
Forgot username or password?