http://www.quentinsagerconsulting.com/termsofuse.htm
Toggle navigationQuentin Sager Consulting™
Telephone Data Products NALENND® NPA NXX DatabasesLocal Calling Area DatabaseTelephone Number Type IdentifierUnited States NPA NXX to ZIP CodeCanadian NPA NXX to Postal CodeITED™ International TelephoneUnited States, Canada, Mexico
Postal Code Data Products United States ZIP CodesZIP+4 Multi-County DatabaseCanadian Postal CodesUnited States & Canada CombinedCombined United States, Canada, Mexico
Lookups Area Code & Prefix by LocationNPA NXX Basic LookupNPA NXX Advanced LookupNPA NXX Historical ChangesNPA NXX to ZIP CodeLocal Calling AreasWireless Number ScrubberNorth American Area CodesContact Us Sign In
HomeTerms of UseTerms of Use
Your use of our website ("Site") is subject to these Terms of Use ("Terms"). We may modify these Terms at any time without notice to you by posting revised Terms on our Site. Your use of this Site constitutes your acceptance of these Terms, including any modifications that we may make.
Accuracy and Completeness of Information
While Quentin Sager Consulting Inc. strives to ensure that the information contained on this Site is accurate and reliable, Quentin Sager Consulting Inc. makes no warranties as to the accuracy, correctness or completeness of any such information and assumes no liability or responsibility for any omissions or errors in the content of this Site. Quentin Sager Consulting Inc. reserves the right to revise the information contained on this Site at any time, in its sole discretion without any obligation to notify past, current or prospective visitors.
Your Use of this Site
You may download or otherwise access certain content that appears on this Site for your personal use, provided you do not remove or modify any copyright, trademark or other proprietary notices. You expressly agree that no right, title or interest in any downloaded or otherwise accessed materials is transferred to you as a result of such downloading or copying.
Quentin Sager Consulting Inc. explicitly retains the right to restrict or otherwise regulate access to any and all content and/or electronic services offered on or through this Site.
You are solely responsible for adequate protection and backup of the data and equipment used in connection with any information downloaded from this Site and Quentin Sager Consulting Inc. will not be liable for any damages that you may suffer as a result of such download.
Privacy Policy
Quentin Sager Consulting's use of any personal data you submit to the Site is governed by the Site's Privacy Policy.
Disclaimers
Your use of this Site is at your sole risk and the Site is provided on an "As Is" basis. Quentin Sager Consulting Inc. expressly disclaims any warranty of any kind, whether express or implied, as to any matter whatsoever relating to this Site, including without limitation the implied warranty of merchantability and/or fitness for a particular purpose or non-infringement. If you download or copy any material from this Site, you do so at your sole discretion and risk and consequently you will be responsible for any damage to your computer system or loss of data that results from the download or copying of any material or software.
Products and Services
All products (including software) and services of Quentin Sager Consulting Inc. may only be accessed and used pursuant to a separate product or service agreement. If you have accessed such products or services prior to entering into a separate product or service agreement, such access is in violation of the Terms of this Site. You shall immediately cease using such services or delete any such products from your computer or server until such time as you become an authorized user of such products or services.
Limitation of Liability
In no event will Quentin Sager Consulting Inc. be liable for any direct, indirect, punitive, special, incidental or consequential damages however they may arise, whether in an action of contract, negligence or other tortious action, arising out of or in connection with the: (i) use of the information contained on this Site; (ii) use of software
downloaded from this Site; or (iii) for the failure to provide services, or information available from this Site, even if Quentin Sager Consulting Inc. has been previously advised of the possibility of such damages.
Indemnification
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold Quentin Sager Consulting Inc. harmless from and against any and all third party claims, damages, costs and expenses, including reasonable attorney's fees arising from or related to your use of this Site.
Links to Third Party Sites
Any links to third party sites are provided as a convenience to you. Quentin Sager Consulting Inc. has no control over third party sites, is not responsible for the contents of these sites and makes no representations or warranties with respect to these linked sites. Your viewing and use of any third party sites is at your sole discretion and risk.
Related Information
About Us
Our Clients
Privacy Policy
Copyright & Trademarks
"as is" Warranty Statement
Electronic Payments