http://www.codemorphis.com/privacy.php?cid=d8d19880229332d6fc32404d8a02ccc4
Home » Privacy Notice
My Account  |  Cart Contents  |  Checkout
Products
Introducing SynopsisSynopsis DemosDownload SynopsisSCPs
Services
Consulting
Community
FAQForumsLog In
Company
About CodeMorphisContact UsLinks
Other
Conditions of UsePrivacy NoticeSynopsis White PaperSurvey Site Map
Privacy Notice
CodeMorphis knows that you
care how information about you is used and shared, and we appreciate your trust
and want you to feel confident in our services and security as it relates to your
personal information. This notice describes our privacy policy. By visiting CodeMorphis, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Notice.
What Personal
Information About Members Does CodeMorphis Gather?
The information we learn
from members helps us to personalize and continually improve our products and services. Here are the types of information we gather.
Information You Give
Us: We receive and store any information you enter on our Web site or
give us in any other way. You can choose not to provide certain information,
but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of our features.
We use the information that you provide for such purposes as responding to
your requests, fulfilling orders, customizing future visits to your profile, improving
our product features, and communication with you.
Automatic Information:
We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with
our website. For example, like many web sites, we sometimes use "cookies,"
and we obtain certain types of information when your Web browser accesses
our website.
E-mail Communications:
To help us make e-mails more productive to improve service and your membership
experience, we sometimes send you newsletters of our services and products,
notifications of changes to our policies, and order confirmations. If you
do not want to receive e-mail from us, other than order notifications and
receipts, please adjust your "Subscription" preferences by logging
into your account.
What About
Cookies?
Cookies are alphanumeric
identifier text files that we transfer to your computers hard drive through
your Web browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser and to provide
features such as storage of items in your Shopping Cart between visits.
Does CodeMorphis Share the Information It Receives?
We respect your privacy
and appreciate your business. At no time do we ever provide your account contact
or payment information to any third party vendor, associate or service provider
unless absolutely neccessary in order to complete your transaction and order. CodeMorphis has strict rules against spamming.
How Secure
Is Information About Me?
We work to protect the security
of your information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL)
software, which encrypts information you provide to us for purchasing of our
products or services. We reveal only the last five digits of your credit card
numbers when confirming an order. Of course, we transmit the entire credit card
number to the appropriate credit card company during order processing. It is
important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and
to your computer. Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer
by clicking the "log off" link located in the side menu.
Which
Information Can I Access?
CodeMorphis gives you access
to a broad range of information about your account and your interactions with
us for the limited purpose of viewing and, in certain cases, updating that information.
Conditions
of Use, Notices, and Revisions
If you choose to visit CodeMorphis, your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Notice and
our Conditions of Use, including limitations on damages, arbitration of disputes,
and application of the law of the state of our local state. If you have any
concern about privacy of your personal information as used and collected within
our website, please send us a thorough description by clicking on the &quotContact
Us" link on the side menu, and we will try to resolve it.
Our business changes constantly,
and our Privacy Notice and the Conditions of Use will change also. We may e-mail
periodic reminders of our notices and conditions, unless you have instructed
us not to, but you should check our Web site frequently to see recent changes.
Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Notice applies to all information
that we have about you and your account. We stand behind the promises we make,
however, and will never materially change our policies and practices to make
them less protective of customer information collected in the past without the
consent of affected customers.
Information You Give
Us
You provide most such information
when you search, buy, order, post reviews, or other methods of communication
via our website or email to CodeMorphis. As a result of those actions, you might
supply us with such information as your name, address, and phone numbers, and
credit card information.
Automatic
Information
For security purposes CodeMorphis sometimes collects and analyzes the Internet protocol (IP) address used
to connect your computer to the Internet, and to our website. This is done for
your protection for tracking purposes in the unfortunate event that someone
gains access to your personal or financial information and opens an account,
or makes purchases under your name.
Questions
Questions regarding our
Conditions of Usage, Privacy Policy, or other policy related material can be
directed to our support staff by clicking on the "Contact Us" link
in the side menu. That contact link is also available here.
Currencies
Canadian DollarsEurosUK PoundsUS Dollars
Shopping Cart
0 items
Copyright © 2003-2009 CodeMorphis