https://www.voxengo.com/privacy-policy/
Support
Shopping Cart
Log in or Sign up
Black Friday, Cyber Monday, End-Of-Year 2020 Sale | Discount: 25% OFF
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY AND PROTECTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
Vaneev Aleksey Valerievich (“Aleksey Vaneev” or “Voxengo”) is committed to protecting your privacy.  This privacy statement explains data collection and use practices of the Voxengo.com site (the “Site”).  By accessing the Site, you are consenting to the information collection and use practices described in this privacy statement.
We will ask you when we need information that personally identifies you (personal information) or allows us to contact you to provide a service or carry out a transaction that you have requested such as receiving information about Voxengo products and services, entering a contest, ordering e-mail newsletters, signing up for a group (bonus) buy, or when purchasing, downloading and/or registering/authorizing Voxengo products.  The personal information we collect may include your name, title, company or organization name, work e-mail, work phone, work or home address.
The Site may collect certain information about your visit, such as the name of the Internet service provider, the name of the browser, operating system, language setting and screen resolution you are using, and the Internet Protocol (IP) address through which you access the Internet; the date and time you access the Site; the pages that you access while at the Site and the Internet address of the Web site from which you linked directly to our site.  This information is used to help improve the site, analyze trends and administer the site.
The personal information collected on this Site will be used to operate the Site and to provide the service(s) or carry out the transaction(s) you have requested or authorized.
In support of these uses, Voxengo may use personal information to provide you with more effective customer service, to improve the Site and any related Voxengo products or services, and to make the Site easier to use by eliminating the need for you to repeatedly enter the same information or by customizing the Site to your particular preference or interests.
We may use your personal information to provide you with important information about the product or service that you are using, including critical updates and notifications.
Except as otherwise described in this statement, personal information you provide on the Site will not be shared outside of Voxengo and its controlled subsidiaries and affiliates without your permission.
Voxengo.com may send out periodic e-mails informing you of technical service or security issues related to a product or service you requested, or confirming you requested a product or service.
Voxengo is committed to protecting the security of your personal information.  We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure.  For example, the Site anonymizes your IP address before storing it in the Site's database.
USE OF COOKIES
We use cookies on this Site to ensure the integrity of the sign up process and to personalize the Site.  A cookie is a small text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server.  Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer.  Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a Web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time.  For example, if you personalize a web page, or navigate within a site, a cookie helps the site to recall your specific information on subsequent visits.  This simplifies the process of delivering relevant content, eases site navigation, and so on.  When you return to the Web site, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the site's features that you customized.
Equalizer PluginsDynamics PluginsSaturators, Guitar AmpFree VST, AAX and AU PluginsReverbs, Spatial ImagingMastering PluginsHarmonic Exciter PluginsAll AAX, AU and VST PluginsAudio Track PluginsStreaming PluginsAnalyzer, Utility PluginsDrum and Cymbal Samples
© 2020 Aleksey Vaneev
Questions & Answers
-
Terms of Use
-
Privacy Policy
-
About Voxengo
-
Survey
-
Artists