https://www.ss8.com/privacy-policy/
skip to Main Content
SS8
Privacy Policy
SS8 Networks, Inc. (“SS8”) is committed to protecting your privacy and ensuring you have a positive experience on our web site.
We describe in this Policy what personal information we collect from you when you use this web site, our legal basis for processing that personal information, with whom we may share your Personal Information, and your choices with respect to your personal information.
SS8 reserves the right, from time to time and without notice, to change this Policy at its sole discretion. SS8 will make reasonable efforts to publish any such changes in this Policy, such as posting on this web site. You should review this Policy periodically to stay informed of any changes.
Collection of Your Personal Information
You will be advised before we collect any Personal Information through this web site. “Personal Information” is any information that can be used to identify an individual, and may include, but is not limited to, name, email address, postal or other physical address, title, occupation, and other information required to provide a service, deliver a product, or carry out a transaction you have requested. Some of the reasons we collect your Personal Information include:
if you register for an account
if you request service and support for our products or services
if you register to attend a seminar
if you register for partnership programs or newsletter subscriptions
if you download and complete our online forms.
We may also collect your domain name when you visit this web site. We use this information to evaluate the frequency of your page visits to this web site as-well-as how you use this web site. We will not collect complete email addresses when you visit our web site unless you expressly provide us with your email address.
In addition, based on our legitimate interest in improving this web site, we may collect Personal Information from you via our use of “cookies”.  For more information about the types of cookies used by SS8, how they are used, and your options to limiting their use, please refer to SS8’s Cookie Policy.
Other than information collected through essential cookies (as described in SS8’s Cookie Policy), you will be able to choose whether or not you want to provide such information. For example, some information collected through cookies may also be used for marketing purposes or for tracking and reporting of our web site traffic. If you choose not to provide some information, please be aware that it may not be possible for you to proceed with your chosen business activity with SS8.
Uses of Your Personal Information
When you provide us with information such as names, addresses, phone numbers, e-mail addresses, etc., we will only use them to respond to your inquiries (e.g. provided via the website’s contact form) and manage user established online accounts, based on our legitimate interest in keeping and improving our relationship with you or for specific SS8 marketing activities, events, or services upon consent from your part when required.
We will retain your Personal Information for as long as is reasonably necessary to fulfil the purposes set out above. We will consider any legal obligations that require us to retain the Personal Information for a certain period of time as-well-as the duration of your use of this web site. If you wish to de-register from our web site, amend or update your Personal Information, or request that we no longer use your Personal Information to provide you with the information or services you have requested, please contact us on privacy@ss8.com.
SS8 reserves the right to retain electronic communications sent by visitors based on its legitimate interest to detect and interrupt rogue emails. For this purpose, SS8 also uses specific technology to forward email and to log email transactions. Logs of email transactions include: date and time of message; name and IP address of the device used to send the email; email address of message originator; and SS8 address of recipient.
Your Rights for Accessing and Updating Your Personal Information
You are entitled to request access to, rectification or erasure of Personal Information relating to you or restriction of processing or to object to processing of such information and other rights in accordance with applicable law. You may also ask for your data to be ported to third parties in accordance with applicable law. If you wish to enforce your rights, please contact us at privacy@ss8.com. We will provide you with a response in accordance with applicable data protection law. SS8 may refuse to provide such information in limited circumstances under applicable local law.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint before the relevant data privacy authority should we violate applicable data privacy laws(s) in our processing of your Personal Information.
Sharing Your Personal Information
Any information collected about you will be kept secure and not shared with third parties, with the exception of SS8 affiliates or service providers for the purposes of SS8’s own marketing activities or support of the site, unless you give prior permission for that information to be shared.
However, SS8 may have to disclose Personal Information it considers necessary in order to comply with court orders, subpoenas, governmental or law enforcement requests, or to a third party to which ownership of SS8 or a SS8 affiliate is transferred via an acquisition, merger, sale of assets, etc.
SS8 reserves the right to transfer information you provide to other countries in order to share such information with SS8 affiliates or service providers. We maintain safeguards reasonably intended to protect your Personal Information from unauthorized or inappropriate access.
Where the personal data processing involves the transfer of data outside the European Union, SS8 ensures that the transfers are carried out in compliance with the GDPR.
Security of Your Personal Information
In some instances, SS8 may collect non-personal (aggregate or demographic) data through cookies, web logs, and web beacons. This information is used to better understand and improve the usability, performance, and effectiveness of the website. Please read the “Cookies” section below for more information.
Sharing Your Personal Information
We do not sell or rent your Personal Information to third parties for marketing purposes unless you have granted us permission to do so.
We may share your Personal Information within SS8 or any of our worldwide subsidiaries for purposes of data processing or storage.
We may also share your Personal Information with business partners in order to provide a requested service or transaction, including processing orders, hosting event and seminar registration and providing customer support. We only provide these third parties with the minimum amount of Personal Information necessary to complete the requested service and the third parties are not permitted to use your Personal Information except for limited purpose of completing the requested service.
We may respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process by disclosing your Personal Information and other related information, if necessary. We also may choose to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims.
We may collect and possibly share Personal Information and any other additional information available to us in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of SS8’s terms of use, or as otherwise required by law.
While navigating SS8’s web site you may be directed to content or functionality that is hosted by a third-party supplier, not on SS8.com. When information is collected on behalf of SS8 exclusively, SS8’s privacy policy will be referenced on the site and will govern how your information is used. For other, non-SS8 sites, the site owner’s privacy policy will be referenced. It is SS8’s practice to require such suppliers to handle information in a manner consistent with SS8’s privacy and security policies.
We will ask for your consent before we use or share your information for any purpose other than the reason you provided it or as otherwise provided by this policy. In order to let us know your preferences, we will require an action on your part, such as checking the appropriate option, to indicate your consent.
Security of Your Personal Information
SS8 is committed to protecting the Personal Information you share with us. We implement and utilize all appropriate industry-standard security technologies, procedures, and organizational measures to ensure a level of security for the personal data appropriate to the risk and, in particular, protect Personal Information against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure or access to. The same level of protection is contractually imposed by SS8 on our services providers.
Linked Websites
SS8’s web site may contain links to other sites not under the SS8 domain names or not owned by SS8. These links are provided solely as a convenience to you. We are not responsible for the content, security, or data protection practices employed by non-SS8 web sites. SS8 does not endorse, warrant, or guarantee the products or services described or offered in these other web sites. We encourage you to review the privacy policies posted on these sites.
Your California Privacy Rights
Residents of the State of California, under the California Civil Code, have the right to request from companies conducting business in California a list of all third parties to which the company has disclosed Personal Information during the preceding year for direct marketing purposes. Alternatively, the law provides that if the company has a privacy policy that gives either an Opt-out or Opt-in choice for use of your Personal Information by third parties (such as advertisers) for marketing purposes, the company may instead provide you with information on how to exercise your disclosure choice options.
If you are a California resident and request information about how to exercise your third-party disclosure choices you must send a request to:  privacy@ss8.com
Contact Us
If you wish to exercise your rights or should you have any privacy-related questions or comments related to this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
SS8 Networks, Inc.
Attn: Privacy Policy
750 Tasman Drive
Milpitas, CA  95035
Email: privacy@ss8.com
Last update: February 20, 2020
From Our BlogSS8 Celebrates 20th Anniversary December 10, 2020Sidelink and Its Impact on Lawful Intelligence November 24, 2020Intercepted Location Data Can Help Intelligence Agencies November 10, 2020
750 Tasman Drive
Milpitas, CA 95035
+1 408 944 0250
info@ss8.com
twitter
linkedin
Solutions
Compliant Mediation and Interception
Law Enforcement Monitoring Center
5G Regulatory Compliance
End to End Solution
Internet Communications Discovery
Company
Our Story
Meet the Team
Investors
Careers
Offices
News
Partners
Contact Us
Resources
Support
Blog
Copyright © 2020 SS8 Networks, Inc.
SS8 Blog
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
×
We use cookies and related technologies to improve the way our site functions for you as a visitor. By continuing to use our website, you agree to the use of such cookies. For more information refer to our Privacy Policy.I understand.