http://www.coffeecup.com/legal/privacy/
The Team
Meet the masterminds behind the great CoffeeCup software products and services.
The Latest News
Check out the scoop about what’s happening around CoffeeCup.
Our Channels
Get Our Newsletter
Stay in the know with our latest news, specials, and updates by subscribing to our newsletter.
Contact Us
Have a question? Send our team a message and we’ll be happy to steer you in the right direction.
Store
Developer Pack
Own everything you would need to create an epic online web presence.
Sites Pack
Create stunning websites for businesses & organizations.
Emails Pack
Build better performing emails, newsletters, and landing pages.
Forms Pack
Make data entry forms that look unique and appealing.
Software
Sites
Site Designer
Create websites visually. Drag, drop, click, and slide your way to stunning sites.
The HTML Editor
Code connoisseurs will love this award winning code editing app.
Forms
Web Form Builder
A full-service, code-free form development app. Easily build contact forms, surveys, collect payments, capture signatures and more.
Form Designer
Craft beautiful forms. This frontend design app gives you 100% controls over every aspect of the form’s styles.
Emails
Email Designer
Build emails, newsletters, and sales notices that match your branding and display nicely and work great across email clients.
Free Stuff
Enjoy our free products
Free HTML Editor
Web Form Builder Lite
Free FTP
Services
S-Drive
One Click Web Hosting
One-click web hosting. A cozy home for your websites.
Web Form Hosting
Hassle-free form hosting. Embed into any website. Track stats and store submissions.
Post From Anywhere
Create a blog about your business, your bowling league, or for your church meet-ups. Really perfect for anyone!
Easy File Storage
Keep all your important files backed up in a safe location that you can access anywhere!
Plans & Pricing
You can upgrade, downgrade or cancel your account at any time.
Support
Support
Contact our tech support team for any questions regarding your software.
User Forums
Stuck on a design challenge? Looking for inspiration? Want to make new webbie friends? Join the community of CoffeeCup fans.
Video Tutorials
Watch our growing collection of helpful video tutorials to learn the skills you’ll need to master the apps.
User Stories
Our software rocks. Hear from CoffeeCup customer’s how our apps have helped them.
Articles
Here you can find all the articles about web design and software.
Contact Us
Have a question? Send our team a message and we’ll be happy to steer you in the right direction.
Templates
HTML Editor
Advanced Web Design
The HTML Editor
Made for authentic code enthusiasts.
Free Stuff
Free HTML Editor
Get a taste of our award-winning code editor.
Sign In or Up
Privacy Policy
We Care About Your Privacy
Here at CoffeeCup Software, we understand the importance of your privacy. CoffeeCup Software, Inc. will never willfully disclose individually identifiable information about its customers to any third party without first receiving that customer's permission. You can sleep well knowing your information will not leave our offices.
Will CoffeeCup ever send SPAM to my email address?
We do not send SPAM. By entering your email address, you agree to receive email from us about product updates and special deals. We usually send only one message each month. If you wish not to receive these messages, you can remove your email address from our list at anytime by clicking here.
Why do we collect user information when you download?
When you download a piece of software from us, we log your Name, Email Address and IP address. We do this to help detect illegal downloads and software piracy. Our software is quite popular and believe it or not, there are some crooked people out there that try to steal it.
How is the information we collect used?
We keep a database of our users names and email addresses for product update and upgrade notifications. When we release a new version of any of our software titles, we send a message to all of our registered users and let them know. Other than that, we like to tell our trial users about new and exciting products.
Will this personal information ever be used for any other purpose?
The only time we would ever use your personal information for any other reason is to aid the proper authorities in finding fraudulent credit card charges or in finding those responsible for illegal distribution or piracy of our software.
Will CoffeeCup ever sell this information to a third party for advertising?
Are you kidding? Nope. Never. Not a chance.
In which manner our applications access, uses, store, or share your data?
Our applications may request you to log in to your CoffeeCup account. This is used to allow you to access our online services and to avoid software piracy. Also, some may allow you to log in to third-party services (like Google). This will be only used to use their services like sending emails, retrieve files or access to documents that you request. No personal data will be stored, rather than your email address, and only for identification purposes. We will never share this data.
Questions?
If you have questions or concerns about our usage of your personal information, please contact us.
CoffeeCup Software Inc.
ATTN: Abuse Department
3317 S Higley Rd.
STE 114 PMB 414
Gilbert, AZ 85297-5437
abuse@coffeecup.com
Terms and Notices
Copyright and Trademark Information
End User License Agreement
Privacy Policy
Purchases made through Apple App Store™
Technical Support
Trial Software Distribution Agreement
Website Terms of Use
Close