http://www.contourdesign.com/return-policy/
Skip to content
Our Return Policy
RETURNSWe offer a 30 day money back guarantee on all of our products.To complete your return, we require a receipt, customer ID, or proof of purchase. There are certain situations where only partial refunds are granted. For example any item not in its original condition, is damaged or missing parts for reasons not due to our error, may be subject to a partial refund or restocking fee.REFUNDSOnce your return is received and inspected, we will send you an email to notify you that we have received your returned item. We will also notify you of the status of your refund. Your refund will then be processed, and a credit will automatically be applied to your credit card or original method of payment.LATE OR MISSING REFUNDSIf you haven’t received your refund, please contact us at ergoinfo@contourdesign.com to verify your refund status. Processing times may vary depending on your bank or credit card company.  SHIPPINGContour Design will only pay for the unit to be shipped back to us if it malfunctions within the first 30 days. Please retain the original packaging and all of its contents, including all parts and manuals. Without original packaging, a $20 restocking fee will be charged for both purchased and trial units.  If you are looking to return your product, please click the “submit a ticket” button below to receive an RMA number. No returns will be accepted without an RMA number.Please understand that we will pay the shipping for sending out a replacement model in the case of a damaged unit, but would ask you to pay for shipping for returning a perfectly functioning product. We will refund the full product cost.
SUBMIT A TICKET
×
×Cart
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best possible experience on our website. To find out more about the cookies we use, see our Privacy Policy.
If you decline, your information will not be tracked when you visit this website. A single cookie will be used in your browser to remember your preference not to be tracked.OkNoPrivacy policy