http://www.e-zest.net/privacypolicy
WORK
SERVICES
CAREERS
Healthcare
BLOGS
e-Zest gets featured in the 'ER&D & IoT Services Report 2020' by Zinnov
We are extremely excited! e-Zest has been featured as an 'Emerging and ...
Read more
NEWS
e-Zest and Neurosynaptic Announce a Solution to Help Control the COVID-19 Pandemic
Pune, Bangalore, 24th March 2020: e-Zest Solutions and Neurosynaptic ...
Read more
CSR
e-Zest Solutions supports Digital Pune Mission
Pune, India: e-Zest Solutions, a leading digital technology innovation ...
Read more
Work
Services
Careers
Healthcare
About
Insights
Contact
Blog
News
CSR
Hit enter to search or ESC to close
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us. e-Zest and its group companies ("e-Zest", "we", "us" and "our") are committed to respecting your privacy while using our website. This policy applies to information collected by us on our website.The information we collect We will collect personal information when you voluntarily provide it to us through specific forms provided on our website. In general, you may browse our website without providing any Personally Identifiable Information about yourself. We do automatically collect certain information when you visit our website such as the type of operating system, the pages browsed, the type of browser you are using, your IP address in order to provide better usability and personalized experience.e-Zest shall only process the received information to pursue our legitimate business interests for establishing communication with prospective customers and personnel with general/ business inquiries.How we normally use information about you?We use certain information to analyze site usage for us to improve our website.We use your Personal Identifiable Information for following purposes.
To respond to your inquiry
To process an application form you have completed on our website
To respond to any legal process
To any court order, subpoena or a law enforcement agency as required by law
To take action against any illegal activity and to address any potential threat to the physical safety of a person
How we share your information?
We may share your Personal Identifiable Information within e-Zest, e-Zest group or with any of our subsidiaries and very occasionally our business partners, service vendors or authorized third-party agents located in any part of the world. This information is mainly shared for the purposes of enrichment, storage, or to provide a requested service or transaction. Before sharing the data, it is ensured that such entities are contractually bound with e-Zest by data privacy obligations.Where we transfer Personally Identifiable Information outside of EU?
We either transfer this Information to countries that provide an adequate level of protection (as determined by the European Commission) or have appropriate safeguards in place.Your privacy rights
You have certain rights relating to your Personally Identifiable Information provided under applicable law. We will process your request in accordance with applicable data protection laws. We may need to retain certain information for record-keeping purposes and/or to complete transactions that you began prior to requesting any deletion.Marketing Communications:
You can unsubscribe from receiving marketing communications from e-Zest by clicking ‘unsubscribe’ in any marketing email communications we send you, or by sending an email to DPO@e-Zest.in.
Your rights with respect to your data:
The right to be informed- You have the right to be informed about the collection and use of your personal data.
The right of access- You have the right to access the personal information that we hold about you.
The right to rectification- You have the right to rectify your personal data if it is inaccurate or incomplete.
The right to erasure- In certain circumstances, you have the right to erase your personal data, which is also known as the right to be forgotten.
The right to restrict processing- In certain circumstances, you have the right to restrict or suppress your personal data.
The right to data portability- This right allows you to obtain and reuse your personal data for your own purposes across different services.
The right to object- In certain circumstances, you have the right to object to the processing of your personal data.
Rights in relation to automated decision making and profiling- In certain circumstances, you have the right not to be subject to a decision-making based solely on automated processing including profiling.
If you or your legal representative would like to exercise any of the above rights, please contact DPO@e-Zest.in. To protect your privacy and security, we may take steps to verify your identity before complying with the request.Authenticity e-Zest shall not be responsible for the authenticity of the information and it is your duty to ensure that the information provided is authentic.How long we retain your information  We will retain personal information we collect from you where we have a justifiable business need to do so and/or for as long as is needed to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Notice, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law (such as tax, legal, accounting or other purposes).We will retain Personally Identifiable Information we collect from you
Where we have a justifiable business need to do so
For as long as is needed to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Notice
For retention period required or permitted by law (such as tax, legal, accounting or other purposes)
When we have no justifiable business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymize it, or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.Cookies and other technologiesOur website uses cookies. A cookie is a text-only string of information that a website transfers to the cookie file of the browser on your computer’s hard disk so that website can remember who you are. Please read our Cookie Policy carefully for more details about the information we collect when you use this site.Protection of minor’s informationThe website is not directed to children under the age of sixteen (16). e-Zest does not knowingly solicit PII from or market to anyone under sixteen (16) years of age. If you believe that we have received information from a minor, please notify us immediately and we will ensure that reasonable efforts will be made by us to delete such information from our database.Links to third party websitesOur website and services may provide links to other websites through direct links or through applications such as ‘Share’ or ‘Like’ buttons. Other websites may contain links to the e-Zest website or services. e-Zest does not control those sites or their privacy practices, which may differ from e-Zest's Privacy Notice. We do not endorse or make any representations about third party websites. The personal information you choose to give to unrelated parties is not covered by this Privacy Notice. We encourage you to review the privacy notices found on such other websites, services, and applications to understand how your information may be collected and used.Our commitment to securitye-Zest utilizes appropriate physical, technical and administrative procedures to safeguard the information we collect. e-Zest takes reasonable steps to ensure that all dealings in personally identifiable information are processed fairly and lawfully after receiving the consent of the information provider.How to contact us  If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Notice, you may write to us at DPO@e-Zest.in or by postal mail to:Digital Innovation Centere-Zest Solutions Ltd.3rd Floor, Building IT-09, Qubix Business Park - SEZ Blueridge,Rajiv Gandhi Infotech Park, Hinjawadi Phase-1,Pune, Maharashtra 411057Voice: +91 8055839378 (Extn 1 for Recruitment, Extn 2 for Sales, Extn 3 for HR)You also have the right to lodge a complaint with a Supervisory Authority https://www.lfd.niedersachsen.de/wir_ueber_uns/kontakt/kontakt-56137.htmlChanges to this privacy notice  e-Zest will review and update this Privacy Notice periodically in response to changing legal, technical and business developments. When we update this Privacy Notice, we will note the date of its most recent revision above. If we make material changes to this Privacy Notice, we will take appropriate measures to inform you in a manner that is consistent with the significance of the changes we make and is in accordance with applicable law. We encourage you to review this Privacy Notice frequently to be informed of how e-Zest is protecting your information.
Other related services
Legal Disclaimer
Interested ?
Lets talk about how e-Zest can help you.
Stay Connected
Join over 7900
people who receive weekly technology updates.
Work
Services
Careers
Alliances
Healthcare @ e-Zest
About
Insights
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
© 2020 e-Zest Solutions
Chicago | Dallas | Detroit | New York | Hanover | Vienna | London | Pune
Contact us
Contact us
e-Zest is a leading digital innovation partner for enterprises and technology companies that utilizes emerging technologies for creating engaging customers experiences. Being a customer-focused and technology-driven company, it always helps clients in crafting holistic business value for their software development efforts. It offers software development and consulting services for cloud computing, enterprise mobility, big data and analytics, user experience and digital commerce.