http://www.sitekit.net/Company/Legal/sitekit_privacy_policy.html
Text only
about
solutions
products
case studies
news
careers
contact
Search
Our privacy policy
Sitekit Ltd - utilisation of information(website privacy policy)
Sitekit Ltd uses personal information for the purposes of monitoring, administrating and improving business performance; improving the content and performance of the website and providing increased levels of customer service; making other products and services available to our customer base and other interested parties; and for the delivery of any contract between you and Sitekit.
Data Controller
Sitekit Ltd (“Sitekit”) is the data controller for the information collected via our Web site and marketing activities. You can contact Sitekit’s Data Protection Officer at:
Sitekit Ltd Sitekit House Broom Place Portree, Isle of Skye, Scotland IV51 9HL T: 0845 299 0900 E: marketing@sitekit.net
What information is collected
When you use the Sitekit web site, we place cookies on your system to make the web site work more efficiently, to personalise your experience and to assist us with improving the web site.
When you sign up for the Sitekit newsletter, we collect your contact details (name and email address).
If you become a Sitekit client, we collect further information necessary for the performance of a contract
What are cookies?
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit. They are widely used in order to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the site.
Cookie policy
In compliance with EU legislation, the following table lists the use of cookies on this web site:
Cookie Name
Purpose
More information
useTextOnly
This is used to store whether you are in textOnly mode or not.
Persistent for three months.
setString
This is used to store user preferences for viewing sites in textOnly mode e.g. font-size and colour. It is written only on sites which use the text only option.
Persistent for one month.
SitekitLogin
This is used to store the username and password for ‘remember my login’ feature on extranets.
Persistent for one month.
AcceptCookies
This is used to store whether you have agreed to receive cookies.
Persistent for one year.
Google Analytics
_ga_gat__gid
These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our site. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the site. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, where visitors have come to the site from and the pages they visited.
Click here for an overview of privacy at Google
SKDxxx
(xxx being the unique identifier)
This cookie has two functions.
Firstly it serves as a session cookie for extranet users. Without this cookie, an extranet user will have to login to each individual page in the extranet.
it enables us to track the pages that a user visits while they navigate around our site.
Persistent for one year unless users logout.
SKTID
For tracking logged out visitor sessions
Persistent for one year.
Most web browsers allow some control of most cookies through the browser settings. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit www.allaboutcookies.org.
Our legal basis for processing your information
We process cookie details and contact information with your consent. You may decline the use of cookies at your first visit to the site, and may withdraw consent for marketing communications by following the “unsubscribe” link in marketing emails.
If you are a Sitekit client, we hold and process further information in order to perform a contract.
Data Sharing
Sitekit does not share your contact details with any other organisations.
Your visit to the Sitekit Web site is tracked by Google Analytics.
How to control your privacy
Your privacy is important to Sitekit. In relation to the information that Sitekit holds about you, you have the right to:
> Request a copy of your information, or
> Request that incorrect information is amended, or
> Object to the way your information is used, or
> Request that Sitekit ceases to process your information.
To request any of the above, please email marketing@sitekit.net or call 0845 229 0900.
To opt out of tracking by Google Analytics, go to http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
If you are concerned about the way your information is handled, you also have the right to a lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office, who are the supervisory authority for data protection matters in the UK. You can contact the ICO at www.ico.org.uk or by calling 0303 123 1113.
Information security
Your information is stored securely on servers based in the United Kingdom. No data is stored overseas. It is stored for as long as you maintain consent for marketing communications. You may erase cookies at any time by deleting them from your web browser.
Compliance with regulations
Sitekit is subject to data protection law in the UK.
Changes to this Privacy Notice
Sitekit reserves the right to update this Privacy Notice from time to time.
<sitekit>
© Copyright Sitekit Ltd 2020
Home
Solutions
Products
Case studies
Careers
About
News
Events
Contact
Sitekit privacy policy
Sign up for our newsletter:
Sitekit privacy policy
First Name *
Last Name *
Email *
I would like to receive updates from Sitekit
We need you to specifically check the box to allow us to get in touch
Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
LinkedIn
Vimeo
techUK
Microsoft Partner Network
Sitekit is an ISO 27001 certified company. Centre For Assessment 17/2348, UKAS Management Systems 0120