https://www.selerant.com/privacy/
Privacy & Cookies
PRIVACY & COOKIES
REGULATORY FRAMEWORK
Directive 2002/58/EC – on “personal data processing and protection of private life in the field of electronic communications”.
Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, and repealing Directive 95/46/EC (“General Data Protection Regulation”).
DATA CONTROLLER
While consulting this web site, data on identified or identifiable people can be processed. The Data Controller is Selerant S.r.l. unipersonale, Via Leonardo da Vinci 19 – 20051 Cassina De’ Pecchi (MI), Cap.Soc. €100.000,00 i.v., REA MI-1335427.
DATA PROCESSING PLACE
The processing connected with the web services of this web site is realized at the Data Controller’s seat, as well as at Selerant Corp.’s seat (449, 7th Avenue, Floor 18, N-New York 10018 – USA) being the service provider of the web surfing. Now therefore, it is hereby specified that Selerant S.r.l. drew up special contractual clauses for the transfer of data abroad with Selerant Corp, suitably appointed External Data Processor pursuant to article 28 of Regulation (EU) 2016/679.
TYPE OF DATA PROCESSED
Surfing data
The information systems and the software procedures necessary for the functioning of this web site acquire, during their normal exercise, some personal data whose transfer is implicit in the employment of communication protocols on the Internet. This information is not gathered to be associated to identified Data Subjects, but – due to its nature – it could allow the users to be identified. To this category belong the IP addresses and the domain names of the PCs used by the users that connect to the web site, the  URI (Uniform Resource Identifier) notation addresses of the resources requested, the time of the request, the method used to submit the request to the server, the dimension of the file obtained, the numeric code indicating the status of the answer given by the server (successful, error, uest, the metho etc.) and other parameters concerning the operation system and the user’s information environment. These data are used only to obtain anonymous statistic information on the employment of the web site and to control it works correctly and are cancelled immediately after the processing. The data, besides, could be used to assess the responsibility in case of possible cyber-crimes against the web site.
Data provided freely by the user
The optional, explicit and voluntary providing of personal data by the user to the contacts and in the registration forms present on this web site entails the subsequent acquisition of the data provided by the sender. Such data will be processed by Selerant S.r.l. mainly with electronic means, in order to follow up the user’s request (for example asking information and/or a demo). Specific concise information notes will be progressively published or displayed in the pages of the web site prepared on purpose for particular services upon request.
COOKIES
Cookies are small text files that are deposited on the user’s personal computer by the web sites he/she visits. Their main task is allowing the web site to work and operate in a more efficient way, as well as providing information to the web site owners.
Here is a list of the cookies stored by our web site.
Technical cookies, to the extent strictly necessary to use and visit the web site. In particular, the use of session technical cookies is limited to the transmission of sessions identifiers (made by random numbers generated by the server) needed to allow the safe and efficient surfing of the web site. Such cookies avoid having recourse to other information techniques potentially prejudicial for the secrecy of the users’ surfing and they don’t allow the acquisition of personal data that could identify the user. Users’ personal data aren’t acquired by the web site for this purpose. No cookie is used to transmit information of personal nature, nor is any type of so-called persistent cookie used, i.e. user-tracking systems. In case the user doesn’t wish to receive any kind of cookie in his/her personal computer, either from this web site or from other ones, he/she can elevate the data protection level of his/her browser thanks to the special function.
Here is a detailed list:
Name of the cookie
Default expiration
Description of the cookie
PHPSESSID
At the end of the session
Session: access and employment of the web site
Google Analytics Cookies, used to gather and anonymously analyse the information concerning the behaviours while using the web sites (for example the time and day of the visit, possible previous visits to the web site by the same user, the origin site, etc.). Such information (including the user’s IP address) is gathered by Google Analytics, that processes it in order to make a report for Selerant S.r.l. concerning the activities on its web site and used by it in order to improve the web site. Google doesn’t connect the IP address to any other datum it owns, nor tries to connect an IP address with the user’s identity. Google can also communicate this information to third parties, in case it’s provided by the law or in case these third parties process the information on behalf of Google.
A more detailed explanation can be read below.
Cookie
Name
Default Expiration
Description
Google Analytics
_gat
Immediately
Anonymous analysis of the surfing statistics
Google Analytics
_ga
Immediately
Anonymous analysis of the surfing statistics
Google Analytics
_gid
Immediately
Anonymous analysis of the surfing statistics
For further information on the methods to gather and employ the data by Google, please visit the web site: https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites/ (or another URL that Google may provide from time to time).
Hubspot cookies, tracking code sets the following cookies when someone visits this site. These cookies fall into two general categories:
Functional cookies: these cookies do not require consent.
Consent banner cookies: there are cookies included in the consent banner under GDPR.
To know more please visit this link.
COOKIES PROCESSING
Here are the methods you can use to disable the cookies.
Technical cookies
Selerant S.r.l. reminds that the total or partial disabling of the so-called technical cookies can compromise the web site functions. Anyway, users can decide whether to accept the cookies or not, by modifying the safety settings of their browser.
Chrome: https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en
Firefox: https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/cookies-information-websites-store-on-your-computer
Internet Explorer: https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/278835/how-to-delete-cookie-files-in-internet-explorer
Opera: https://help.opera.com/en/latest/web-preferences/#cookies
Safari: https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT201265
Google Analytics Cookies
Selerant S.r.l. reminds that Google Analytics’ action can be selectively disabled by installing on the browser the opt-out component provided by Google. To disable Google Analytics’ action, please follow the link: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
HubSpot Cookies
For further information on the methods to gather and use data by HubSpot, please visit the web site: https://knowledge.hubspot.com/articles/kcs_article/reports/what-cookies-does-hubspot-set-in-a-visitor-s-browser
LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES
This website may contain links or references for access to other websites, such as social networks Facebook, Instagram, Google+, Twitter and Pinterest. By clicking on the appropriate links you can, for example, share our contents. We inform you that the Data Controller does not control cookies or other monitoring technologies of these websites to which this Policy does not apply.
DISCRETIONARY NATURE OF THE DATA PROVIDING
Apart from what has been specified concerning the surfing data, users are free to provide their personal data or not. However, the non-providing can entail the impossibility of obtaining what they asked.
PROCESSING METHODS AND STORAGE PERIOD
Personal data are processed, even through the use of automated tools, for the time strictly necessary to achieve the purposes for which they were collected.
Personal data are processed also with automated tools, for the time strictly necessary to achieve the purposes for which they have been gathered. Specific safety measures are observed in order to prevent the loss of data, the illegal or wrong use of them and any unauthorized access. Selerant S.r.l. took all minimum security measures provided by the law and inspiring to the main international standards it took further security measures in order to minimize the risks concerning secrecy, availability and integrity of the personal data gathered and processed.
SHARING, COMMUNICATION AND SPREADAING OF DATA
The gathered data can be transferred or communicated to other companies for activities strictly connected and instrumental to the efficiency of the service, such as the management of the information system. The data will be communicated to Selerant Corp, as provider of some web surfing services. The personal data provided by the users who ask for literature (brochure, leaflets, etc..) are used solely to carry out the service or performance required and are communicated to third parties only if it’s needed for such purpose (companies that take care of packaging, labelling, shipment). Apart from these cases, personal data won’t be either communicated or granted to anybody, unless it’s provided by the agreement or authorized by the subjects. In this case, personal data could be sent to third parties, but only in case: a) there’s an explicit consent to share the data with third parties; b) the information must be shared with third parties in order to carry out the service required; c) it’s needed to meet requests by the Judicial Authority or Public Security. No data deriving from the web service will be spread.
RIGHTS OF THE INTERESTED PARTIES
Regarding the processing of the aforementioned data, pursuant to 15 et seq of the EU Regulation 2016/679, We remind you the right to obtain the access of Personal Data concerning you; the right to obtain the rectification (correction of inaccurate data or integration), the right to erasure the Personal Data processed unlawfully or in case one of the reasons specified in Article 17 of the EU Regulation exists. Furthermore, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority in case you consider that the rights indicated above have not been recognized.
MODIFICATIONS TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
Selerant S.r.l. verifies its personal data protection and security policy at regular intervals and revises it if needed according to regulatory or organizational changes or to the ones derived from the technological evolution. If the policy should be changed, the new version will be published in this page of the web site.
QUESTIONS, CLAIMS, SUGGESTIONS AND EXERCISE OF THE RIGHTS
All those who are interested in obtaining more information, providing suggestions or sending claims or objections concerning the personal data protection policy or the way our Company processes the personal data, as well as to assert the rights foreseen by the legislation concerning the protection of personal data, can make it in writing to Selerant S.r.l., via Leonardo da Vinci 19 – 20051 Cassina de’ Pecchi (MI).
Our Customers Include
Contact Us