https://www.harveycameron.nz/privacy?hsLang=en-nz
Home
About
Solutions
Strategy
Creative
Media
Digital Marketing
Web Design & Development
Public Relations
Content
Work
Industries
Agribusiness
FMCG
Manufacturing
Retail
Tourism
Insight
Contact
Careers
Privacy Policy
Attivo Limited – trading as Harvey Cameron
This Privacy Notice has been drafted to help you to understand what personal data we may collect about you, why it is collected, and how it will be used.
When does this privacy notice apply?
This notice covers how we collect and use your data e.g.
when you visit or use one of our consumer and customer-directed websites, applications or social media channels;
purchase and use our products, services, systems or applications
subscribe to our newsletters
provide to us your goods or services
contact our customer support
join our business events
or otherwise interact with us (directly or indirectly) in your capacity as consumer, business customer, partner, supplier, contractor or other person with a business relationship with us.
What types of data do we collect about you?
Depending on who you are (e.g. customer, consumer, supplier, business partner, etc.) and how you interact with us (e.g. online, offline, over the phone, etc.) we may process different data about you. We may collect your data, for example, when you visit or use our consumer and customer-directed websites, applications or social media channels, purchase and use our products, services, web-based tools, mobile applications, systems, subscribe to our newsletters, provide to us your goods or services, contact our customer support, join our business events, participate in our competitions, promotions and surveys or otherwise interact with us.
Below you will find an overview of the categories of data that may be recorded:
Information you provide to us directly:
Categories of data
Examples of types of data
Personal identification data
Name, title, date of birth
Contact information data
Email, phone number, address, country
Financial data
Bank account data
Any other information that you decide to voluntarily share with Harvey Cameron
Feedback, opinions, reviews, comments, uploaded files, interests, information provided for our due diligence process
Information that may be recorded automatically:
When you visit or use our websites or applications, subscribe to our newsletters or otherwise interact with us through our digital channels, in addition to the information you provide to us directly, we may collect information sent to us by your computer, mobile phone or other access device. For example, we may collect:
Categories of data
Examples of types of data
Device information
Make & Model
Log information
Internet Browser, Time & Date
Location information
IP Address Location
Other information about your use of our digital channels or products
Links you click within our advertising email
We may use third-party tools (such as Google Analytics), to record non-personally identifiable statistical and demographic information about website visitors, including location, browser details, behavioural and interaction information (including referral URLs and search terms), and computer and network information. Google provides instructions to opt-out of having information collected by Google Analytics: https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/181881.
We may also use cookies to enhance our users’ experiences on our website as well as third party cookies (for example, Facebook or Google) to help us improve our advertising. Cookies can be turned off in users' web browser’s settings.
Information we may collect from other sources:
To the extent permitted by applicable law, in addition to our websites, applications and other digital channels, we may also obtain information about you from other sources, such as public databases, joint marketing partners, social media platforms and other third parties.
How we may use your data
Purpose
Example
Assessment and screening of Customers, Suppliers and/or Business Partners
Conducting due diligence
Conclusion and execution of agreements
Sales, billing, shipment of products or services, registration to mobile applications or websites, warranty, service communications, account management
Providing support (upon your request)
Providing support via communication channels, such as customer support
Marketing & Advertising
Promoting contact with consumers and/or business customers, email and/or electronic marketing, market surveys, personalising your experience by presenting products and offers tailored to your preference, interests or profile (such as on our sites, applications or in other communication channels). Tailored & personalised advertising across the web including, but not limited to Facebook & Google. Email marketing communications (which you can opt out of at any time).
Security and protection of our interests/assets
Deploying and maintaining technical and organisational security measures, conducting internal audits and investigations, conducting assessments to verify conflict of interests
Compliance with legal obligations
Disclosing data to government institutions or supervisory authorities as applicable such as responding to legal process and managing any internal complaints or claims
Product development
To improve the services, products, online services, mobile applications and communications we provide towards you or others
We may also use targeted advertising on platforms such as Facebook & Google based on email addresses that we have collected. Users can opt out of receiving these advertisements by following the instructions on the following links:
https://www.facebook.com/ads/website_custom_audiences/https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662856
Protecting your data
Harvey Cameron has security measures in place, and takes reasonable steps, to keep your data safe from loss, unauthorised activity, or other misuse. Harvey Cameron may utilise services from one or more third party suppliers to monitor or maintain the cyber security of its systems and information.
Accessing and correcting your personal information
You can always contact us if you would like to:
review, change or delete the data you have supplied us with (to the extent Harvey Cameron is not otherwise permitted or required to keep such data);
object to certain data processing operations (e.g., opt-out from marketing communications);
receive a copy of your data (in a common  format, to the extent it is required by applicable law);
ask us any other questions related to the protection of your data.
Updated: 26 November 2020
What's Next
About
Solutions
Industries
Insight
Contact
Careers
Contact Us
158 Leinster Road,Merivale, Christchurch 8014New Zealand
+64 3 353 1300
enquiries@harveycameron.nz
Copyright © 2019 Harvey Cameron
Privacy Policy