http://www.registereverywhere.com/privacy/
Call 1-800-585-3222
Pages Navigation Menu
About
Contact
Testimonials
Get Quote
Customer Login
Home » Privacy
Privacy Policy
What information does RegisterEverywhere.com collect?
You can visit our site and surf it without having to tell us who you are or reveal any personally identifiable information to us. However, we do record your IP address, the keywords on which you found us, the different pages you visit on our web site, the number of times you have visited our web site, and whether or not you filled out a form, or placed an order. We use this information to assist us in our web design decisions.
Will any third parties receive my information once I become your customer?
Absolutely not! We never sell, loan, nor lease any information of our visitors or customers to any third parties.
Once I become a customer, what security measures are in place to protect my information?
RegisterEverywhere.com uses secure data networks protected by industry standard firewall and password protection. We have security measures in place to attempt to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of your user data. Only certain employees that will directly work on your account have access to the information you provide us.
Will you notify me if your privacy policy changes?
We will notify you via email to ask for your permission, and post the new policy changes on our website.
Notice of Privacy Rights to California Residents
California law requires that we provide you with a summary of your privacy rights under the California Online Privacy Protection Act (the “Act”) and the California Business and Professions Code. As required by the Act, we will provide you with the categories of personally identifiable information that we collect through the Register Everywhere, Inc. site and the categories of third party persons or entities with whom such personally identifiable information may be shared for direct marketing purposes at your request. California law requires us to inform you, at your request, (a) the categories of personally identifiable information we collect and with which third parties we share that information; (b) the names and addresses of those third parties; and (c) examples of the products marketed by those companies. The Act further requires us to allow you to control who you do not want us to share that information with. To obtain this information, please send a request by email or standard mail to the address found below. When contacting us, please indicate your name, address, email address, and what personally identifiable information you do not want us to share with affiliated businesses or marketing partners. The request should be sent to the attention of Register Everywhere, Inc. Attn: Privacy Transparency, 1007 S. Central Ave Suite 206 Glendale, CA 91204, and labeled “California Customer Choice Notice.” Please allow 30 days for a response. Also, please note that there is no charge for controlling the sharing of your personally identifiable information or requesting this notice.
Contact Information
If your questions are not answered online, you may contact us at: Register Everywhere, Inc. Attn: Privacy Policy, 1007 S. Central Ave Suite 206 Glendale, CA 91204, or using the Contact Us form.
Site Navigation
HomeAffiliates (SEO Resellers)
Free Analysis & Proposal
Frequently Asked Questions
Make Website Mobile Friendly
Sitemap
Testimonials
About
Contact
Privacy
Terms
Search Engine News
HomeBlack Hat vs White Hat SEO
Defcon Side SEO Discussions
Google at SoCal Linux Expo
Grow Rankings in Any Algorithm
Link Exchanges Forums Are Dead
Make Website Mobile Friendly
Over SEO Penalty Says Matt Cutts
Search Engine Placement Tips
Which Keywords Are Best
Why SEO Services Matter
SEO White Papers
HomeMake Website Mobile Friendly
Search Engine Marketing
Search Engine Optimization
Search Engine Optimization Tips
Search Engine Placement
Search Engine Promotion
SEO in Atlanta
SEO in Jacksonville
SEO in Los Angeles
SEO in NYC
Contact Register Everywhere, Inc
1-800-585-3222
+1-818-246-8200 (outside USA)
© Copyright RegisterEverywhere.com. All rights reserved worldwide.