http://www.hbcommunications.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy PolicyHB Communications/HB Live respects your privacy and has provided the following Privacy Policy in order to answer any questions, comments or concerns you may have regarding your online privacy when using our website. If you have any additional questions, please email info@HBCommunications.com.1. What Information Do We Collect?We may collect, store and use the following kinds of personal data:(a) information about your visits to and use of this website;(b) information about any transactions carried out between you and us on or in relation to this website, including information relating to any purchases you make of our goods or services;(c) information that you provide to us for the purpose of registering with us and/or subscribing to our website services and/or email notifications.We may collect, store and use non-personal data about your visits to and use of this website.2. Information About Website VisitsWe may collect information about your computer and your visits to this website such as your IP address, geographical location, browser type, referral source, length of visit and number and details of page views. We may use this information in the administration of this website, to improve the website’s usability, and for marketing purposes.We use cookies on this website. A cookie is a text file sent by a web server to a web browser, and stored by the browser. The text file is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server. This enables the web server to identify and track the web browser.We may send a cookie which may be stored on by your browser on your computer’s hard drive. We may use the information we obtain from the cookie in the administration of this website, to improve the website’s usability and for marketing purposes. We may also use that information to recognize your computer when you visit our website, and to personalize our website for you.We may use anonymous cookies to record non-personal information such as website activity, date and time of visit, and domain type. We may use this information for retargeting purposes.Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies. (For example, in Internet Explorer you can refuse all cookies by clicking “Tools”, “Internet Options”, “Privacy”, and selecting “Block all cookies” using the sliding selector.) This may, however, have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites, including this one.3. Using Your Personal DataPersonal data submitted on this website will be used for the purposes specified in this privacy policy or in relevant parts of the website.In addition to the uses identified elsewhere in this privacy policy, we may use your personal information to:(a) improve your browsing experience by personalizing the website;(b) send information (other than marketing communications) to you which we think may be of interest to you by post or by email or similar technology;(c) send to you marketing communications relating to our business by email or similar technology.Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.4. Other DisclosuresIn addition to the disclosures reasonably necessary for the purposes identified elsewhere in this privacy policy, we may disclose information about you:(a) to the extent that we are required to do so by law;(b) in connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings;(c) in order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights (including providing information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention and reducing credit risk).We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.5. Security Of Your Personal DataWe will take reasonable precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information. Of course, data transmission over the Internet is inherently insecure, and we cannot guarantee the security of data sent over the Internet.6. Third Party WebsitesOccasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.7. California Online Privacy Protection Act ComplianceBecause we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.8. Childrens’ Online Privacy Protection Act ComplianceWe are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.9. Traffic Analytics ReportingHB Communications/HB Group uses Google Analytics to analyze traffic to this web site. Google Analytics only collects aggregate data and does not have a database of individual profiles for each visitor.10. Google Site StatsThis site uses Google Site Stats. Google uses conversion data for campaign performance reporting in HB Communications’ account, as an input for opt-in features such as Conversion Optimizer, and in aggregate for the benefit of advertisers and their ROI. Google does not share conversion statistics with other advertisers or competitors.11. Online Privacy Policy OnlyThis online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.12. Your ConsentBy using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.13. Changes To Your Contact InformationIf you would like to make updates to any of your Contact Information, including removal from any future mailings, email or post, please email HBCommunications.com at any time.14. Policy AmendmentsWe may update this privacy policy from time-to-time by posting a new version on our website. You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are happy with any changes. This policy was last modified on xx/xx/2013.15. Contacting UsIf there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.60 Dodge Avenue North Haven, CT 06473 info@HBCommunications.com 203-234-9246 AV Ecosystem Contact Us Get In Touch
General Inquiry Support HB LiveFill out the form and a representative will be in contact with you shortly. All fields are required.
Fill out the form and a representative will be in contact with you shortly. All fields are required.
Fill out the form and a representative will be in contact with you shortly. All fields are required.
AddressMain Office 800.243.4414Fax 203.234.2013Customer Service 800.852.844160 Dodge Avenue North Haven, CT 06473