http://www.digital-links.org/privacy-policy
Do we compile your personal information?
Once you complete our website registration, we store your information for business purposes only. Upon completing your registration for our website, we will collect a number of personal contact details, including your name, email address and phone number.
How is your information used?
We do not utilise personal information for malicious purposes, nor will we compromise your identity in any way. When we store your data, we do so for the following reasons:
We customise your web browsing to enhance your overall experience.
We do so to constantly hone our business services. The quality of our business services hinge on your personal feedback. By harboring these details in our company database, we increase the likelihood of tailoring our business services to you.
We can drastically improve our customer service by reviewing your stored, personal details. The information that we store is designed to evaluate the quality of our own service so that we can better attend to you in the future.
We can expedite transactions and streamline the checkout process by storing this personal information. By storing your phone number, billing address and other critical details, we facilitate the process for you. In essence, by storing this information, we increase the ease of your transactions and browsing experience.
We may use your information to send the occasional email, which will always contain information of value. This may include newsletter, email updates, news or promotions.
How is your information protected?
We have employed a number of rigid, fortified security measures and regulations designed to safeguard your personal data. We hold our web visitors to an exceedingly high standard, and make concerted efforts to always protect personal information from being compromised in any way. We are always vigilant of our web practices and our web security, and work consistently to implement web security.
Are Cookies used?
We do not use web cookies to track consumer behavior. Our website is intended only for informative purposes. We do not have a commercial or advertising agenda in any sense.
Is information disclosed to third parties?
We adhere to strict measures designed to protect your personal information. We refrain from the disclosure of personal information to third parties. Furthermore, we do not sell your information to third parties. This, however, excludes trusted business partners or trusted third parties with whom we work concurrently. Under no conditions do we violate these measures, unless it is in compliance with the law, in which case, disclosure is required.
Third Party Links
We may include links to other websites strictly for informational purposes. We understand that there is a large network of recycling companies and websites that may be of benefit to our web visitors. However, we are not liable for the actions behaviors, decisions and misconduct of any of the companies associated with these outside links. These links are merely set in place for informative reasons.
Consent
Compliance with our privacy policy is enforced upon visiting our website.
CONTACT US
SERVICEMedical Computers
What’s New
No Win No Fee Claims Against Hospitals
Why help poor countries in need?
Why are computers important for medical uses?
Recycle Your Medical Computers, Improve the Environment
Recycle Your Medical Computer and Cash In