http://www.appcontrols.com/privacy.html
HOME  |  SEARCH  |  CONTACT US  |  SITE MAP
Quick Search:
AppControls
DiskControls
Components
Software
Download
Order
Customers Login
Contact
Home
App Controls
Disk Controls
Components
Software
Download
Ordering
Customers Login
Search
Help/Support
• Online manuals
• Demos
About
Privacy
Contact us
Privacy policy
This statement describes the privacy practices we use for our website, transaction of information via E-mail and distribution of our customer list. We reserve the right to change this policy at any time. If you have any questions about our privacy practices, please feel free to contact us.
In General
In cases where we do keep information about visitors to our site and the E-mail addresses of people who write to us, we store it in our secure computing environment, not on the web. We store this information, but we DON'T sell it or release it to third parties.
When You Visit Our Site
When you visit our site and when you use our site's interactive
features (like the
customers control panel), our computer system records your IP address and the
information you enter. There is no personal information about you in these transactions. We store
this information, but we DON'T sell it or release it to third parties.
When You Send Us E-Mail
We read all our E-mail feedback. Our goal is to reply within 48 hours to messages that need a response. Our computer system stores old E-mails and addresses of those who sent them, but we DON'T sell or release this information to third parties.
When You Subscribe to News@AppControls.com
We keep your E-mail address on file so we can send you our electronic newsletter. If you cancel your subscription to the newsletter, we delete your address from our database. We DON'T sell or give out E-mail addresses of subscribers to this service.
When You Order Our Products
All orders processed by ShareIt payment service.
All credit card data are transmitted via their server, using the secure (encrypted) HTTP protocol according to the current SSL standard.
When you purchasing our products, ShareIt sending us the confirmation message with customer details, but does NOT
providing us by any payment information. We are never receiving and not collecting ANY credit card information.
Please see privacy statement and FAQs of ShareIt.Com for more details.
Our Customer List
Our customer list is internally used by our company, Utilmind Solutions®. Our customers can modify their personal information and E-mail address in the control panel. We store this information and keep it private and secure, but we DON'T sell it or release it to third parties.
Since all our products are delivered via electronic download only, we NOT using and NEVER recording your postal (“snail-mail”) address.
AppControls
The AppControls is the set of over 82 top quality components for Borland Delphi and C++ Builder.
Don't waste your time to make cosmetic features and great interfaces!
Your programs will able to have additional custom buttons on the title bar / menu
items in the system menu, have context-sensitive help without bulky help-files, lets
your forms to dock on the screen edges (like taskbar panel), forms can be magnetized
to desktop borders and be attached to other windows (like winamp player does), auto-upgrade
itself from the Web when newest releases will available, upload and store additional files
inside your Delphi/BCB forms, and a whole bunch of others great features!
See Overview for more details.
DiskControls
Disk Controls is set of 22+ components that can make your
life much easier if you developing software that works with
disks (Hard / Floppy / CD / RAM / Network), shell and file system.
See Overview for more details.
AppControls | DiskControls | Components | Software | Download
Order | Customers | Manuals | Demos | Privacy | Contact Us
Copyright © 1998—2005, Aleksey Kuznetsov & UtilMind Solutions®. All Rights Reserved..Page last updated: Nov 2, 2011 at 23:36. V: 32908