http://www.nguard.com/privacy
nGuard – 100% Focused on Security
Your Privacy
nGuard is committed to maintaining the trust and confidence of our customers and visitors to our web site. In particular, we want you to know that we are not in the business of selling or renting individuals' personal data to other companies for marketing purposes. In this Privacy Policy, we provide detailed information on when and why we collect personal information, how we use it, the limited conditions under which we may disclose it to others, and how we keep it secure.
Collection and Use of Personal Information
Personal information means any information that may be used to identify you, such as: your name, title, phone number.
In general, you can browse our web site without giving us any personal information.
Some activities on our site require your registration.
We use that information for several general purposes: to tell you about products, seminars, and service, if you so request; to fulfill your request; to contact you if we need to obtain or provide additional information; to verify the accuracy of our records; or to contact you regarding customer satisfaction surveys.
Disclosure of Personal Information
In some instances, we rely on our partners to fulfill product trials and information requests, and to provide customers and prospective customers with information about nGuard and its solutions. To do this, we may pass your information to them for that purpose only, and they are prohibited from using that information for any other purpose.
nGuard sometimes uses 3rd parties to supplement our services offerings.
In this event, your information may be passed to them for that purpose only, and they are prohibited from using that information for any other purpose.
By using our web site and providing us with your personal data, you consent to this transferring of your personal data as described above.
Children and Privacy
Our web site does not offer information intended to attract children. We do not knowingly solicit personal information from children under the age of 18.
Use of Cookies
A cookie is a small text file containing information that a web site transfers to your computer's hard disk for record-keeping purposes. Cookies allow us to analyze our site traffic patterns and to provide a user-friendly registration and log-in process. A cookie can not give us access to your computer or to information beyond what you provide to us. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies. Consult your browser's manual or online help if you want information on restricting or disabling the browser's handling of cookies. If you disable cookies, you can still view the publicly available information on our web site, but you will not be able to take advantage of offers or activities that nGuard may provide.
If you are using a shared computer and you have cookies turned on, be sure to log off when you finish.
Links to Other Web Sites
Our web site contains links to information on other web sites. We do not have any control over these other web sites; and therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information that you provide while visiting those sites. Those sites are not governed by this Privacy Policy. If you have questions about how a site uses your information, consult that site's privacy statement.
By using our web site, you consent to the collection and use of the information you provide to us as outlined in this Privacy Policy. We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time and without notice. If we change our Privacy Policy, we will publish those changes on this page.
Featured Solutions
Security Assessments
Compliance
Cyber Security IncidentResponse
Managed Security
Intrusion Prevention& Detection
Security Event Management
Cloud Security Services
Mobile Security
Let's Get Started
Contact us at 1-866-888-7111 or complete the form below.
Thank you for your interest in nGuard. A representative will contact you shortly.