http://www.apexpacific.com/order/agreement_and_policy.html
Agreement and Policy
Home
/
Order
/
Agreement and Policy
Agreement and Privacy Policy
Apex Pacific Pty Ltd has been doing business on-line since 1997. In order to demonstrate our firm's commitment to you, and protect your privacy, we'd like to share our policies on information gathering, customer privacy, security, returns, unsolicited email, and more.
#1 Ordering Apex Software is 100% risk-free
Test our software for 30 days for One-Off payment product or 14 days for subscription product. If you don't like the full version, you'll get your money back.
#2 Refund Policies
We offer a "unconditional" refund policy on all our products (30 days for One-Off payment product or 14 days for subscription product). If you're not 100% satisfied, please let us know !Please note, we do not offer refunds for our XGen SEO Online service as we must compensate for the large amount of resources that were used to provide the service.
Refund requirements
Customers must make this claim within the first 30 days for One-Off payment product or 14 days for subscription product after purchased. There are no refunds after this period.
Customers must agree to uninstall and delete our software from all computers or servers they installed the software on.
#3 Billing and Invoicing
Invoices will be generated upon request only for clients who are on a subscription plan. Invoices can also be generated to once-off payment purchases upon request only. Invoices are sent at the end of each month via email as PDF formats. To request for invoices to be emailed to you for your payment charges please contact service@apexpacific.com
#4 Subscription for engine data update
Your initial purchase includes 12 months engine data update subscription. To continue using the software after that period you are required to purchase renewal subscription periodically on a yearly basis. Purchase the Engine Data Renewal here.
#5 Subscription Policy
PPC BidMax(Dynamic BidMaximizer) / xGen SEO
If your purchase includes PPC BidMax or xGen SEO, you will be charged either on a monthly or yearly basis according to the payment plan you have selected. If your purchase of the PPC BidMax or xGen SEO is included within the Internet Marketing Suite or any other bundle packages, you will be charged on a monthly basis according to the monthly fee of the PPC BidMax or xGen SEO. If you do not wish to continue with the service you must notify Apex Pacific 5 days prior to your next billing date.
Please note that monthly and yearly subscription accounts are automatically renewed in advance, prior the end of each billing period.
Email Tracker Subscriptions
If you have created an Email Tracker account you will be charged either on a monthly or yearly basis according to the payment plan you have selected. If you wish to un-subscribe you must notify us 5 days prior to your next billing date. No refunds will be taken into account if you do not submit your request through the online support form.
Refund Subscription Policy
We offer 14 days money back guarantee for subsription products. That means, if you cancel within 14 days from the initial sign-up date, your credit card will be refunded 100% of the fee charged for the subscription. If you cancel after 14 days, you are not entitled for a refund.Please refer to the Cancellation Policy to terminate your account after 14 days from the initial sign-up date.
Please note that this does not apply to XGen Online subscriptions.
Cancellation Policy
To terminate your subscription you are required to give us notice, at least 5 business days prior to the billing date. For termination to take effect, you must submit your cancellation request through the online cancellation form. Your account will be terminated on the last day of your latest billing cycle if we receive your cancellation request.
PayPal Subscription Payment: If you are paying by PayPal, you will have full control over your subscription payment under PayPal. If you want to terminate your subscription at anytime, you must login to your PayPal account and cancel your PayPal subscription payment yourself. Once we received the cancellation notice from PayPal, your account will be cancelled. There is no refund will be issued if you did not follow this instruction.
Please note: We will contact you within 24 hours once we receive your refund or cancellation request. If you do not hear back from us within 24 hours, it means that we either did not receive your email or you did not receive our response for some reason. In this case, please contact us again by calling (us)+1 323 319 6318 or (au)+61 2 9662 3433.
#6 Your Personal Information
Our site uses forms for information requests and orders. Contact information from all forms (including name, address, email address, payment info, registration info etc.) is used to process and deliver orders and mail information about our company to our customers. At no time do we share any of this information with any other person or company. Any financial information our customers submit, such as credit card number and expiration date is used only to charge the customer for the products and services they are purchasing.
#7 Information security and quality
We intend to protect the quality and integrity of your personally identifiable information. We have implemented appropriate technical and managerial procedures to maintain information that is accurate, current, and complete. We will make a sincere effort to respond to your requests to correct personal information inaccuracies in a timely manner. All secure orders are processed using SSL technology via secure server. All customer contact information including credit card number and name and address is guarded with the utmost security and discretion.
#8 Unsolicited email
We do not use, nor do we condone the use of unsolicited bulk email. Validated complaints against our affiliates/associate/referral partner/dealer result in cancellation of their account(s). We take this issue very seriously. Please report any incidents of unsolicited email coming from or mentioning the Dynamic Software Products or our domains (apexpacific.com, submission2000.com, and edynamicsoft.com) to abuse@apexpacific.com for a prompt and personal reply. All matters will be investigated and dealt with promptly.
#9 Subscribe/Unsubscribe
We offer a free e-newsletter, The Dynamic Internet Marketing E-Zine. We never rent this opt-in list of email addresses. We do however, offer sponsorship advertising in each issue and send special alerts and promotion / sale announcements to our subscribers from time to time. Subscribers may opt-out of receiving any future messages by sending an email message to: unsubscribe@dynamicinternetmarketing.com from the address which they subscribed.
#10 Business relationships
The Apex Pacific web site contains links to other Web sites. Apex Pacific Pty Ltd is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
#11 Cookies
A cookie is an element of data that a Web site can send to your browser, which may then store it on your computer. Our web site uses cookies at links to various affiliate programs, to ensure proper commission tracking. We also use cookies or other technologies so that we can better serve you when you return to our site. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it.
Explore more
New Order
Softwares
Upgrade Order
Engine Data Renewal
Price List
Special Promotion
Support
Contact Us
Policies
Agreement Policy
Support Policy
Upgrade Policy
Newsletters
Subscribe to NetMarketer
Newsletter Archive
Testimonials
We submit our website using SEO Suite and over the past 2 years our website traffic has gone from a few hundred visitors, to over 10,000+ visitors per month. This month has not yet finished and we have already had 10,417 visits (111,335 hits) and our sales are up by over 30% per month.
Read all testimonials
Other SEM Tools
PPC Bid management Software
Site Statistics Package
Email Marketing Software
Site Statistics Package
Email Validator Software
Internet Marketing Suite