http://www.surveyshare.com/survey/info/privacy
Log In
|
Help
SurveyShare
menu
close
Quick Tour
Plans & Pricing
Features
Templates
Design Tips
Create Survey
Privacy Notice
Yea, we hate spam too.
The Information We Collect from Users When you sign up for
SurveyShare.com, we request
certain pieces of information such as names, e-mails, addresses, and
other contact information.
We also collect site usage information, the "log", which
identifies your IP address, and requested resources.
We use this information to provide the services of survey creation,
survey publication by e-mail, Facebook, and Twitter, recording survey
data, and aggregating and visualizing survey data. We may use your
e-mail address to contact you about updates to SurveyShare, this
privacy policy, or the terms of service. We may also contact you with
information regarding your account, such as a pending account
expiration.
The Information We Collect from Survey Participants
When requested by survey type (public or private survey) we will collect the e-mail address of the
survey participant. We also record the IP address of the survey participant.
SurveyShare will not use e-mail addresses collected from a survey participant,
other than in the administration of that survey. The e-mail
address will not be shared or sold to others.
It will not be used for
any marketing purposes, and we will not send e-mail to this address.
We collect the responses entered while participating in the survey and
record this. This data is available to the person administering the
survey.
Cookies
We use cookies to identify you. We also use cookies to track site usage.
Disclosure
We may disclose your personally identifiable information to comply with law enforcement requests or when you violate the
terms of service. We may also disclose your personally identifiable information
to third parties, such as payment gateways, to help fulfill services you request.
From time to time we may also aggregate log information and share this information with third parties
to help improve the site. We aggregate data is such a way that no individual is personally identifiable in the aggregate data.
Date Storage
Your data is securely stored on servers owned by us. We use a reliable hosting company, Celito,
to provide connectivity to the Internet.
Changes
We may periodically make changes to our privacy policy. We will notify you by way of your primary contact e-mail as well as
post notice on our homepage.
Questions?
Please feel free to Contact Us!
Help
How-To
Design Tips
Templates
About
Blog
Contact Us
Terms | Privacy
Copyright © 2001 - 2020 Research Tools, Inc.