https://www.easysign.com/about-us/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
We respect your privacy. On this page, we explain what kinds of personal information we collect, why, and we how we can and will protect your privacy.
Why we collect personal information
Products and services
We need some personal details to process your order. Who are you, how can we contact you, what’s your billing address? We won’t ask more than absolutely required. The data we ask various per order, as we need other information for software licenses than we do for phyiscal products.
Forum
Whenever you make a contribution to our forum, we keep track of the date and time of your post, your current IP address, and of course your name and contribution. We store your IP address as this is one of the very few alternatives to prevent spamming and scamming on online fora.
Your account
When you sign in to your account, a cookie is stored on your PC to remember you, for your and our convenience. This cookie contains very basic information and we won’t try to identify you on other websites using this cookie. We will also set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies at all. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser. If you log out of your account, the account cookies will be removed.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
As we can’t control this, we will try to keep the amount of embedded content to a bare minimum.
How we store your data
First things first: everything you send to us, will be transported over an SSL encrypted connection. This means that it is impossible for hackers to tap the information. Second, we store your information in our database that’s only accessible by us and relevant parties that develop our website.
Who we share your data with
Nobody! Only EasySIGN employees who need access to certain kinds of personal information to process orders or serve any other need will have access to this information. We will never share your personal details with anybody else.
In the unlikely event that we do need to share your information with others, either within or outside of EasySIGN, we will only share information that is actually relevant. If possible, we will try to share it anonymously. In case we need to make your personal data available to third parties established in the United States of America, we ensure you that such parties provide the same degree of care to protect your personal information as we do.
Questions?
You may always contact us if you have questions regarding your privacy or the data we’ve collected about you. Get in touch with our support team.
Are you ready to make things EASY?
GET NOW