https://www.pspinc.com/eng/page/privacy
HomeAbout UsHistoryLeadershipMedia / Public RelationsCareersIn The CommunityProducts & ServicesHosting & Datacenter ServicesWeb & Mobile App DevelopmentCloud Application ServicesAdditional ServicesPartners & ResellersOffers and PromotionsContactBlog
Seattle Web Hosting & Custom Web Design
My Tagline Goes Here
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
What This Privacy Policy Covers
This policy covers how PSPinc treats personal information that PSPinc collects and receives, including information related to your past use of PSPinc products and services. Personal information is information about you that is personally identifiable like your name, address, email address, or phone number, and that is not otherwise publicly available.
Moreover, this policy applies when PSPinc is acting as a data controller with respect to personal data and personal information as defined under the Genera Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
General
PSPinc collects personal information when you register with PSPinc, when you use PSPinc products or services, when you visit PSPinc pages or the pages of certain PSPinc partners. PSPinc may combine information about you that we have with information we obtain from business partners or other companies.
When you register we ask for information such as your name, email address, birth date, gender, zip code, occupation, industry, and personal interests. For some financial products and services we may also ask for your address, Social Security number, and information about your assets. Once you register with PSPinc and sign in to our services, you are not anonymous to us.
PSPinc collects information about your transactions with us and with some of our business partners, including information about your use of financial products and services that we offer.
PSPinc automatically receives and records information on our server logs from your browser, including your IP address, PSPinc cookie information, and the page you request.
PSPinc uses information for the following general purposes: to customize the advertising and content you see, fulfill your requests for products and services, improve our services, contact you, conduct research, and provide anonymous reporting for internal and external clients.
In addition to the foregoing purposes for which we may process your personal information and data, we may also process any of your personal information where such processing is necessary for compliance with legal obligations or to protect your interests of another individual.
The legal basis for processing your personal information tendered above is consent. Please do not supply any other personal information to us unless we prompt you to do so.
Information Sharing and Disclosure
By voluntarily providing your personal information and requesting services, you expressly consent in advance to our use of your personal information for the stated marketing purposes. That said, PSPinc does not rent, sell, or share personal information about you with other people or nonaffiliated companies except to provide products or services you've requested, when we have your permission, or under the following circumstances:
We provide the information to trusted partners who work on behalf of or with PSPinc under confidentiality agreements. These companies may use your personal information to help, as reasonably necessary, PSPinc communicate with you about offers from PSPinc and our marketing partners. However, these companies do not have any independent right to share this information. Each such third party will act as a data controller in relation to the personal information supplied to it, and, upon contacting you, each third party will provide you with access to its own privacy policy which will govern its use of your personal information.
We respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims;
We believe it is necessary to share information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, including yourself, violations of PSPinc's terms of use, or as otherwise required by law.
We transfer information about you if PSPinc is acquired by or merged with another company. In this event, PSPinc will notify you before information about you is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
PSPinc does not provide any personal information to the advertiser when you interact with or view a targeted ad. However, by interacting with or viewing an ad you are consenting to the possibility that the advertiser will make the assumption that you meet the targeting criteria used to display the ad.
Cookies
PSPinc may set and access PSPinc cookies on your computer. If these cookies are not necessary for the provision of our services, you will be asked to consent to our use of cookies when you first visit the website.
Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove or reject first- and third-party cookies. Please note that if you choose to remove or reject cookies, this could affect the availability and functionality of services PSPinc may provide to you.
Confidentiality and Security
We limit access to personal information about you to employees who we believe reasonably need to come into contact with that information to provide products or services to you or in order to do their jobs and for the legal basis stated within this privacy policy.
We have physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect personal information about you. PSPinc and the hosting facilities for this website are located in the United States.
We store the information we collect for as long as it is necessary for the purpose(s) for which we originally collected it. We may retain certain information for legitimate business purposes or as required by law.
Should a data breach occur, PSPinc shall take reasonable steps to notify you within 72 hours of first discovering the breach, including by public announcement or direct contact via the personal information you have provided.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
PSPinc may update this policy from time to time by publishing an updated version to the website. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your PSPinc account or by placing a prominent notice on our site. Despite this notification, you should check this page occasionally to ensure you are satisfied with any changes to this policy.
Your Rights
Pursuant to the GDPR, you may instruct us to provide you with, or erase, any personal information we hold about you, subject to the following:
The provision of this information is conditioned upon the payment of a reasonable fee for this service;
You supply PSPinc with evidence of your identity, the adequacy of which shall be determined in PSPinc’s reasonable discretion.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, we may withhold personal information that you request to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Questions and Suggestions
If you have questions or suggestions, please contact us at:
PSPinc Pacific Software Publishing, Inc. 1404 140th Place N.E., Bellevue, WA 98007 USA Phone: 425-957-0808
This policy was created on June 12, 2018.
HomeAbout UsHistoryLeadershipMedia / Public RelationsCareersIn The CommunityProducts & ServicesHosting & Datacenter ServicesWeb & Mobile App DevelopmentCloud Application ServicesAdditional ServicesPartners & ResellersOffers and PromotionsContactBlog
English Japanese