https://www.brickweb.co.uk/terms-conditions
Terms of business
Shared Server SLA
Nominet .uk
Abuse
Customer Care
Terms and Conditions
Brick technology Limited offers its clients Web Design and Development, Web Hosting, Domain and Search Engine Optimisation Services complying with inter­national standards. The following Terms and Conditions document is a legal agreement between Brick technology Limited. (“BRICK”) hereafter called “the Company” and YOU “­­Customer/­­­Client” for the purposes stated in the contract. These Terms and Conditions set forth the provisions under which the Customer may use the services rendered by us. By commu­nicating your acceptance either verbally or in writing, you have offered to take up the relevant services of Brick technology Limited [BRICK] set out below. Our Agreement starts on the date that you sign the first contract or the date we start work. You may not withdraw that offer without our consent except as stipulated under the Terms. This does not affect your statutory rights. If you are a new customer and/or there is no existing agreement with BRICK, the following are our standard terms of working. WEB DESIGN AND DEVELOPMENT The Company is an Internet web design and development provider offering the Customer graphical design, HTML, JavaScript, PHP, CSS and other related computer programming languages. Statement of Work – Offer and Acceptance We do not have a standard web design and development package. Our web design and development quotes are unique and depend on your requirement and job done by us. When you place an order to design and develop a website from the Company, the order represents an offer to the Company to purchase our web services. No contract for the supply of services to you comes into existence until the Company sends an invoice to you for payment. The invoice payment equals acceptance by the Company of your offer to purchase services from the Company and this acceptance of work is a valid contract between you and the Company. The Company has the right to withdraw from contract at any time prior to acceptance. If a functional specifi­cation and a set of testing criteria are included within the quotation, the Company is responsible for fulfilling the testing criteria as the sole criteria for completion of the contract. You agree that the standard development platform (Brick technology’s proprietary platform “BRICKcms”) of the Company is an agreeable platform for development of the website and all acceptance testing will occur only on the BRICKcms platform. You further agree that any requests relating to hardware or software outside the standard development platform will be deemed additional work. You agree to provide any needed information and content required by the Company in good time to enable the Company to complete a design or website work as part of an agreed project. The time given to you for production of your website is dependent upon you giving us relevant information and art work and signing of any proofs in good time, otherwise our progress will be delayed. In the case you provide all the necessary contents for the website within the stipulated time, we will endeavour to get your site live as soon as possible. If you do not provide us with the art work or relevant information to complete the site within the six months of the initial order, the contract will be deemed completed. In such an event, all outstanding payments shall be paid immediately. The Company shall make every effort to ensure sites are designed to be viewed by the majority of visitors. The Company guarantees to provide maximum possible functi­onality with the allocated hours and funds. However, this excludes any third party software which is provided with no guarantee. Payment of the final invoice will be deemed as acceptance and approval that the project has been delivered in full.  Intellectual Property You are responsible for all the information provided by you. You will need to get permission for any material content to be incorporated in your website from the relevant person or company if needed. BRICK Creative will not be held responsible for information acquired from you. You agree to hold harmless, protect and defend the Company from any claim or suit that may arise as a result of using the supplied media and content. Copyright of the completed web design, images, pages, code and source files created by the Company and any other Intellectual properties belong to BRICK technology Limited unless otherwise agreed to before the contract has started. These Terms of the Agreement grant a non-exclusive limited license to the extent that use of this website is restricted to a single company of yours. You are not permitted to use a design for more than one website without prior written agreement between you and the Company. Duplication of our code without prior consent will be deemed a breach of contract. You agree that resale or distribution of the completed files is forbidden unless prior written agreement is made between Customer and the Company. You agree to abide by the terms of any third party software or media included within any work done for you. Examples of this include, but are not limited to, Google maps, RSS feeds, Open Source GPL Software etc. Prohibited Contents The Company reserves the right to refuse to handle: any media that is unlawful or inapprop­riate­, constitutes harassment, racism, violence, obscenity, harmful intent or spamming, a criminal offence, or infringes privacy or copyright; that contains a virus or hostile program. During a website project it is important that you communicate information to the Company to achieve the required result. If you fail to provide information and images related to the website in due time, it will lengthen the project and delay the delivery. BRICK will not take respon­­sibility for loss of earnings or any other losses on account of the delay. If you take more than 6 months to provide information or artwork directly related to the design or/and development of the project then the Company deems the project as complete and has right to demand full payment. Payment Terms Payment for projects is to be made in three instalments unless otherwise stated at the time of contract. Generally, we take 40% of the total fee upfront, another 30% after proofs are provided and the project is implemented and the balance before coding is complete and the site goes live. BRICK will price individual projects based on hours and will apply an allocation of the maximum hours needed for the project. In case a project is to overrun on hours, you agree to pay the charges at our standard hourly rate. The standard rate is £100 per hour, but BRICK does reserve the right to discount this hourly rate without effecting the terms and conditions. If the Customer requests design, functi­onality or content alterations to pages that have already been completed, new pages or different functi­onality other than that specified in the original quotation, the Company reserves the right to quote separately for these alterations. Prices are subject to change without notice. All quoted prices are exempt of VAT unless specified. All invoices must be paid in full within 30 days of the invoice date, except where agreed at the Company’s own discretion. The Company reserves the right to decline further work on a project if there are invoices outstanding with the Customer. The Company reserves the right to remove its work for you from the Internet if payments are not received. After completion of the site, you or a third party of your choice may wish to edit your website html code yourselves to make updates. However, you agree that in so doing you assume full respon­­sibility for any issues which
occur as a result of changing the code yourselves. If you or a third party of your choice edits the website code and this results in functi­onality errors or the page displaying incorrectly, then the Company reserves the right to quote for work to repair the website. WEB HOSTING You understand that web hosting requires monthly support and provision charges. We host our domains on behalf of you through various data centres which allow Brick technology Limited full access. Server Use Brick technology Limited [BRICK] reserves the right to refuse service and/or access to its servers to anyone. BRICK does not allow excessive download content or non-linked content. We operate a fair usage policy. Your webspace and bandwidth allocations are published in your control centre BRICK reserves the right to move your data to a different server with no previous notice. Support Support is available from your control centre, we reserve the right to suspend service from time to time for ongoing maintenance. High bandwidth usage BRICK offers fair usage policy based upon your quota published in your control centre. If you exceed this quota we reserve the right to charge you addi­ti­onally. High Data Base Usage If you exceed the limits on the webspace quota then we will automati­cally charge you for the additional space you use at our webspace/­bandwidth current rate of £1.50 per GB per month. High Resources Policy Resources are defined as bandwidth, processor utilisation or disc space. BRICK may implement the following policy at its sole discretion:
When a website is found to be exceeding the resources available, BRICK reserves the right to suspend that site immediately. This policy is only implemented in extreme circum­stances and is intended to prevent the misuse of our servers. Customers may be offered an option whereby BRICK continues hosting the website for an additional fee or to offer you a dedicated server at an additional charge. Uploads via Scripting Languages We limit uploads made via scripting languages. Your quota is published in your control centre. Payment Policies All projects are priced for the build and deployment only. Although BRICK reserves the right to change prices of accounts or services at any time, all project pricing is for a 12 month period. After such time, monthly charges for support and maintenance are due. Payment is due every month after 12 months upon receipt of the project deposit invoice. Customers will automati­cally be charged monthly unless 1 month’s notification of cancellation has already been given in writing. Our monthly charges are £90 per month per domain/­website hosted with bandwith charges of £1.50 per month per GB above your contracted usage. Secure Certificates (SSL) are charged at £99 per annum per domain. Websites and Mobile applications are classed as 2 separate projects and will be charged as individual projects. In situations where Customer has not paid, BRICK will immediately suspend all services on-line until outstanding charge is processed successfully and you shall still be liable to pay for the ongoing hosting fees. In addition BRICK reserves the right to suspend the other services until the outstanding debt is cleared. Any non-payment of a recurring invoice is subject to a £20 admi­­nis­­tra­­tion charge. Customer is responsible for all money owed on the account from the time it was established to the time the Customer sends a cancellation request (1 months’ notice) in writing. In the event of a dispute you shall not withhold payment. We will investigate any dispute and issue refunds where relevant. BRICK reserves the right to terminate/­­suspend any service if payment schedules are not being followed. All payment are in Pound Sterling and all prices are displayed ex-VAT unless stated otherwise. Cancellation and Refunds BRICK reserves the right to cancel the service at any time. Fees are charged on a Pre-pay basis and are non-refundable. In addition, some accounts incur set-up fees; these charges are also non-refundable. In case cancellation is initiated by the customer you must give us 1 months’ notice in writing, any agreed work subsequent to the cancellation the customer will be charged our standard hourly charge in addition to any other applicable charges. If a customer contravenes BRICK terms of service, a refund will not be issued in the event of cancel­lation. All Hosting and support services are charged at a monthly rate. You must give BRICK 1 full calendar months’ notice in writing. Charge backs Any customer withdrawing payments via Bank or Credit card [a “­chargeback”] may be subject to a punitive fee of £50, should the company deem this charge back to be unfair. The Company also reserves its rights to defend such charge backs and recover the original monies from the card issuer. DOMAIN NAMES The domain name is registered in your own name, with the address and contact details of the Company. You should be aware that the domain name is registered through a registrar which may be Brick technology Limited and as such you shall agree to fully abide by the terms and conditions set out by BRICK or the third party for such services.. You agree to take all legal respon­­sibility for use of third party domain name and hosting services and supply truthful details to the third party services. You agree that the information submitted for registration of domain names is then available to the general public via the registrars Whois system. However, Clients who are using their website for non-trading purposes may ask the third party registrar for their contact information not to be included in the registrars Whois system. You are liable to pay the Company for any domain name regis­tra­tions including but not limited to further domain name registration fees, domain name transfer charges, yearly domain name renewals, hosting charges, yearly hosting renewals, hosting upgrades, extra disk space, bandwidth and any other related or hidden charges levied by a third party that BRICK are not aware. Brick technology Limited will make every effort to renew your domain names on your behalf. In case it is not renewed, Brick technology Limited cannot be held responsible for non-renewal of your domains and as a customer you should check to see if your domain names have been renewed annually. You agree to pay the domain name and hosting fees and all renewal fees as soon as demanded by the Company. In the event of non-payment, Brick technology Limited may take ownership of your domain name. All alterations are to be requested preferably in writing by email, or verbally in case of urgent necessity. We are not liable for the consequences of any requests made to us. After the allocated time for alterations is used up, either in design or coding, the Company reserves the right to advise you as such and send a separate quotation to you and to request payment for any further alterations. Internet Marketing Services By entering in to an agreement (verbal or written) for Internet Marketing services, you will pay BRICK for the contract period set and the hours allocated to do the job. In case of any delay in payments, BRICK reserves the right to suspend the service and not work on the site. However, you shall be charged for the hours allocated. This will affect your results in the search engine. However, BRICK, at its discretion may decide to reallocate these missed hours, if possible. Period Unless mutually agreed, this agreement shall last for a period 3 months Either you or BRICK may terminate this Agreement by giving to the other party 30 days written notice of its intention to do so. Payment Policy You shall pay the monthly fee every month in advance. Disclaimer You understand that Search Engines are independent companies who select the rank sites using their own criteria. We will optimise your pages to enable them to appear on the regional listings/­­­search engines; however BRICK cannot guarantee appearance and position on search engines. While you must follow BRICK’s recom­­men­­dations for optimising its website for Search Engine Listing in order to maximize its chances of increasing its Search Engine exposure you acknowledge that BRICK does not and cannot guarantee that Customer’s website ranking will be improved in any Search Engine listing. To enable BRICK to optimise your websites you must provide login details for your website and other third party tools such as Google Analytics, Webmaster tools and Google Adwords and you acknowledge that the BRICK cannot undertake any optimisation until such login details have been provided. Search Engines BRICK’s list of the most important Search Engines includes those Search Engines that BRICK considers to be the most important with regard to popularity, language, content, location, coverage or any other criteria that BRICK using its expertise considers suitable. BRICK and the Customer will choose a suitable set of words to search for in the Search Engines. This will be used as a test phrase to assess how your website is ranking in Search Engines. General A person who is not a party to this Agreement has no right under The Contracts [Rights of Third Parties] Act 1999 [“The Act”] to enforce any terms of this Agreement or the Terms but this provision does not affect any right or remedy of any third party which exists or is available apart from under the Act. BRICK may also pay third parties for links or adver­­tise­­ments; the cost of this will either be deducted from your available hours or added to your bill. BRICK will allocate on a monthly basis the time allowed in your contract to do Search Engine Optimisation and you will responsible to pay us for that time and any additional hours if requested by you. GENERAL TERMS AGREEMENT You agree that the information that you have given us or give to us in the future is correct and is in no way misleading, offensive or against any Country’s Law. You will maintain secrecy of your pass words and will be solely responsible for any unauthorised access to your account by any person. TERMINATION You hereby acknowledge and agree that BRICK may terminate its services or involvement with you, at any stage or at any time during the introductory and/or negotiation and/or facilitation process, by giving you written notice thereof, without BRICK having to provide you with any specific explanation or reason, or without BRICK having any legal or financial obligation or liability towards you of whatsoever nature. This Agreement may be terminated at any time if:
(a) your website contains any material which is illegal, pornog­raphic, radically abusive or is likely to cause offence or to damage BRICK reputation; (b) you commit any material breach of this agreement; (c) you enter into liquidation whether compulsory or voluntary, as a receiver or admi­nis­trator appointed, enter into any arrangement with your creditors or cease or threaten to cease to trade; (d) you stop paying BRICK. However, we will give you seven days to meet any such obligation before terminating our Agreement. SUSPENSION OF SERVICES We reserve the right to suspend all or any of the services that we have given to you, including those that have been already paid for should any of these terms not be met. CHARGES AND PAYMENTS The price that we charge you for our services is stated in your invoices. You will pay to us all the charges on their due dates. Payment will either be in advance or by invoice. We reserve the right to make that decision. You can and may request additional services at any time after your Agreement has started. If we agree to provide you with these services you will pay the additional services that they incur. We will charge you for any admi­­nis­­tra­­tion costs and loss of work that have occurred for any payment not being met for whatever reason or that has not been honoured by your bank or any method of payment that has been made by you to us. The charge for these defaults for non-payment and indeed any default of payment regardless of what it is or how it has been caused will be 100% of all outstanding order values. Should this debt have to be recovered in the Court additional charges including all legal and recovery costs will be charged to you. As a director or owner of your business you also give us your personal guarantee that all monies owed to us if your business is unable to meet them will be paid by you. REFUND POLICY All services are rendered ensuring its quality. We generally take upfront and subsequent payments. If at any time in the service rendering process, you are not satisfied with the quality of work, you may bring it to our attention. We will investigate and decide about the refund. In general, we will not refund payments on time spent/­­­services rendered, since BRICK’s charges are based on the hours of work spent on the project. If a customer contravenes BRICK terms of service, a refund will not be issued in the event of cancel­lation. Refunds are only possible if we are unable to render the services to you. The refund will be based on the hours that you have paid for but not used. No refunds will be given for hours spent on research, development, design and admi­­nis­­tra­­tion. You are not entitled to a refund of any of our services if you:
Decide to discontinue the use of our services
Find our charges to be higher compared to others and you can’t afford the services;
Choose the wrong specifi­­cations for the service;
Knew about the particular fault prior to purchase; and/or
Were responsible for causing the fault. COPYRIGHT You represent to BRICK and uncon­­diti­­onally guarantee that any elements of text, graphics, photos, designs, trademarks, or other artwork furnished to BRICK for inclusion in Web Pages are owned by you, or that you have permission from the rightful owner to use each of these elements, and will hold harmless, protect, and defend BRICK and its subcon­­tractors from any claim or suit arising from the use of such elements furnished by you. Unless explicitly specified, it is assumed that: BRICK will hold all copyright to the site it designs, proprietary software and coding unless otherwise stated in writing; It will remain the sole intellectual property of BRICK;
BRICK will own the intellectual property rights in any service given to you. You will have no resell rights. If you require copies of your site, you will be charged by the hour for any costs that are incurred including postage and packaging. BRICK will not be responsible for any Copyright infringement or Domain name infringement against any law in any land brought on by your website. PRIVACY BRICK respects privacy of its clients. BRICK will not monitor, edit, or disclose any personal information about your accounts, including hosted content, without your prior consent, unless BRICK has a good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) comply with legal process or other legal requirements of any relevant authority; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of BRICK; (c) enforce the terms of a Task Order, this Agreement or these Terms and Conditions; or (d) protect the interests of users of BRICK’s Hosting Services. You acknowledge and agree that your IP address is transmitted and recorded with each message sent from the Hosting Service. CONFI­­DEN­­TI­­ALITY AND PROPRIETARY RIGHTS In this Agreement, “Confi­den­tial Information” shall mean any and all technical or business information, including third party information, furnished in connection with this Agreement, in whatever tangible form or medium, or disclosed by you to BRICK (including, but not limited to, product/­­­service specifi­­cations, prototypes, computer files and programs, models, drawings, marketing plans, financial data and personnel statistics). Notwith­­standing the termination, expiration or cancellation of this Agreement BRICK agrees to treat such Confidential Information as confidential for a period of ONE year from the date of receipt of same unless otherwise agreed to in writing by you. You will keep the details of the Agreement and any such information which you may learn about BRICK, our business technology and our clientele, strictly confidential and agreed not to disclose it to any third party. Upon termination, cancellation or expiration of this Agreement for any reason or upon request of the disclosing party, all Confidential Information, together with any copies of same as may be authorised herein, shall be returned. You agree that if BRICK suffers any loss or there is a failure from your end to meet any of these obligations, you agree to pay us directly and immediately for any proven losses that may occur. The obligations imposed in this Article shall not apply to any information that: (a) is known to the public (through no act or omission of BRICK in violation of this Agreement); (b) is lawfully acquired by BRICK from an independent source having no obligation to maintain the confi­­den­­ti­­ality of such information; (c) was known to BRICK prior to its disclosure under this Agreement; (d) was inde­pen­dently developed by the BRICK; or (e) is required to be disclosed by governmental or judicial order. The requirements of use and confi­­den­­ti­­ality set forth herein shall survive the expiration, termination or cancellation of this Agreement. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY The entire risk as to the quality and performance of the web pages and website is with you. (a) BRICK shall not be liable to you for any loss or damage [including but not limited to loss of data, loss of profits/­­sales, website downtime, loss of business or staff or management time incurred] caused or arising directly or indirectly out of BRICK’s services provided under this Agreement [except to the extent to which it is unlawful to exclude such liability under English Law]. (b) Notwith­standing the generality of (i) above BRICK expressly excludes liability for any indirect, special, conse­qu­en­tial or incidental loss or damage which may arise in respect of the services to be provided under this Agreement. (ii) In the event that any exclusion contained in this Agreement shall be held to be invalid for any reason and BRICK becomes liable for loss or damage that may lawfully be limited, such liability shall be limited to the whole amount paid by you during the preceding Initial Period or Renewal Period, as the case may be. (iii) BRICK does not exclude liability for death or personal injury to the extent only that the same arises as a result of the negligence of the BRICK, its employees, agents or authorised repre­sen­ta­tives. We will not be liable to make any payment to you including the return of deposits either in part or full for any delay or failure to meet any of our obligations under this or any other agreement made to you by either verbal, written or electronic means. This includes [but is not limited to] any events that are beyond our control such as our computers, technology in general, telec­­om­­mu­­nica­­tion equipment including satellite and internet suppliers. We are liable to you to cover the contract and services provided to you as long as none of the other points in this contract are broken by you. INDEMNITY You agree to use all Company services and facilities at your own risk and agree to defend, indemnify, save and hold BRICK harmless from any and all demands, liabilities, losses, costs and claims, including reasonable Attorney’s fees asserted against BRICK, its agents, its customers, officers and employees, that may arise or result from any services provided or performed or agreed to be performed or any product sold by you, your agent, employees or assigns. You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless BRICK against liabilities arising out of: (a) any injury to person or property caused by any products sold or otherwise distributed in connection with BRICK server; (b) any material supplied by you infringing or allegedly infringing on the proprietary rights of a third party; (c) copyright infrin­gement; (d) any defective products sold to customers from BRICK server and (e) claims arising from omission to inform or implement the updates needed for the site. You agree that this indem­­nifi­­cation extends to all aspects of the work completed by BRICK, including but not limited to website content and choice of domain name. WARRANTY DISCLAIMER BRICK makes no warranties with regard to the site and its contents. The Company cannot guarantee the functi­onality or operations of their website or that it will be uninter­rupted or error free, nor does it warrant that the contents are current, accurate or complete. BRICK is not responsible for any content published on your website that infringes any law, copyright or compliance. Customer is solely responsible for the security, confi­­den­­ti­­ality and integrity of all the content and messages received, transmitted through or stored on the web/server hosting service. BRICK will not be responsible for any damages or losses your business may suffer. BRICK makes no warranties of any kind, express or implied for services we provide. BRICK does not back up your data/website and while every attempt would be made in the unlikely event of any corruption or hardware failure. BRICK disclaims any warranty or merchan­­ta­­bility or fitness for a particular purpose. This includes loss of data resulting from delays, non-deliveries, wrong delivery, and any and all services inter­rup­tions caused by BRICK and its employees. BRICK reserves the right to revise its policies at any time. BRICK hands over files (your images and content) on request, once full payment has been made. However, the intellectual rights are the property of BRICK technology Limited unless stated otherwise at the time of contract. On handover of files from Company to you, you shall assume entire respon­­sibility in ensuring that all files are functioning correctly before use. While every effort is made to make sure files are error free, the Company cannot guarantee that the display or functi­onality of the web design or the website will be uninter­rupted or error free. If, after handover of files, errors are found in code the Company has created and the standard development platform, domain name set-up and hosting set-up are the same as when work began, then the Company can correct these errors for you free of charge for a period of 3 months, after acceptance of the work. After the 3-month period, the Company reserves the right to quote separately for any work involved in correcting an error. If, after handover of files, errors are found in code the Company has created and the standard development platform, or the domain name set-up or hosting set-up have been changed, the Company can correct errors and reserves the right to quote separately for any additional work needed as a result of changes to the browser software, domain name set-up or hosting set-up. The Company may from time to time recommend to you that updates are needed to your site, including but not limited to new legislation compliance, software compa­tibility and web standards. The Company reserves the right to quote for any updates as separate work. You agree that the Company is not liable for any failure to inform or implement these updates to their site. You agree that the Company is not liable for any failure to carry out services for reasons beyond its control, including but not limited to acts of God, telec­­om­­mu­­nica­­tion problems, software failure, hardware failure, third party inter­fer­ence, Government, emergency on a major scale or any social disturbance of extreme nature such as industrial strike, riot, terrorism and war or any act or omission of any third party services. You agree that the Company is not liable for any bugs, performance issues or failure of third party software as they are open-source softwares distributed under the GPL (“GNU General Public License”) and are maintained and developed by a community of thousands of users and Companies. Any bugs, performance issues or failure with the software will be directed to the respective Development community. GENERAL We will not be liable to return any art work to you or any other material that you supply to us for the purpose of providing our services to you. To maintain the quality of our service to our clients we reserve the right to change these terms and conditions and the nature of our services, which we have agreed to provide to you by publishing these on our website at www.­­brickweb.­­co.­­uk You may not transfer any of your rights or obligations under this Agreement to anyone else without our prior or written agreement. If you wish to write to us, please send your letter to our main office by means of a recorded method. Any other method apart from email with proof of sending will be classed as unsent. These terms and conditions together with the order schedule, work sheets and any additional attachments form the whole of our agreement. They apply in place of any terms and statement made to you by any BRICK repre­­sen­­tative. NOTICE All notices must be in writing. Notices to BRICK must be addressed to Brick technology Limited B1 East Terrace, Euxton Lane, Chorley Lancashire PR7 6TE or such other address as is advised by BRICK. Notices to the Customer will be considered validly given if addressed to your address as shown in the agreement or such other address as is advised by you to BRICK in writing. SEVERABILITY In the event that any provision of the Terms shall, in whole or in part, be determined to be invalid, unenfor­ce­able or void for any reason, such deter­mi­nation shall affect only the portion of such provision determined to be invalid, unenfor­ce­able or void, and shall not affect in any way the remainder of such provision or any other provision of the Terms. No waiver of any rights BRICK has under this Agreement shall be deemed from any failure by BRICK to enforce any part of this Agreement. AUTHORITY Any signatory on agreements warrants that he/she has the authority to commit the Customer to this Agreement and further confirms that this Agreement is made between two businesses. If any of the Customer’s payments are made by a credit card which is not in the name of the Customer then the Customer warrants that it has authorised payment to be made in this way and it is for the Customer to reimburse the card holder for any payment made on its behalf. GOVERNING LAW This Agreement and Terms shall be governed by and subject to the laws of England and Wales without regard to its rules concerning conflicts of law. The parties hereto irrevocably consent that all disputes which may arise out of or in connection with this Agreement or the Terms shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England.   © Brick technology Limited
Registered in: United Kingdom, Registration Number: 4599343, VAT Number: GB 834 3737 19