https://www.vtscada.com/privacy-policy
What is VTScada Software?
Free SCADA Software
SCADA Software Pricing
SCADA Software Licensing
SCADA Features
Industries Using VTScada
Software and Support Testimonials
Installation Maps
SCADA System Recommendations
Request a Quote
Trihedral Commitment to Privacy of Information
In the conduct of its business enterprise, the Trihedral group of companies is committed to compliance with all applicable laws for the safeguarding of personal data (information concerning an identifiable individual) and respect for the reasonable expectations of privacy of persons communicating with Trihedral, or accessing the Trihedral Website.
Non-public information submitted to Trihedral is protected from unauthorised access and accidental disclosure or destruction by means of secure custody which we believe are effective and which are updated from time to time to maintain technical effectiveness.
Use of Information Communicated to Trihedral
Information collected by Trihedral, including personal data, may be used internally to improve the products and services offered by Trihedral and for marketing and sales analysis purposes, but is never sold, leased or licensed by Trihedral for use by third parties. Where appropriate, Trihedral will enter into non-disclosure agreements with its prospective and present customers on mutually acceptable terms and conditions.
In the course of developing the products and services of Trihedral, and in specific projects undertaken in cooperation with other companies and agencies, Trihedral may share information concerning contact personnel and marketing opportunities with allied companies and commercial interests. By providing contact information and non-confidential information to Trihedral, you consent to such communication of the information and accept the terms of this Privacy Policy.
Amendment of Policy
Trihedral reserves the right to revise this Policy from time to time, for the purpose of legal compliance and as may be reasonably required in accordance with effective business practices. It is your responsibility, in the use of the Trihedral Website, to periodically review this Privacy Policy to ensure that you are aware of the terms as are stated in the current revision.
v 1.0dr2 2013-07-09
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Get Notified When a New Version of VTScada is Released
×
Name *
Email *
Country *
State/Area
Industry
I consent to receiving email notifications from Trihedral.**
* Required fields. ** Email Privacy Policy
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
Close