http://www.espcoalition.org/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
AboutMembersJoinLegal, Industry and Member ResourcesActivities & EventsContact
ESPC Website Privacy Policy
LAST UPDATED: 10 September 2014
The Email Sender and Provider Coalition (“ESPC”) is a cooperative group of industry leaders working to create solutions to the continued proliferation of spam and the emerging problem of deliverability.  This Website Privacy Policy describes our practices in connection with information we collect through the ESPC website.  Although this website contains links to other websites, please be aware that this Privacy Policy does not address, and we are not responsible for, the privacy, information or other practices of those websites, or any other websites.  If you follow a link to another website you should refer to its privacy policy.  The inclusion of a link does not imply endorsement of the linked site or service by us or by our affiliates.
PERSONAL INFORMATION
Personal Information We May Collect
“Personal Information” is information that identifies you as an individual, including name, postal address, telephone number, and email address.  We may collect Personal Information via our “contact us” page, on which you may provide your name, phone number, and email address.
How We May Use Personal Information
We may use the Personal Information you provide to us to respond to your inquiries and fulfill your requests, such as to send you newsletters and alerts, or to send administrative information to you, for example, calendar invites, information regarding your membership status, or changes to our terms, conditions, and policies.
We may also use Personal Information:
For our business purposes, such as data analysis, audits, fraud monitoring and prevention, developing new products, enhancing, improving or modifying the website, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and operating and expanding our business activities.
As we believe to be necessary or appropriate: (a) under applicable law, including laws outside your country of residence; (b) to comply with legal process; (c) to respond to requests from public and government authorities including public and government authorities outside your country of residence; (d) to enforce our terms and conditions; (e) to protect our operations or those of any of our affiliates; (f) to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you or others; and (g) to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.
How Personal Information May Be Disclosed
We will not rent, sell or share any personally identifiable information we may receive from you either via email or offline with third parties, including ESPC member companies, for marketing purposes.
Your Personal Information may be disclosed to third party service providers who provide services such as website hosting, data analysis, payment processing, order fulfillment, information technology and related infrastructure provision, customer service, email delivery, auditing and other similar services. We may also disclose your Personal Information to a third party in the event of any reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets or stock (including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings).
OTHER INFORMATION
Other Information We May Collect
“Other Information” is any information that does not reveal your specific identity or does not directly relate to an individual.  Other Information includes: browser and device information; Information collected through cookies; and aggregated information.
How We May Collect Other Information
We may collect Other Information in various ways on this website.  For example, we may record anonymous data such as traffic logs or links to our website, and use IP addresses and cookies for gathering website statistics.  Our use of cookies is described further below.  Your IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to the computer that you are using by your Internet Service Provider (ISP).  An IP address may be identified and logged automatically in our server log files whenever a user accesses the website, along with the time of the visit and the page(s) that were visited.  Collecting IP Addresses is standard practice and is done automatically by many websites.  We and our service providers may use IP Addresses for purposes such as calculating usage levels of the website, helping diagnose server problems, and administering the website.
We may also aggregate anonymous data as part of managing, maintaining, and reporting on use of our website.  We and our service providers may share this anonymous data with third parties for the limited purpose of reporting on use of our website, or to comply with applicable law.  We do not rent, sell or share any anonymous data collected on this website with third parties for marketing purposes.
Use of Cookies
We use cookies on this website.  Cookies are small pieces of information created by a web server, delivered through a web browser, and stored on your computer.  Cookies allow us to collect information such as browser type, time spent on the website, pages visited, and other anonymous traffic data.  When users log in to member-only pages, we use a cookie so that they can navigate those pages on the site. A randomly-generated anonymous identifier is assigned to that cookie to enable this process.
You have the ability to manage the use of cookies on your computer using controls in your web-browser. To learn more about how to manage cookies, visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org/.
How We May Use and Disclose Other Information
Please note that we may use and disclose Other Information for any purpose, except where we are required to do otherwise under applicable law.  If we are required to treat Other Information as Personal Information under applicable law, then we may use it for all the purposes for which we use and disclose Personal Information.
SECURITY
We seek to use reasonable organizational, technical and administrative measures to protect Personal Information within our organization.  Unfortunately, no data transmission or storage system can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.  If you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure (for example, if you feel that the security of any account you might have with us has been compromised), please immediately notify us of the problem by contacting us in accordance with the “Contacting Us” section below.
ANALYTICS
We use Google Analytics, which uses cookies and other, similar technologies to collect information about Site use anonymously and reports website trends, without identifying individual visitors.  You can learn about Google’s practices by going to www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners and opt out of them by downloading the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on, available at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
How you can access, change or suppress your Personal Information
If you would like to review, correct, update, suppress, or delete Personal Information that has been previously provided to us by you, you may contact through this “contact us” link.  In your request, please make clear what Personal Information you would like to have changed, whether you would like to have your Personal Information that you have provided to us suppressed from our database or otherwise let us know what limitations you would like to put on our use of your Personal Information that you have provided to us.  For your protection, we may only implement requests with respect to the Personal Information associated with the particular email address that you use to send us your request, and we may need to verify your identity before implementing your request.  We will try to comply with your request as soon as reasonably practicable.
Please note that we may need to retain certain information for record keeping purposes and/or to complete any transactions (such as dues payments) that you began prior to requesting such change or deletion.  There may also be residual information that will remain within our databases and other records, which will not be removed.
RETENTION PERIOD
We will retain your Personal Information for the period necessary to fulfill the promises outlined in this Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law.
USE OF WEBSITE BY MINORS
The website is not directed to individuals under the age of thirteen (13), and we request that these individuals do not provide Personal Information through the website.
CROSS-BORDER TRANSFER
The website is controlled and operated by us from the United States, and is not intended to subject us to the laws or jurisdiction of any state, country or territory other than that of the United States.  Your Personal Information may be stored and processed in any country where we have facilities or in which we engage service providers, and by using the website you consent to the transfer of information to countries outside of your country of residence, including the United States, which may have different data protection rules than those of your country.
SENSITIVE INFORMATION
We ask that you not send us, and you not disclose, any sensitive Personal Information (e.g., social security numbers, information related to racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religion or other beliefs, health, biometrics or genetic characteristics or criminal background) through the “contact us” page on our website, or otherwise.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
As our organization, membership and services evolve, this Privacy Policy may be revised to reflect those changes, where applicable. We therefore reserve the right to amend this Privacy Policy at any time, for any reason.  Please take a look at the “LAST UPDATED” legend at the top of this page to see when this Privacy Policy was last revised.  Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when we post the revised Privacy Policy on this website.  Your use of the website following these changes means that you accept the revised Privacy Policy.
CONTACTING US
Please contact us with any questions about this website Privacy Policy.  Please note that email communications are not always secure; so please do not include sensitive information in your emails to us.
© 2020 Email Sender and Provider Coalition.
All Rights Reserved.
Privacy Policy
Member Login