http://www.iquate.com/privacy-policy
iQuate Privacy PolicyThis statement relates to our privacy practices in connection with this website (https://iquate.com/). We are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of other websites. Any external links to other websites are clearly identifiable as such.General statementiQuate fully respects your right to privacy and will not collect any personal information about you on our website without your clear permission. Any personal information which you volunteer to iQuate will be treated with the highest standards of security and confidentiality, strictly in accordance with the Data Protection Acts, 1988 & 2003 and the EU GDPR 2018.Website Collection and use of personal informationiQuate will not collect any personal data about you on our website, apart from information which you volunteer (for example by completing the online enquiry form). We store and process your data based on our interest in responding to your requests and maintaining a relationship with you.  Any information which you provide in this way is not made available to any third parties and is used by iQuate only in line with the purpose for which you provided it. This data is held as long as we maintain a relationship with you.Collection and use of personal informationiQuate does collect and maintain names and email addresses of existing and former customers for the purpose of maintaining contact with customers and fulfilling contractual obligations.  Any information which you provide in this way is not made available to any third parties and is used by iQuate only for contact purposes. This data is held for the term of any contract plus 8 years.Requests regarding data suppliedOn request, we can supply copies of your personal data which you may have supplied to us, correct any inaccurate information or delete your information. All of these requests may be made by emailing us at info@iquate.com. We may need to verify your identity so including any personal identifiers which you supplied earlier via the website (e.g. Name; address; phone number; e-mail address) is helpful. In all cases we need to evaluate your request.  We commit to deal with your request promptly. At any time, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the Irish Data Protection Commissioner.Complaints about data processedIf you are concerned about how personal data is processed, please do not hesitate to bring such concerns to the attention of iQuate at info@iquate.com or at the contact details below.iQuate,Maple House, South County Business Park, Leopardstown, D18 F863