http://www.barcodeisland.com/privacy.phtml
BARCODE ISLAND - Legal Information and Disclaimer
Barcode
Message Forum
SymbologySpecifications
News
Links
Barcode Printers
Services
Contact Us
Legal Info
Privacy Policy
BARCODE ISLAND PRIVACY POLICY
BARCODE ISLAND Respects All Users' Privacy
NO PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTED
BARCODE Island collects absolutelty no personal information.
Our site does not
attempt to discover nor record your name, email address, phone number, city, or any other
specific personal information, nor does BarcodeIsland.com contain submission forms that request or
obtain the email address of the visitor.
NOTE: Please see the section concerning
Identity on Message Board, as limited identity information is saved when a message is
posted.
NO EMAILING LISTS
BarcodeIsland.com maintains no mailing lists of any kind.
Due to the fact that our site does
not attempt to discover your email address nor your identity, it is impossible for us to
create such a mailing list, and subsequently BarcodeIsland.com cannot pass your email address to any
third party--even we do not know your identity.
STATISTICAL INFORMATION COLLECTED
BarcodeIsland.com does maintain a log file for a period of 30 days which contains the
IP address, date/time, referal site, and browser type of every HTTP request.
This information
is used only to obtain statistical information to determine from what countries (and thus
what native languages) our visitors are coming from and what type of browsers they are using
to improve the quality of our site.
This log file is purged at the end of every month, and
the specific information contained therein is not released to any third party, unless so
ordered by a legitimate government agency.
The summary reports based on the log file are
kept for reference, and may be provided to our sponsors (banner advertisers).
However, these
summary reports contain absolutely no personal information--they only contain statistical
summaries, such as a summary of hits by country, date, time, page visited, and referal site.
Under no circumstance does this summary report contain any personal information about our
visitors.
IDENTITY ON MESSAGE BOARD IS PUBLIC
When a user chooses to post a message to the public message board, the system will
prompt the user for his/her email address and full name.
The visitor is encouraged to
provide this information accurately to facilitate a professional exchange of ideas, but
is not required to do so.
However, if the visitor chooses to provide this information,
it is made available to everyone who reads the message.
Additionally, the IP
address from which the post was written is always saved with the message--this is not
optional and the IP address is made available to everyone who reads the message.
BarcodeIsland.com does not maintain any mailing list of any kind based on the information
contained in messages posted to the message board--However, BarcodeIsland.com cannot guarantee
that a third party will not obtain your email address from your posts.
SUMMARY OF BARCODEISLANDE.COM PRIVACY POLICY
BarcodeIsland.com respects the privacy of its visitors and makes no effort to collect personal
information, nor to relay it to third parties.
Personal information is only made available
to third parties (the entire world) when a visitor chooses to post a public message to the
message board.
BarcodeIsland.com will do everything it can to protect the privacy of its visitors, and will
only surrender log information to a legitimate government agency upon request.
© Copyright 2006 BarCodeIsland.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Information provided "as-is" without warranty. Please see details.
Contact us for usage and copy permission.