http://www.onnpoint.co.uk/privacypolicy
Book a Course
Our Courses
About Us
Bespoke Courses
Contact
FAQ
Welcome
Blog
Privacy PolicyONN Point Training Ltd privacy policy IntroductionThis privacy policy sets out how ONN Point Training Ltd uses and protects any information that you give ONN Point Training Ltd when you use this website.ONN Point Training Ltd are committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.ONN Point Training Ltd may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.  If we ask you for personal information we will:Make sure you know why we need this informationOnly ask for information that we needEnsure only those appropriate have access to itStore your information securelyInform you if the information will be shared with a third partyOnly keep your information for as long as we need to Use of information:We will use personal information about you for a number of purposes, including:To provide and operate the Services;To provide our Users with on-going customer assistance and technical support;To be able to contact our Visitors and Users with general or personalised service-related queries including queries and online course purchases and course information and requirements;To comply with any applicable laws and regulations. What type of information we collect: We receive, collect and store any information you enter on our website or provide us in any other way. We may use software tools to measure and collect session information, including page response times, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information, and methods used to browse away from the page. We also collect personally identifiable information (including name, email, contact number); comments, feedback, from submitted forms and messages.We collect personal data and information for booked courses to enable us to process your course preparation, certificates and information supplied to governing bodies to release these certificates. How we collect information: When you contact us, complete a form on our website, or book a course as part of the process, we collect personal information you give us such as your name, address and email address. Your personal information will be used for the specific reasons stated above only.  This information will be related to a specific enquiry or course.    How we store, use, share and disclose your information: Our company is hosted on the Squarespace platform. Squarespace provides us with the online platform that allows us to offer our products and services to you. Your data may be stored through squarespace’s data storage, databases and the general applications. They store your data on secure servers behind a firewall. We do not sell or disclose your personal information to other companies without your prior consent. We do not sell information to third parties. We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.Payments made online are through the stripe platform. No card details are stored other than on this platform, all data is secure and we do not receive your card information directly. How we communicate with site visitors: We may contact you to notify you regarding your course, to respond to a query, to send updates about our company, or as otherwise necessary to contact you to enforce our User Agreement, applicable national laws, and any agreement we may have with you. For these purposes we may contact you via email, telephone, text messages, and postal mail.       Links to other websites:Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information, which you provide whilst visiting such sites and this privacy statement does not govern such sites. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question. Controlling your personal information:You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:if you have previously agreed to us using your personal information you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at info@onnpoint.co.uk.We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so.  Third party governing bodies that we use for the course set up and certificates information will be given to you so you can check their policies. We do not use mailing lists for marketing purposes, however for enquiries you have requested we may contact you via the email address or contact information provided as your preferred means of contact specific to that enquiry.You may request details of personal information, which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to ONN Point Training Ltd, 34 Roper Close, Canterbury, Kent, CT2 7EP.If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to us at the above address or email us at info@onnpoint.co.uk as soon as possible. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Cart (0)