http://www.wieser-software.com/ourprivacypolicy.shtml
Products
Consultancy
Support
About Us
Wieser Software
We respect your privacy.
No spyware, No adware!
Wieser Software Privacy Statement
Last Updated 2 Dec 2019
The information in this document applies to all of our websites, including:
wieser-software.com, wieser-software.co.uk
ripvinyl.com
Your Privacy
Read this if you are looking for information about our cookie usage
We don't believe in collecting unnecessary information about you, nor do we pass
on your information to third parties.
Nor do we collect personally identifiable information about you unless you purchase
our software.
What we do collect
When you visit our website, we collect information about the IP address your computer
is connected to, as well as the pages you visit. This is collected into a logfile
that describes what you requested, including the following:
Time and Date of Visit
IP address of your computer (from which we can infer your country)
Files requested from our site
Status of your request (that is did the file you requested exist)
Number of bytes transferred.
The referring website, if present
None of this contains any personally indentifiable information. We use this information
to improve the website, and decide where we should list our software.
Uninstallation
Some of our software will open a web page on our site when you uninstall the program
from your system. You can simply close this page if you do not want to give any
feedback.
We use this information to determine why you chose not to use the program, and to
decide which features and improvements are required.
We request your email address, but this is optional, as is all of the information
requested.
Purchasing
When you purchase software from us, we record your personally identifiable details
for the purpose of providing customer service, and processing the transaction.
We use PayPal for payment processing, and we do not hold your credit card details.
PayPal notifies us of your name and address and the amount you have paid,
and the IP address you ordered from
Along with this, we correllate a single piece of data that was collected when you
first visit. This is a small value that tells us how you first found our software
site. Because we pay to advertise the software, we need to know which advertisements
actually work. By finding out this information, we can keep the price of our software
low, by only advertising where it is worthwhile. We hope that you do not find this
offensive or unethical. We are only trying to provide the best service possible.
Support Requests
When you request support, we keep your emails for future reference. Eventually they
are archived.
Product Updates
Our automated update system keeps track of the date and time, IP address, and your
license ID, as well as the number of times you have downloaded.
We use this information to limit the number of free updates you can obtain, to prevent
overload on our servers.
In addition, we can use this information to prosecute software pirates who obtain
our software fraudulently.
Software Piracy
We are a small company and suffer from software piracy, despite having low cost
products. In the unlikely event that you attempt to steal our software, your computer
may send personally identifiable information to our server, and we may take steps
to prosecute you.
Company Details
The websites described above are owned and operated by
Elizabeth Wieser, doing business as Wieser Software at 28 Green End, Fen Ditton, Cambrige, CB5 8SX.
Wieser Software was previously Wieser Software Ltd, registered in England and Wales, #3516245.
Use of Cookies
We use cookies to record how you discovered our website. This is used only to evaluate
whether our advertising money is spent effectively.
We also generate a cookie on our buy now pages, that is used to an order ID when you purchase.
Our
advertising affiliate programs will also drop cookies.
Please visit this
Microsoft site for more information on the Do Not Track preference.
Affiliate Programs
We are members of several affiliate programs to recommend items that we thing are
useful to you.
We are affilitated with
Plus.Net
1and1.co.uk
When you click on an advertising link on our website, you will be redirected to the advertiser's website
via the affiliate network internet domains and that these domains use Cookies.
You can change your tracking preferences on these affiliate networks by going to
www.youronlinechoices.com
"Windows is a registered trademark of Microsoft Corporation in the United States and other countries."
Read our privacy policy
Copyright © 1998-2019 by Wieser Software
All Rights Reserved