http://www.tdisecurity.com/privacy-policy/
Services
Products
Cyber’s Future
Clients
Ideas
This is TDI
Careers
Please read this Policy carefully because by accessing and using the Website you agree to be bound by these terms and conditions. If you do not agree to the terms and conditions of this Policy, please do not use our Website or our products or services.
Welcome and thank you for visiting our Website. This Website, located at https://www.tdisecurity.com, is owned and operated by Tetrad Digital Integrity LLC (“TDI”). This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) applies to this website and any other website where this Policy is posted (collectively referred to as the “Website”). As used in the Policy, “you” or “your” refers to visitors and users of the Website. “we,” “our” or “us” refers to TDI,” as well as any third-party vendors We hire to assist directly in the administration of the Website. This Policy is incorporated by reference into TDI’s Terms of Use.
TDI is committed to protecting your privacy. This Policy covers how TDI handles personal information that it collects and receives through the Website. Personal information includes any information about you that is personally identifiable such as your name, address, email address, phone number, and any other information about you that is not otherwise publicly available.
What We Collect: TDI collects personal information when you visit our Website, including when you request information from TDI through the Website and, if we offer this feature in the future, if you register on the Website. If you submit a request for information through the Website, TDI will ask you to provide information about yourself such as your name, email address, and other information. The requested information may change from time to time. In addition, when you visit the Website, TDI may collect and record information on our server logs from your browser, including your IP Address, cookie information, and/or the web page(s) you visit.
What We Share: It is not our policy to rent, sell, or share your personal information with non-affiliated third parties, except to provide products or services you have requested or when TDI has your permission.
However, TDI reserves the right to share your personal information under certain circumstances as described in this Policy or as otherwise agreed by you.
TDI reserves the right to release or disclose your personal information, including to local, state, or federal law enforcement officials, when we believe in good faith that the law requires it, or when required to do so by order of a court or authorized administrative agency. TDI also reserves the right to share your personal information where we believe it is necessary in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person or to prevent violations of our Terms of Use.
TDI reserves the right to transfer personal information we have collected about you if TDI is acquired by or merged with another company, in the case of a sale of all or substantially all of TDI’s assets, or in the unlikely event of a bankruptcy.
TDI may provide your personal information to trusted business partners, such as service providers and third party processors who work on behalf of or with TDI to provide elements of products or services offered by or on behalf of TDI or who host portions of the Website. These companies use your personal information to provide services they have been hired them to perform, such as to organize, administer, process, append and/or analyze data, deliver email correspondence on behalf of TDI, or deliver other necessary services.
TDI may also use your personal information to customize content and advertising you may see on the Website and to improve our products and services.
TDI reserves the right to share certain data with our internal and external clients or service providers in aggregate form for auditing, marketing and other purposes. Because aggregated data is not associated with any particular person, the third parties with whom we share this information will not have access to your personal information.
TDI may also analyze IP addresses of visitors to the Website in the aggregate for purposes including system administration and the gathering of broad demographic information.
Use of Cookies and Other Technologies: TDI may use cookies and other technologies, such as pixel tags, web beacons, and clear gifs, to personalize the Website to your interests and, potentially in the future, to facilitate an automatic log-in process. A cookie is a text file placed on your hard disk by a web page server that is uniquely assigned to you and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie. Although TDI does not currently display advertising on the Website, at some point in the future, we may allow advertisers on the Website to set and access cookies on your computer. Use of cookies by advertisers on the Website is subject to the privacy policies of those advertisers and is not covered by this Policy. If you are not comfortable with the use of cookies on your computer, you may set your computer preferences to accept or decline cookies. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience all features of the Website. TDI may also use web beacons to access cookies in connection with your use of the Website or any e-mail correspondence we may send you. A web beacon is an electronic file stored in a web page that allows us to count visitors to our Website and to recognize users by accessing cookies. Use of web beacons help us personalize your experience when you visit the Website, conduct research on behalf of our partners, and conduct periodic audits of the site.
Setting your Preferences: TDI respects your right to control how your personal information is used. If you have questions about how your personal information is used, please contact us at: it@tdisecurity.com. At some point in the future, TDI may allow you to create a user account which will allow you to edit the personal information we have collected about you and to modify your preferences, including your email preferences. TDI reserves the right to send you certain communications relating to TDI’s products and services, such as service announcements and administrative messages that are related to your business transactions with TDI, without offering you the opportunity to opt out of receiving them.
Security: TDI takes reasonable security measures to protect user information under our company’s control against loss, misuse, or alteration. Except as otherwise stated in this Policy, access to your personal information is limited to only those employees and third parties with a specific need to retrieve this information.
DISCLAIMER: TDI disclaims, and you agree, that TDI will not be liable to you for any damages caused by acts or events beyond our reasonable control including, without limitation, acts of God, fires, floods, acts of terrorism, wars, civil disturbances, sabotage, accidents, labor disputes, governmental actions, and failures or delays of transportation, that result in our disclosure of your personal information.
While the Website may contain links to other websites, this Policy applies solely to information collected by our Website. TDI is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of third party websites and encourages users to be aware when you leave our Website and to read the privacy statements of other websites you visit.
International Transfer of Information: TDI may transfer your personal information from your country or jurisdiction of residence to another country or jurisdiction. If you are visiting from the European Union or other regions outside of the United States, please note that the United States may not have the same data protection laws as your country of residence. By providing your personal information to TDI, you consent to: (i) the use of your personal information for the uses described in this Policy; and (ii) the transfer of your personal information to the United States.
Changes to this Policy: TDI reserves the right, at any time and without notice, to update or modify this Policy, the Website, or any products or services offered in connection with the Website by posting such change, update, or modification on the Website. Any such update or modification will be effective immediately upon posting and your use of the Website following such changes constitutes your acceptance of the revised privacy policy then in effect.
Your California Privacy Rights: California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits the customers of TDI who are California residents to request certain information regarding its disclosure of personal information to third parties for direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an e-mail or written correspondence to the address listed under Contact TDI below, attention California Privacy Rights.
Contact TDI: If you have any questions about this Policy or TDI’s information-handling practices, please contact us by e-mail at it@tdisecurity.com or write to us:
Tetrad Digital Integrity LLC
Attn: Privacy Policy
1155 Connecticut Ave. NW, 11th Floor
Washington, DC 20036
Terms of Use last updated: June 14, 2010
Schedule a demo
Contact us for more on TDI’s CnSight and let us know your area of particular interest.
*required
X