https://www.diamondmm.com/terms-and-conditions/
Terms and Conditions | Diamond Multimedia
Skip to content
FacebookTwitterInstagramPinterestLinkedInGoogle+YouTubeEmail
FREE SHIPPING-Due to the Covid-19 Coronavirus, shipping may be delayed.Shopping CartMy Account Remember MeRegisterCart
HomeProductsMonitor MountsTechnology 4K/5K Docking Station
Wireless HDMI
Multiple Display
USB 3.0
BlogSupport & DriversSHOP NOW!
Search for:
Home/Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions2019-03-14T14:41:21-07:00
1. The Diamond Multimedia’s Web site may contain copyright and proprietary information notices; All Rights Reserved. All trademarks and registered trademarks are the property of their respective owners. Site content and product specifications are subject to change.
2. Diamond Multimedia’s intention is to present only the most accurate information on this Web site, but be advised that Diamond Multimedia may make no representation that all information in this site is always the latest available. The user is responsible for verifying the accuracy of presented information.
3. The descriptions of products and services displayed on this Web site, and the terms under which they are offered, may change at any time without notice. The information presented in this website is for information purposes only. The information contained herein is subject to change and may be rendered inaccurate for many reasons, including, but not limited to product and specification changes, new model and/or product releases, product differences between differing manufacturers, software changes, BIOS flashes, firmware upgrades, or the like. Diamond Multimedia assumes no obligation to update or otherwise correct or revise this information. Diamond Multimedia makes no representations or warranties with respect to the contents hereof and assumes no responsibility for any inaccuracies, errors or omissions that may appear in this information. However, Diamond Multimedia reserves the right to revise this information and to make changes from time to time to the content hereof without obligation of Diamond Multimedia to notify any person of such revisions or changes.
4. Although Diamond Multimedia attempts to review this site carefully for typographical errors, please be aware that there may be such errors in this site; Diamond Multimedia advises that users verify information in which before any intended any act upon it.
5. This Web site may have links to “external” (non-Diamond Multimedia ) sites. These sites were not created by Diamond Multimedia and Diamond Multimedia is not responsible for their content, nor should the existence of a link imply any form of endorsement by Diamond Multimedia of the site, its content, or the party sponsoring it. The link(s) is(are) for the convenience of the visitors of Diamond Multimedia site only.
Privacy Policy
Diamond Multimedia recognizes and respects the importance of maintaining the privacy of our customers, registered members (“Members”) and users and has established this Privacy Policy as a result. Below we describe why we gather information from you, what information we collect, how we collect it, what we use the information for and how you can instruct us if you prefer to limit the use of that information.
Why do we gather information?
Since our inception, Diamond MultiMedia has consistently provided our customers, Members, and users with quality goods and services, excellent customer service, access to useful information, and an overall pleasant interactive experience. We gather personal information to allow us and certain third parties to communicate with you,
to assist you and process your orders;
to provide service and technical support;
to communicate with you about products and services;
to provide an enhanced and more personalized promotional offers;
to personalize web pages and select content to be communicated to you;
to allow you to participate in contests and surveys;
to provide an enhanced and more personalized interactive shopping experience and to inform you;
and your gift and message recipients, of special offers and discounts
What information do we gather?
Through our Web Site and product registrations, including but not limited to, when you place an order, participate in our forums, surveys, contests, sweepstakes, promotions, rebates, content submissions, chats, bulletin boards, discussion groups, requests for suggestions, membership registrations, and in connection with other activities, services, products and resources we make accessible through or available on the Web Site, or any of our affiliated sites, we may collect the following information: your name, address, telephone number, email address, title (gender), birth date, billing information (credit card number, expiration date and billing address), occasion type (birthday, Mothers day, etc.), products purchased, any relevant promotion code and information (for example if you are claiming frequent flyer miles) and the gift and message recipient’s name, address, telephone number, email address, and any other information you provide to us, including User Submissions (as defined in the Terms of Use).
The information gathered at the time of purchase is transmitted encrypted and we use Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology to protect your online purchases.
The information you enter is collected even if you cancel or do not complete the intended use, registration, or order process.
How we use “cookies” and “Action Tags”.
A “cookie” is a small file stored on your computer by a Web site which gives you a numeric user ID and stores certain information about your activity on the site. We use cookies to let us know that you are a prior customer, user or Member and to provide certain features to you. We do not store any personal information (except your name) or financial information about you through the use of cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but most allow you to instruct your browser to prevent the use of cookies. However, if you disable this feature, certain aspects of the diamondmm.com Web Site, such as the shopping basket, may not function properly. Our Web Site also uses a common web technology called “action tags” (also called single pixel gifs or web beacons) to anonymously track purchase, usage and other web information. Action tags (including third party tags) may be used to provide data to third parties for tracking purposes. However, no personal information is collected or transferred using action tags on our Web Site
How we use the information we collect about you.
We use the information we collect to communicate with you, to process your orders, to provide an enhanced and more personalized interactive shopping experience and to inform you of offers and discounts from Diamond MultiMedia or other websites and companies that we own. In addition, we may periodically make such information (except for credit card number and expiration date, unless you consent otherwise), including aggregated information, available to selected third parties including but not limited to, those who trade or rent information for direct marketing purposes. However, without your consent, we do not make your email addresses available to third parties (except to our Affiliates, subcontractors or agents acting on our behalf in compliance with this Privacy Policy) or any Successor (see below) to our business. “Affiliates” are those persons or entities directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by, or under common control with the Company. You may instruct us not to share personal information about you that you have provided to us with third parties by following the instructions provided below. A Successor to our business is not to be considered to be a third party for these purposes (see below).
In the event of a merger, consolidation, or sale or transfer of all or substantially all of the assets or business of the Company by, with, or into another company (a “Successor”), one of the assets which would generally be transferred is the information we collect from our customers, Members, and users. However, the use of this information by any Successor would still be governed by the terms of this Privacy Policy, as amended from time to time, including any amendment after such transaction, and you will continue to have the right to opt-out of sharing your information with third parties.
We may disclose any information you provide to us (i) when we believe disclosure to be appropriate to comply with any law, regulation, or governmental or law enforcement request, or to comply with judicial process; or (ii) if such disclosure is necessary or appropriate to operate this Web Site or to process any orders or registrations or to conduct any promotions, contests, or sweepstakes you participate in; (iii) to protect the rights or property of the Company, its Affiliates,, users, customers, recipients, Members, Sponsors, Providers, Licensors, or Merchants (as such terms are defined in the Terms of Use).
Please note that any personal information you reveal or post on one our public forums (as defined in the Terms of Use), such as a message board, chat room, discussion group, folder, survey, contest, sweepstakes, user review and rate forum, and all User Submissions, are not protected by this Privacy Policy and may be collected, shared and used by us or with third parties, including to contact you. The information you give out or post on our public forums you disclose at your own risk.
Portions of the Web Site (such as our Member registration and Address Book) may require registration and log-in processes in which you will select a user ID and password (collectively, the “Password”). Any Password provided to you will be the exclusive property and confidential information of the Company and may be used by you solely for your individual use of this Web Site. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of any Password provided to you. All activities that occur using your Password are your responsibility, whether or not authorized by you. You agree to immediately notify us of any unauthorized use of your Password or accounts.
Consent to Transfer
Diamond MultiMedia is operated in the United States. If you are located in the European Union or elsewhere outside the United States, please be aware that any information you provide to us will be transferred to the United States. By using the Web Site or providing us with your information, you hereby consent to this transfer. In addition, if you provide data to us about other individuals (such as your message recipients), you agree that you have obtained consent from each such individual to the submission and processing of such information under the terms of this Privacy Policy, including without limitation the transfer of such data to the United States. Although we will collect and use your information only as stated in this Privacy Policy, laws generally applicable to the protection of personal data in the United States may not be as stringent as those in some users’ home jurisdictions.
Links
Diamond Multimedia wants you to be aware that when you click on links and/or ad banners that take you to third-party web sites, you will be subject to the privacy policies and terms of use of those third party websites, not ours. While we support the protection of privacy on the Internet, we cannot be responsible for the actions of third parties. We encourage you to read the posted privacy statement and user terms and conditions whenever interacting with, and prior to providing any personal information to, any other web site.
Your Security
If you place an order our Website encrypts your credit card number you submit prior to transmission over the Internet using secure socket layer (SSL) encryption technology. However, no transmission of data over the Internet or any other public network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Although we make reasonable efforts to safeguard your personal information once we receive it, we cannot warrant the security of information you transmit to us. How to limit the use of your information From Third Parties
If you prefer not to have us provide personal information about you to third parties (other than our Affiliates, subcontractors, or agents acting on our behalf in compliance with this Privacy Policy), please let us know by writing::
Diamond Multimedia
21541 Blythe St. Canoga Park,
California, USA 91304
From the Company and its Affiliates
In addition, if you also prefer not to receive further product information and promotional mailings/emails from us based on information you provided to Diamond MultiMedia, please indicate this in your instructions to us and please include your mailing address. Any email for which the primary purpose is the advertising or promotion of a product or service will contain contact information/link and a reply email address to which you may reply to opt-out from receiving similar future emails. Please note that your instructions do not govern the use of personal information you may have provided to third party merchants whose products and services may be displayed or accessible on or through the Web Site. The use of information you have provided to these third party merchants is governed by their privacy policies and terms. Also, your instructions do not apply to “transactional or relationship” email messages which include, but are not limited to, registration, order status, confirmation or reply emails. (These email messages may also contain promotional items and offers, however, that is not their primary purpose.
Your instructions will only apply to the diamondmm.com website, not to our Affiliates and their websites. Please refer to the policies and opt-out provisions of those other websites.
Your instructions to limit the use of your information will be processed as soon as reasonably practicable and in accordance with applicable law.
Choice and opt-out
If you have set up an account with us on our Technical support portal or Opt-in to receive free newsletters and related communications, you may access the account and modify that information by logging in to your account and making the modifications. To do so, please go to the support page and follow the link to out portal and access your account ot to the Un-Subscribe form.
Corrections
If you would like to update or correct information previously provided to us, please send a letter with your new information, including your complete name, postal address, and email address to: Customer Satisfaction Department:
Diamond Multimedia
21541 Blythe St. Canoga Park,
California, USA 91304
INFORMATION
About Us
diamondergo.com
California Proposition 65
Terms and Conditions
Copyrights
Privacy Policy
SUPPORT
Contact Us
Warranty Policy
Rebates Support
Product Registration
Reseller Registration
MARKETING
Press Release
Diamond Multimedia Store
Where to Buy
Diamond Multimedia
21541 Blythe St.
Canoga Park, Ca. 91304
USA
1 (818) 534-1414
© Copyright 2015 - 2020  Diamond Multimedia   |   All Rights Reserved  All intellectual property rights, including without limitation to copyright and trademark of this work and its derivative works are the property of, or are licensed to Diamond Multimedia. Any unauthorized use is strictly prohibited. See more
Copyright and Disclaimer
FacebookTwitterInstagramPinterestLinkedInGoogle+YouTubeEmail