http://www.checkmark.com/privacy-policy
2021 Software Updates are Available Now! Update Now
Menu
Toggle navigation
Products
Software
CheckMark Payroll
Simple payroll software that’s easy to use, accurate & secure.
CheckMark MultiLedger Small business accounting software that's multi-user & cross-platform.
CheckMark 1099
IRS Approved software to print & e-file unlimited 1099s with ease & accuracy.
CheckMark 1095
IRS Approved software that makes ACA reporting a breeze for small businesses.
Paper Products
Checks & Envelopes
High security checks available in a variety of styles, patterns & colors.
Business Forms
Convenient and compatible forms to make your work easier & faster.
Tax Forms
CheckMark compatible tax forms including W-2s, W-3s, 1099s & 1096s.
ADD-ONS
CheckMark Cloud Backup
Simple, easy-to-use & affordable online backup solution for CheckMark software.
Services
Services
Payroll Services
Personalized payroll management solutions for businesses of all types & sizes.
Accounting ServicesAccounting and bookkeeping needs handled by knowledgeable professionals.
HR Services Affordable & effective HR solution for small & medium sized businesses.
Time & Attendance
User-friendly solution to help you document & manage employees’ time efficiently.
Store
Online Store Home
One-stop shop for all the latest software, updates, support, & much more.
SoftwareSimple & affordable payroll, accounting & tax reporting software for small businesses.
Software Updates
Quickly purchase updates & support for CheckMark software in no time.
Bundles
Find best software bundles for managing your business & save hundreds of dollars.
Checks & Envelopes
High security checks available in a variety of styles, patterns & colors.
Business Forms
Convenient & compatible forms to make your work easier & faster.
Tax Forms
High quality IRS approved tax forms that are compatible with your CheckMark software.
HR Support Efficient solution to help you manage your HR compliance & employee relations issues.
More
About Company
Our Story
Culture
Contact Us
Partner Programs
Consultant Program
Software Partner
Reseller Program
Support
Request Support
Knowledge Base
Blog
Tutorials
Find a Consultant
Software Downloads
Tools
Payroll Calculator
Sign In
My Account
2021 Updates Portal
OTHER LOGINS
Payroll Services
HR Services
Time & Attendance
Free Trial
0
Your Shopping cart (0 Items)
View Cart
Contact Us: 800.444.9922
Privacy Policy
Effective as of October 04, 2019
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Refund Policy
Privacy Policy
CheckMark, Inc. takes privacy seriously. We are committed to protecting the privacy of all personal information obtained from our website visitors, and customers.
Information about our customers is an important part of our business, and we are NOT in the business of selling it to others.
If you have any questions about this privacy policy you can contact CheckMark, Inc. at
323 W Drake Rd,
Ste. 100, Fort Collins, CO 80526
1-800-444-9922
sales@checkmark.com
Why does CheckMark, Inc. need to collect personal information?
CheckMark, Inc. uses 'cookies' in our customer’s shopping experience to collect certain personal information in order to meet the needs of its customers. The cookie itself does not contain personal information although it will enable us to relate your use of this site to information that you have specifically and knowingly provided.
We collect this information strictly for the purpose of delivering the highest level of customer service and technical support. By collecting certain personal information, CheckMark, Inc. is able to monitor and improve the services it offers to its existing and potential customers. We will use this information for the following purposes; compliance and regulatory requirements, account information, technical support, services, and correspondence. On occasion, we may notify our customers about special offers and promotions.
All personal information and credit card information is received and processed through a secure encryption service to protect you.
How do we collect information?
(1) Any time a user accesses our website or download any of our products we maintain a non-personal data file of all visitors including location and web-pages visited and time spent on each page and products downloaded and reviewed.
(2) Any time a customer places an order for any product we maintain their name and address and contact information and product purchased.
(3) We don't store credit card numbers, CVV numbers or expiration dates.
(4) Any time a customer contacts our company by any means we update the customer account to include any questions or suggestion or requests.
(5) We will not sell, rent or lease your information to other companies.
We release account and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law; and other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of Checkmark.com, our users, or others.
We reveal only the last four digits of your credit card numbers when confirming an order. We transmit the entire credit card number to the appropriate credit card company during order processing.
It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer. Be sure to sign off and close your browser window when finished using a shared computer.
Third party services.
We work in conjunction with other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include fulfilling orders, delivering orders, processing credit card payments, and providing customer service. They have access to address information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes.
How do we use this information?
CheckMark, Inc. will use information collected to service our customers and deliver our products and services in an efficient way including but not limited to compiling feedback and customers suggestions, to inform customers of new releases, updates, service packs, downloads and on occasion special offers. We also use this information to upgrade our products and services to better meet our customers' needs and compile non-personal information about our customers.
You can request in writing to have your name removed from our mailing list by sending an email to sales@checkmark.com.
By accessing this website, you consent to CheckMark, Inc. privacy policy as published.
Amendments to Policy
CheckMark, Inc. reserves the right to change this policy at any time for any reason and will publish the updated policy as soon as it becomes effective.
×
SET THEME COLOR