http://www.comstorinc.com/privacy-policy/
COMSTOR Privacy Policy
www.comstorinc.com
Call Us:
1.855.776.2451
Home
Services
Document Scanning Services
Film Digitizing Services
Media Storage & Archiving Services
Products
COMSTOR News
Glossary of Terms
About Us
Contact
You are here: Home / Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you subscribe to our newsletter or fill out a form.
When contacting us on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address or phone number. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience
Your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs.
To improve our website
We continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information
and feedback we receive from you.
To improve customer service
Your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs.
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site features
To send periodic emails
The email address you provide for order processing, may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.
Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you enter, submit, or access your personal information.
Do we use cookies?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. We use cookies to understand and save your preferences for future visits, keep track of advertisements and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our online privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page. This policy was last modified on February 25th, 2013.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
Comstor
441 W Sharp Ave
Spokane, WA 99201
855.776.2451
509.534.5080
Fax: 509.536.0281
Contact Us
Name
First
Last
PhoneEmail
Select a DepartmentSales and MarketingInformation TechnologyMarketingProduction ManagerHardware ServiceChairmanDon't knowQuestion / Comment
Come and See Us
Comstor411 W. Sharp AveSpokane, WA99201
1.855.776.2451
Fax: 509.536.0281
Home
Services
Products
About Us
Contact
Site Map
Privacy Policy
Admin
© 2020 COMSTOR. All rights reserved
441 W Sharp Ave| Spokane, WA 99201 | 855.776.2451 | 509.534.5080 | Fax: 509.536.0281
Web development by WordPress
and the Genesis Framework.