http://www.lanschool.com/privacy/
Skip to Main Content
Check out our resources for distance and hybrid learning
Home
Privacy
LanSchool Privacy Statement
About this StatementWhat information does Stoneware collect and how is the information used?Does Stoneware share personal information with third parties?Does Stoneware sell personal information?Does Stoneware transfer personal information internationally?How long will Stoneware retain personal information?How does Stoneware protect information?What are my data protection rights?How may I contact Stoneware?
About this Statement
This statement was last updated on July 9, 2020.
What this statement applies to:
Your privacy is important to Lenovo. This privacy statement applies to data collected through LanSchool products and services licensed by Stoneware, Inc. (a Lenovo company) (“Stoneware” or “we”), including LanSchool Air, LanSchool Classic with Clever Secure Sync, and LanSchool Student (“LanSchool Products”); and applies to available Windows, Mac, Chromebook, Android and iOS versions of these products.  This privacy statement describes the information practices for LanSchool products, including what types of information are collected, how Stoneware and Lenovo use information and for what purposes; with whom information is shared; and how Stoneware and Lenovo protects information.  It also describes your choices regarding use, access, correction and deletion of your personal information, among other topics. For further information regarding LanSchool products, please review the LanSchool Air Terms of Service, the LanSchool License Agreement and additional applicable Stoneware policies at https://lenovosoftware.com/other-additional-policies/.
What this statement does not apply to:
Lenovo and Stoneware also collect personal information via Lenovo’s websites and other products and services. To learn more about our website privacy practices, please visit the Lenovo and Stoneware website privacy statement here.  In addition, this statement does not apply to other products and services provided by Stoneware, the Lenovo Personal Computing & Smart Devices, Lenovo Data Center or the Motorola Mobility businesses; or to third party software and other services you install on or access through your LanSchool Products. Furthermore, this statement does not apply to certain products licensed by Lenovo to other companies.
Changes to this statement:
If we make a change to this statement, we will make previous versions available so that you can see when changes occurred and what they are. If we make any material changes to this statement, we will notify you by means of a notice on the lenovosoftware.com website; in an applicable LanSchool Product experience; or by an email (sent to the email address specified in your account) prior to the change becoming effective. Where applicable data protection laws require us, we will also seek your consent to any material changes that affect how we use or transfer your personal information. We encourage you to review this page periodically for the latest information on our privacy practices.
What information does Stoneware collect and how is the information used?
Stoneware collects information about you and your LanSchool Product(s) and uses this information to keep your LanSchool Product(s) working their best and help you make the most of them. Please note that, in certain circumstances, if you do not provide us with personal information where needed, we may not be able to provide you with the LanSchool Products, experiences or functionalities that you have requested.  The following describes how we collect, use and share information, including personal information, in certain LanSchool Product contexts.
Product Registration & Account Creation:
When a customer registers its LanSchool product or service with Stoneware and creates an account with us, we will collect information, including personal information such as the customer contact’s name, address, email address, language, region/country, product type/model, product serial number, date of product registration, activation data about your operating system and username. The customer also creates a password during registration and account creation. We will use this information in order to administer your account or profile; authenticate you when you login to LanSchool; provide services that you have requested; and to provide you with communications, including marketing, that you choose to receive from Stoneware.
Keeping Your Products and Services Up to Date:
We automatically collect and use certain limited non-personally identifiable information about your LanSchool product to identify whether the software you are using is the most up to date version.  We use this information to provide you with software updates (including security updates), to develop new products and software features, and to fix bugs so that your products run smoother and more efficiently.
Helping to Improve Our Products and Services:
We may collect device identifiers and related information, such as device id, serial number, IMEI, MAC address, IP address and domain names. We use this information to measure use and to improve the content of our sites, products and services. Aggregated information in this case is not used in such a form that would enable direct connection of any personal information to our visitors or users.
We may also collect certain data on our visitors and users’ demographics, interests, and behavior based on the information provided to us when using LanSchool, during a promotion, from surveys and from our server log files. This information is collected to better understand and serve our users and customers, as well as to determine how we can improve our products and services. This research is compiled and analyzed on an aggregated basis to prevent identification of personal information relating to any one individual.
Customer Service & Quality Monitoring:
Certain Stoneware product and service support activities may also involve you contacting Stoneware or Stoneware contacting you, including by phone, email or chat.  Please note that, in these cases, we may record calls for staff training and quality assurance purposes.   To provide you with the service or support that you have requested, such as requesting technical support or repair under a warranty for your Stoneware product, Stoneware customer service personnel may also collect and access personal information about you, such as your user profile, account information, contact information, Stoneware product and service identifiers, and information about how you use your Stoneware product and service.
Some Stoneware and Lenovo customer service personnel work for service providers that supply such services to Stoneware and Lenovo and its customers and may have access to information about you in this context. Stoneware and Lenovo use data hosting, processing and communications service providers (such as online chat tools) to support these activities.
In addition, authorized Stoneware distributors, resellers or repair providers for Stoneware products may also have access to certain customer service, quality assurance and product information described herein to support your product or to provide a service that you have requested, such as repair services under a warranty for your Stoneware product.
Sales, Marketing, Promotions, Surveys & Events:
If you choose to receive marketing, advertising or promotional communications from Stoneware, Lenovo and/or its partners – such as via e-mail or in-product push notifications – or if you choose to participate in an event, contest or survey, we will collect personal and non-personal information about you to help us manage these campaigns and communications, or to facilitate your participation. In particular, we may collect your name, address, email address, phone number, age/date of birth, Stoneware product information and additional personal information you choose to provide. We may also use this information to send to you product support notices; announcements; newsletters; and, when allowed by applicable laws, invitations to complete customer satisfaction surveys.
Stoneware, Lenovo and selected service providers or partners – including marketing, advertising, surveys and events companies – may also use the information you provide to conduct promotional, customer satisfaction or product support activities on Stoneware’s behalf or as part of a joint event or promotion between Stoneware and that company.  Stoneware and Lenovo may also use data hosting and processing service providers to support these activities, as well as external tools to help us learn more about customer trends, marketing email open/click rates, and so forth.  In addition, we may acquire data from third party sources, such as consumer research firms, in order to supplement the information that we collect from you.
You will receive transactional communications from Stoneware such as order confirmations. You are not required to subscribe to receive Lenovo marketing communications to purchase a product from Stoneware.  You may choose to unsubscribe by following the instructions included in those communications; by changing your preferences in your account settings; or you can contact us at privacy@lanschool.com.
Cookies & Tracking Tools:
In order to provide an effective, efficient, and customized experience, LanSchool Air and Stoneware websites may use Internet cookies, tags, web beacons, analytics and related website solutions and techniques. These solutions are usually supplied to Stoneware by third parties. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. However, if you prefer not to store cookies, you can choose to:
not use our sites/servicesset your browser to notify you when you receive a cookieset your browser to refuse to accept cookiesutilize the cookie consent and control options offered by a Stoneware or Lenovo website or product experience (if available and as required by applicable law)delete our cookies after visiting our site/serviceuse your browser’s anonymous usage setting (called “Incognito” in Chrome, InPrivate” for Internet Explorer, “Private Browsing” in Firefox and Safari etc.)
Where required by applicable law, Stoneware will acquire consent from you prior to using certain cookies during your Stoneware website experience and/or will offer you the opportunity to choose which types of cookies to enable or disable.  You should understand that some features of LanSchool Air might not function properly if you do not accept cookies. Also, please note that certain Stoneware websites, applications, and services may not respond to Do-Not-Track signals sent by certain browsers.
If you do not know how to control or delete cookies, or would like to opt-out of receiving certain targeted ads based on your browsing history, we recommend that you visit http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/, http://www.aboutads.info/, or www.youronlinechoices.eu for detailed guidance, including opt-out instructions.
If you would like to opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertisers and/or opt out of the customized Google Display Network, you may do so by visiting Google’s Ads Preferences Manager. You may also wish to utilize the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on to opt-out of Google Analytics. For information on how to do this on the browser of your product or mobile device you will need to refer to your browser’s or mobile device’s help menu or product manual.
Information Collected from Students (including Minors):
LanSchool Air
LanSchool Air is a classroom device management service. It allows instructors a degree of control over classroom devices using an agent that is installed on the device. LanSchool Air may only be used with minors under age 13 by schools (as described in this privacy statement). Customers and companies that are not schools may not use LanSchool Air with minors under age 13. LanSchool Air is not intended or designed for such use.
Schools may choose to use LanSchool Air products for classroom management in an educational setting. Where a school elects to use LanSchool Air, we provide LanSchool Air as a service provider to that school. The account, information, and content associated with LanSchool Air are controlled by the school – not by Stoneware. Stoneware may collect the following information from students through LanSchool Air: Name, Email address, School or system identifier, and Username.  This information is used to match students using classroom devices with a classroom list created by an instructor or school administrator.
Stoneware collects personal information from students through LanSchool Air products for the use and benefit of the school, and for no other commercial purpose. To the extent that a school determines consent from a student’s parent or legal guardian is required, Stoneware relies on the school to obtain such consent (including, where applicable, relying on the school to act as the parent’s agent and consent to the collection of information from minors on the parent’s behalf).
Also, please note that websites operated by Stoneware (including www.lanschool.com) are intended for use by adults only. They are not intended for use by minors under age 13. No information should be submitted to or posted on Stoneware websites by minors under age 13.
If you are a parent or guardian, and you have questions about any of the above, please contact your school. If you believe your child under age 13 has provided personal information via LanSchool Air outside of an educational context, please contact Stoneware using the contact information provided below.
LanSchool Classic with Clever Secure Sync
LanSchool Classic on-premises products and services collect, use and safeguard information where customers integrate LanSchool with Clever Secure Sync.  Stoneware may collect the following information from students through the LanSchool/Clever integration: Name, Email address, School or system identifier, and Username.  This information is used to match students using classroom devices with a classroom list created by an instructor or school administrator. More information concerning the Clever integration may be found under the section below entitled “Does Lenovo share personal information with third parties?”
LanSchool Classic may only be used with minors under age 13 by schools (as described in this privacy statement). Customers and companies that are not schools may not use LanSchool with minors under age 13. LanSchool is not intended or designed for such use.  Schools may choose to use LanSchool products for classroom management in an educational setting. Where a school elects to integrate LanSchool with Clever Secure Sync, we provide this integration as a service provider to that school. The account, information, and content associated with LanSchool are controlled by the school – not by Stoneware.Stoneware may collect the information set forth above from students who are under age 13 through the LanSchool/Clever integration. This information is used to match students using classroom devices with a classroom list created by an instructor or school administrator.
Stoneware collects personal information from students through LanSchool products for the use and benefit of the school, and for no other commercial purpose. To the extent that a school determines consent from a student’s parent or legal guardian is required, Stoneware relies on the school to obtain such consent (including, where applicable, relying on the school to act as the parent’s agent and consent to the collection of information from minors on the parent’s behalf).
If you are a parent or guardian, and you have questions about any of the above, please contact your school. If you believe your child under 13 has provided personal information via LanSchool outside of an educational context, please contact Stoneware using the contact information provided below.
LanSchool Student:
LanSchool Student operates within the LanSchool environment for Mac, Windows, iOS, Android and Chromebook. LanSchool Student can obtain a snapshot of a current tab. When requested by a teacher, this snapshot will be transmitted and displayed on the teacher’s console. The image will not be stored. This is done in an effort to allow teachers to gauge that students are paying attention and staying on-task in a classroom environment and following the school’s acceptable use policy.  Student snapshots can be viewed by authorized users of the LanSchool Teacher and Tech Consoles.  Students’ snapshots are only viewable by authorized teachers or administrators within the school. This information is not disclosed to any third parties. Snapshots are only transferred between Student and Teacher devices on the school’s local network.
LanSchool Web Helper Chrome Extension:
LanSchool uses a Chrome extension to collect and store student web browsing history. This is done in an effort to allow teachers to gauge that students are paying attention and staying on-task in a classroom environment and following the school’s acceptable use policy.  Authorized teachers can also block or allow access to websites from student computers based on this information.  Only the specific website URLs that are visited are recorded.  Student web history information collected by LanSchool is stored securely on student computers and optionally on a LanSchool Reporting Server on the school’s local network. This information can be viewed by authorized users of the LanSchool Teacher and Tech Consoles. This information is not disclosed to third parties.
Does Stoneware share personal information with third parties?
Yes.  Stoneware contracts with other companies, who act as our suppliers to perform services for Stoneware, such as data hosting, processing, marketing, promotions, event sponsorship, product development and analytics. Such services may require Stoneware to share your information with our service providers. In such cases, we take steps to ensure that these suppliers to Stoneware are adhering to Stoneware’s standards for robust privacy and strong security.  Stoneware also relies on other Lenovo businesses and operations globally to provide services to support Stoneware’s products and services, including for those services listed immediately above.
LanSchool may also contain various links to third-party websites or services that may provide additional information, services or promotions. These sites and services may be operated independently of Stoneware and have their own separate privacy and data collection practices. Any information you provide to these websites and services will be governed under the terms of their privacy policy, if any. Stoneware has no responsibility or liability for the actions or policies of these independent sites and services and is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such sites.
The following provide additional details regarding additional third parties who may receive information from Stoneware or via LanSchool products and services:
Clever Secure Sync:
LanSchool Air and LanSchool Classic can integrate with Clever Secure Sync to import class rosters from a school’s student information system (SIS), if a school chooses to activate this feature. This integration is optional and is only available to teachers after the school explicitly approves the connection from within the Clever service. Use of the Clever service is governed by Clever’s Terms of Service (https://clever.com/about/terms). Once enabled by the district, LanSchool may collect and store class rosters that have been explicitly shared with LanSchool by the district. Class rosters may include personally information about students such as their name, email address, and district ID. This information is stored in cloud servers operated by Stoneware, which use certain security measures, such as authentication techniques, access controls, and encryption, where appropriate.
Google API Service:
Google API is an application programming interface that allows interaction between Google products and services and non-Google products. LanSchool Air utilizes Google sign-in’s API to authenticate, authorize and admit the user into the LanSchool Air product. Google end-users who agree to use the API service submit their Google user credentials to Google sign-in to establish a secure connection to his or her Google data. While LanSchool Air does store the instructor’s first name, last name, email addresses and Google IDs, LanSchool Air does not store any of the user’s Google data. Google’s Privacy Policy can be found at https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/.
Mergers & Acquisitions:
Circumstances may arise when Lenovo or Stoneware decide to sell, buy, merge, or otherwise reorganize businesses in some countries.  You will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our website of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information. Such a transaction may involve the disclosure of personal information to prospective or actual purchasers, or receiving it from sellers.
Legal Requirements and to Enforce Stoneware’s Rights:
It is possible that personal information will be subject to judicial or other government subpoenas, warrants, orders, or criminal and anti-fraud investigations.  Therefore, when we believe in good faith that the law requires it, we may disclose personal or other information to regulatory or government bodies, courts of law, tribunals, and law enforcement agencies.  We may also need to disclose personal or other information to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, or to investigate theft or fraud.  In addition to the above, there may be circumstances that require us to disclose your personal information to other parties, including, but not limited to, legal advisers or debt collection agencies.
Does Stoneware sell personal information?
No.  Stoneware does not sell personal information.  As described in the sections above, Stoneware may share personal information with third party service providers and partners so that they may support Stoneware Products, or to provide additional services to Stoneware and its customers and product users. In doing so, Stoneware takes appropriate steps to ensure that these service providers and partners are meeting Stoneware’s standards of robust privacy and strong security.  However, Stoneware does not sell personal information; and we have not sold any personal information during the 12 months prior to July 1, 2020.  If Stoneware decides to sell personal information at any point, we would provide appropriate prior notice and consent opportunities as required by applicable law.
Does Stoneware transfer personal information internationally?
Lenovo (of which Stoneware is a part) is a global organization, with legal entities, business processes, management structures, and technical systems that cross borders. Therefore, where permitted by law, we may share your personal information within Lenovo (including to subsidiaries, affiliates and parent companies) or our service providers and business partners and may transfer it to countries in the world where we do business (including, but not limited to, the United States of America and China). Regardless of where your information is transferred to and resides, our privacy and security practices are designed to provide protection for your personal information globally.
Some countries have privacy laws that are not equivalent to privacy laws in your own country and that your data could be requested by law enforcement agencies in those jurisdictions. In such countries, Lenovo will still handle information in the manner we describe here and will take such measures as are necessary to comply with applicable data protection laws when transferring and processing your information. Where required, Lenovo will also maintain agreements between Lenovo group companies or with Lenovo partners or service providers to govern the transferring, processing and protection of personal information.  For this purpose, Lenovo uses Standard Contractual Clauses as one means to help effectuate transfers of personal information from and within the European Union and the European Economic Area.
How long will Stoneware retain personal information?
Stoneware intends to retain information, including personal information, only as long as necessary for business or other compelling purposes; and to securely delete personal information when those purposes of use have been satisfied.  We will retain your information, including personal information, for as long as any of the following circumstances apply:
your account or subscription is activeto provide you with services or support that you may requestto ensure required functionality and performance of Stoneware products and websites, including responsibilities under our product warrantiesto comply with applicable laws, including for tax and audit purposesto enforce Stoneware’s and Lenovo’s rights, including litigation and debt collection
How does Stoneware protect information?
We use standard technical and organizational measures when we transmit information from our Products to our servers, when we store data, and when we share it with third parties. For example, we use encryption when necessary while transmitting sensitive information to keep your information secure. When sharing your information with third parties, we will take reasonable and appropriate steps to contractually require that such parties will protect and use your information responsibly.
Stoneware Products and services may also include security features designed to help you protect the information you store on your Product(s). These may include solutions like encryption; passwords, PIN and remote control over your Product(s).
However, please remember that no product, software, or data transmission can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we have taken appropriate steps to protect your product(s) and your information, Stoneware cannot ensure or otherwise warrant the security of your Product(s) or any information you provide to us. By using Stoneware Products, you do so at your own risk.
What are my data protection rights?
Applicable data protection laws may give you the right to control our use and processing of your personal information. These may include the right (i) to request access to and a copy of your personal information, (ii) to request rectification or erasure of your personal information; (iii) to object to processing of your personal information; (iv) to restrict processing or to opt-out of any sale of your personal information; and (v) to data portability. Where we are using your personal information with your consent, you also have the right to withdraw your consent at any time, though this will not affect our uses of your personal information prior to the withdrawal of your consent.
In addition, you may have the ability to review, correct or delete certain personal information of yours via a Stoneware account if you have one.  You may also be able to restrict collection or processing of certain information of yours via device or application settings on your Product.
To further exercise your rights as described above, please contact us at privacy@lanschool.com. We will review, respond to and act upon any such requests in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
If you are an instructor or a school administrator, you have the right to request access to, review, and receive a copy of your personal information or a student’s personal information. You may have the right to request that a minor’s personal information be deleted, or to prevent further use or online collection of a minor’s personal information. If you wish to exercise any of these rights, please contact us at privacy@lanschool.com.
If you are a parent or a student, and you wish to exercise rights to review, access, delete, or prevent further use of a minor’s personal information, please contact your school.
Please note that we will take steps in accordance with applicable law and our privacy and security standards to verify your identity before granting you access to your personal information or by otherwise complying with your request. If you have a Lenovo account, we may verify your identity by requiring you to sign in to your account. If you do not have a Lenovo account or an email address on file with us, then we may request additional limited information from you in order to verify your identity.  Please note that if you do not have an account with Lenovo, or an email address on file, or we are unable to verify your identity in our records, we may deny your request.
You may also use an authorized agent to submit a request under this section on your behalf.  If you choose to have an authorized agent submit such a request on your behalf, Lenovo will require: (i) You to provide the authorized agent written permission to do so; and (ii) your agent to verify their identity directly with Lenovo.  Lenovo may deny a request from an agent that does not meet these requirements.
In addition, you have the right to raise questions or complaints with your applicable national data protection authority at any time.
How may I contact Stoneware?
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, or to exercise your data protection rights as described above, you can contact us at privacy@lanschool.com, or via U.S. postal mail or other means at the following:
Stoneware, Inc.Attn: Privacy Department11555 N Meridian StSuite 150Carmel, IN  46032 USA
For additional LanSchool support resources and contact points, please visit https://lenovosoftware.com/support/ .