http://www.daon.com/privacy-policy
Daon
Home
Solutions
Digital Onboarding
Contact Center Solutions
Remote Workforce Solutions
Mobile Biometric Authentication
Web Authentication
PSD2 Strong Customer Authentication
Multi Factor Authentication
Use Cases
Public Sector
FIDO Quick Start
Healthcare Solutions
Seamless Travel
Products
IdentityX Platform
VeriFLY™
IdentityX Integration
IdentityX Admin
IdentityX FIDO
IdentityX as a Service
Why IdentityX
Daon Engine
Biometrics
Overview
Fingerprint
Face
Voice
Iris
Behavioral
Palm
Multi-modal
Liveness
Analysis
Research
Customers
Customers
Partners
Company
About Daon
Leadership
Careers
Benefits
Our Culture
Areas of Opportunity
Search Opportunities
Job Openings
FIDO
Partner with Us
Compliance
Newsroom
Press Releases
Daon in the News
Spokesperson Bios
Events
Resources
Blog
Case Studies
White Papers
Videos
Podcasts
Brochures and Collateral
Contact
Contact
Request a Demo
Customer Support Portal
Fingerprinting Background Check Help
Search ...
Search
Request a Demo
Home | Privacy policy
EFFECTIVE DATE: May, 2018
Daon has created and adopted this Privacy Statement to demonstrate our firm commitment to your privacy. This Privacy Statement describes how Daon collects, uses, processes, and shares the personal information that we collect from you, or that you provide to us, on our website www.daon.com (Site). We encourage you to read this Privacy Statement carefully to understand our use of your Data.
1. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY STATEMENT
We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Statement at any time. If we make any changes we will post those changes here and update the “Effective Date” at the top of this Privacy Statement. Each time you use the Site the current Privacy Statement will apply and you should review it each time you view the Site.
2. definition of Personal INFORMATION
Generally speaking, personal information is any data that can be used to identify or contact you. However, while this Privacy Statement broadly addresses all types of personal information that we may collect, some of the data we describe below may not be considered personal information according to the data protection laws of the jurisdiction in which you reside. Therefore, you should understand that certain parts of this Privacy Statement will not apply to you depending on the laws of the jurisdiction in which you reside.
3. COLLECTION OF INFORMATION
Each time you visit the Site, we collect information you provide to us and about your use of the Site as described below. For example, during your visit to our Site you may complete an order form, enter a request or submit other information to us which may be considered personal information.
Any additional information you provide to us is voluntary. Please be aware that you can choose whether to provide us with the types of information described below.
Information you provide to us when visiting the Site. When you visit the Site, we collect information you provide to us, including, but not limited to:
Registration information. By registering on the Site, we will collect any information that you make available to us. For example, we may collect your name, physical address, and e-mail address.
Third party information.  We may receive information about you from third parties that you have authorised to share such information with us. For example, if you link your social media account with our Site, we may receive information about you from your social media account.
Communications with us. When you communicate with us in any way, such as e-mail or telephone, we will receive your contact information and any other information you choose to provide to us.
Information about your use of the Site. We collect information about you passively when you visit the Site. We will combine this information with information you give to us and information we collect about you. Examples of the types of information we collect include, but are not limited to:
Third-party plugins. We may have integrated third-party plugins in the Site, and the use of such third-party plugins results in data collection by both Daon and the relevant third-party. For example, the Site may feature a Facebook “Like” button and other widgets, such as the “Share” button or interactive mini-programs. If you use or interact with a third-party plugin, then both the third-party company and Daon will collect information about your access and use of the Site. Please see section 6 for further information.
Cookies and similar tracking technologies. We use both first-party and third-party cookies, and other similar tracking technologies on the Site. A cookie is a small data file that is stored on your device and collects information such as your IP address or information about your use of and/or activities on the Site (for example, what pages you visited, or on which part of our Site you spent the most time). Please see section 6 below for more information.
Log data. We collect log data about your use of the Site, which may include your IP address, IP data and the time of your access or use of the Site, page views, the referring URLs, and any other information about your activities on the Site.
Accessing and using the Site in any other way. When you use or access the Site, we may collect information such as search terms, interactions with other users, and any other activities on the Site.
4. purpose of collection
Generally, we collect your personal information for the purposes of providing you with and improving upon the Site and our legitimate business interests, as set out below. If we identify any new purposes outside of the stated purposes listed below, we will update this Privacy Statement or provide you with notification as required by applicable law.
Fulfilling your requests and orders for our products, programs, and services;
Providing customer service and support;
Allowing you to communicate with other users;
Protecting, optimising, developing, and operating the Site;
Communicating with you;
Complying with legal obligations, and resolving any disputes;
Enforcing our agreements with third parties;
Detection, prevention, and investigation of potential or actual fraud or other harmful activity; and,
Marketing.
If you consent to the use of your personal information for marketing purposes, tick the relevant box situated on the form on which we collect your personal information. You may unsubscribe at any time by contacting us at info@Daon.com.
5. INFORMATION SHARING
We will share your personal information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this Privacy Statement.
Third parties authorised by you. We will disclose your personal information to a third party with your authorisation.
Third-party service providers. We may provide your personal information to companies that provide services to help us with our business activities. These companies are authorised to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to us, based on our instructions and in compliance with this Privacy Statement and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures.
Compliance with legal obligations. We may also disclose your personal information as required by law, such as: to comply with a subpoena or similar legal process; when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights; to protect your safety or the safety of others; to investigate fraud; or, to respond to a government request. Where possible and legally permissible, we will consult you in advance of any such disclosure. We will reject any third party requests for personal information that are not legally binding.
Business transaction. If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of our assets, we may disclose your personal information to a third party involved in the transaction as permitted by applicable law.
Affiliated businesses. Daon may share your personal information with affiliates to provide access to the Site and to improve or develop the Site.
Third-party plugins. Your interactions with third-party plugins are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing the third-party plugin. Daon is not responsible for the privacy and security practices of such third parties, and it is your choice to use such third-party plugins. We encourage you to read the privacy policy of any third party you interact with on or through the Site.
Protection and safety of Daon and others. We are committed to providing a safe environment on the Site. Daon may disclose your personal information for purposes of: fraud prevention and detection; protecting the rights, property, and safety of Daon, you, or others; and, enforcing or applying our Terms of Use and other agreements.
Cookies.  Please see below
6. Cookies & Similar Tracking technologies
Generally, we use cookies, web beacons, and tags to: optimise and improve the Site; identify your device; distinguish you from other visitors; record your IP address to understand your use of the Site; provide user authentication; monitor and maintain information about your use of the Site; identify the name of the Site from which you linked to the Site; and, to conduct fraud prevention and management services.
We do not use these technologies for tracking of any information about your use of other websites or services except as stated herein. Any information that is obtained through cookies, web beacons and similar tracking technologies may be shared with or obtained by third-party service providers on our behalf.
COOKIES
A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a computer or device when you visit the Site. If you reject our cookies and/or similar tracking technologies, you may still use the Site, but your ability to use some or all of the Site, such as contests or surveys, will be limited.
We use both session ID cookies and persistent cookies. A “session ID” cookie expires when you end your session (i.e., close your browser). We use session cookies to make it easier for you to navigate the Site. A “persistent” cookie remains on your hard drive which means that when you end your session and return to the same website later, the cookie information is still available. We set a persistent cookie to store your passwords so you don’t have to enter it more than once. Persistent cookies also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance their experience on the Site.
We use the following types of cookies:
Strictly Necessary Cookies. These cookies are essential because they enable you to move around the Site and use certain features on the Site. For example, strictly necessary cookies allow you to access secure areas. Without these cookies, some content cannot be provided.
Performance/Analytics Cookies. These cookies collect information about how you use the Site. For example, a performance/analytics cookie will collect information about which pages you go to most often, how much time you spend on that page, or if you get error messages from certain pages. These cookies do not gather information that identifies you. The information these cookies collect is anonymous and is used to improve how the Site works.
Functionality Cookies. These cookies allow us to remember the choices you make and to tailor the Site so we can provide relevant content to you. For example, a functionality cookie can remember your preferences (e.g., country or language selection), or your username.
Targeting/Advertising Cookies. These cookies are used to provide advertisements that are more appealing to you and your interests, and to help measure the effectiveness of an advertising campaign. For example, a targeting/advertising cookie can remember that you have visited a website, and it may share this information with other organisations, such as advertisers. This means that after you have visited the Site, you may see advertisements about our products and services elsewhere on the Internet.
Third-Party Cookies. We may place cookies from third-party service providers that fall into one of the above categories, who may use information about your visits to other websites to target advertisements for products and services available from Daon. We do not control the types of information collected and stored by these third-party cookies. You should check the third-party’s website for more information on how they use cookies.
WEB BEACONS / GIFS
Web beacons, or “clear gifs,” are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, and are used to track the online movements of web users. In contrast to cookies, which are stored on a user’s computer hard drive or device, clear gifs are embedded invisibly on web pages and are about the size of the period at the end of this sentence.
We and our third-party service provider employ web beacons for the reasons stated above (under “Cookies”), but primarily to help us better manage content on the Site by informing us which content is effective.
7. HOW TO MANAGE Cookies & Similar Tracking technologies
Below we describe how you can manage first-party or third-party cookies.
Our Cookies (or, “First-Party Cookies”). You can use the browser with which you are viewing the Site to enable, disable, or delete cookies. To do this, follow the instructions provided by your browser (usually located within the “Help”, “Tools” or “Edit” settings). Please be advised that if you set your browser to disable cookies, you may not be able to access parts of the Site or the Site may not work properly. You can find more information about how to change your browser cookie settings at http://www.allaboutcookies.org.
Third-Party Cookies. For more information about third-party advertising networks and similar entities that use these technologies, please see http://www.aboutads.info/consumers, and to opt-out of such ad networks’ and services’ advertising practices, go to http://www.aboutads.info/choices. Once you click the link, you may choose to opt-out of such advertising from all participating advertising entities or only receive advertising provided by specific advertising entities.
8. DATA RETENTION
We will retain your personal data only for as long as necessary for the purposes of providing access to the Site and related services to you, to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
9. SECURITY
The Site has security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of the personal information under our control. Daon will endeavour to use appropriate security measures including firewalls and monitoring.
However, no data transmission over the Internet or storage of data can be guaranteed as 100% secure, thus we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any personal information you transmit to or store with us, and you transfer and store such data at your own risk. You are also responsible for the security of your personal information by taking precautionary measures, such as keeping any account password confidential and using secure wireless connections.
10. Children’s PRIVACY
We do not knowingly request or collect personal information from any person under the age of 16 without prior verifiable parental consent. Children under 16 should not provide personal information to us on the Site.
11. “Do-Not-Track” Signal
You may disable cookies through your browser settings, but Daon does not change the way it responds to a “Do-Not-Track” signal.
12. LINKS TO 3RD PARTY SITES
Our Services include links to other websites whose privacy practices may differ from those of Daon. If you submit personal information to any of those sites, your information is governed by their privacy policies. We encourage you to be aware when you leave the Site and carefully read the privacy policy of any website you visit. This Privacy Statement only applies to the information collected through the Site.
13. Access rights TO INFORMATION
If you wish to request access to, rectification, erasure or restriction of your personal information, or object to the processing of your personal information, please email us at info@Daon.com (with proof of identification). We will respond to reasonable requests in accordance with relevant data protection laws.
14. international users & data
As a global organisation, where legally permissible, Daon may collect, use, disclose, and otherwise process your personal information in countries outside of the country of your residence, which may have different data protection rules.
Daon will not transfer personal information outside the EU to a third country or international organisation that does not provide an adequate level of data protection or without ensuring that appropriate safeguards are in place to protect the privacy and integrity of such personal information.
15. Who are we?
In EU/EMEA services are provided by Daon UC, in the USA services are provided by Daon Inc., and in Asia and Australia services are provided by Daon (Australia) Pty Ltd (collectively, "Daon" or "we").
16. CONTACT US
If you have any questions about this Privacy Statement, our data handling practices, or your dealings with our Services, you can contact us at: info@daon.com.
Daon UC
IFSC House
Custom House Quay
Dublin 1, Ireland
Daon Inc.
11911 Freedom Drive
Suite 900
Reston, VA 20190, USA
Daon (Australia) Pty Ltd
Suite 65, Level 1
10-12 Lonsdale Street, Braddon ACT 2612
Australia
Click on the button below to learn why millions of users prefer biometrics over passwords.
Get Our Demo
Daon
©2020
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
DTIS
Support
×
Login or register
Username
Password
Secret Key
Login
Login with Facebook
Login with Google +