http://www.mmc-marketing-group.com/cookie-policy/
Cookie Policy
Online Cookie Policy
Cookies
To make this site work properly, we sometimes place small data files called cookies on your device. Almost all websites do this too.
What are cookies?
A cookie is a small text file that a website saves on your computer or mobile device when you visit the site. It enables the website to remember your actions and preferences (such as login, language, font size and other display preferences) over a period of time, so you don’t have to keep re-entering them whenever you come back to the site or browse from one page to another
How do we use cookies?
We use Cookies to:
Identify users
Remember users' custom preferences
Help users complete tasks without having to re enter information when browsing from one page to another or when visiting the site later.
Cookies can also be used for online behavioral target advertising and to show adverts relevant to something that the user searched for in the past.
Do we use cookies for marketing and analytics?
Yes, we may use information collected from our cookies to identify user behavior and to serve content and offers based on your profile, and for the other purposes described below, to the extent legally permissible in certain jurisdictions. Some of the cookies we use don't collect information that identifies a visitor. For example –
Performance cookies (see below)
Targeting cookies (see below) where you are not a registered user
In other cases we can associate cookie information (including information from cookies placed via our advertisements on third party sites) with an identifiable individual. For example –
If we send you a targeted email which includes web beacons, cookies or similar technologies we will know whether you open, read, or delete the message.
When you click a link in a marketing e-mail you receive from us, we will also use a cookie to log what pages you view and what content you download from our websites, even if you are not registered at or signed into our site.
Combining and analyzing personal data – As described above, we may combine data from publicly available sources, and from our different e-mail, website, and personal interactions with you (this includes information collected across our different websites such as our careers and corporate sites and information collected when you sign-up or log on to our sites or connect to our sites using your social media credentials (such as LinkedIn). We combine this data to better assess your experience with us and to perform the other activities described throughout our privacy policy.
Do you use any cookies from third party companies?
Some cookies we use are from third party companies, such as Google Analytics, Booking engines, Booking forms, Payment Gateways or other third party sites we partner with to provide us with web analytics and intelligence about our sites. These companies use programming code to collect information about your interaction with our sites, such as the pages you visit, the links you click on and how long you are on our sites. This code is only active while you are on our website. For more information on how these companies collect and use information on our behalf, please refer to their privacy policies.
How does our website use cookies?
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly necessary cookies are those which are essential for our sites to work in the way you have requested. Although many of our sites are open, that is, do not require registration, we may use strictly necessary cookies to control access to some of our community sites, whitepapers or online events such as webinars and to maintain your session during a single visit. These cookies will need to reset on your browser each time you register or log in to a gated area. If you block these cookies entirely, you may not be able to access gated areas. We may also offer you the choice of a persistent cookie to recognize you as you return to one of our gated sites. If you choose not to use this “remember me” function, you will simply need to log in each time you return.
Performance Cookies
Performance cookies, often called analytics cookies, collect data from visitors to our sites on a unique but anonymous basis. The results are reported to us as aggregate numbers and trends. We allow third parties to set performance cookies. We rely on the reports to understand our audiences generally and improve how our websites work.
We use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”), which in turn uses performance cookies. The information generated by the cookies about your use of our website will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. In case IP-anonymisation is activated on our website, your IP address will be truncated within the area of the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases will the whole IP address be first transferred to a Google server in the United States and truncated there. On our websites the IP address is encoded (i.e. anonymised) before being sent to Google servers.
Google will use this information on behalf of the operator of our website to (a) evaluate your use of our website; (b) compile reports on website activity for website operators; and (c) provide website operators with other services relating to website activity and internet usage. The IP address that your browser conveys within the scope of Google Analytics will not be associated with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser. However, please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of our website. You can also opt-out from being tracked by Google Analytics by downloading and installing Google Analytics’ Opt-out Browser Add-On for your current web browser: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en.
Functionality Cookies
We may use site performance cookies to remember your preferences for operational settings on our websites so that you do not have to re-set the preferences every time you visit. For example, the cookie may recognize optimum video streaming speeds or volume settings, or the order in which you look at comments to a posting on one of our forums. These cookies do not identify you as an individual and we don’t associate the resulting information with a cookie that does.
Social Media Cookies
If you use social media or other third party credentials to log in to our sites, that third party organization may set a cookie that allows that organization to recognize you. The third party organization may use that cookie for its own purposes. The organization may also show you ads and content from us when you visit its websites or use its applications. Also, if you use a social media-sharing button or widget on one of our sites, the social network that created the button will record your action for its own purposes. Please look to each social media organization’s privacy and data protection policy to understand (a) its use of cookies; (b) how it tracks you from our sites; and (c) how to control such cookies and buttons.
Targeting/Advertising Cookies
We use tracking and targeting cookies or ask other companies to do so on our behalf to send you emails and show you online advertising that meets your business and professional interests. If you have registered for our websites or submitted information through an online form on one of our websites, we may tailor our emails to you to reflect the interests you have shown during your visits.
We ask third party advertising platforms and technology companies to show you our ads after you leave our sites. This is known as ‘retargeting technology’. This technology allows us to make our website services more interesting for you. Retargeting cookies are used to record anonymized movement patterns on a website. These patterns are used to tailor banner advertisements to your interests. The data used for retargeting is completely anonymous and is only used for statistical analysis. No personal data is stored and the use of retargeting technology is subject to the applicable statutory data protection regulations.
We also work with companies to reach people who have not visited our sites. These companies do not identify you as an individual but instead rely on a variety of other data to show you advertisements, for example, behavior across websites, information about individual devices and, in some cases, IP addresses.
How do I turn off cookies?
All modern browsers allow you to turn off cookies or stop accepting cookies. You can usually find the settings to do so in the “options” or “preferences” menu of the browser on your device or you can use the “Help” option for more details.
Please remember that turning off some cookies may result in our sites not working as intended.
If you are primarily concerned with third party advertising platforms, including those that track your browser across unrelated websites, please visit the Network Advertising Initiative, https://www.networkadvertising.org/, for more information and options for turning off targeting, http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/. The Digital Advertising Alliance also offers an opt-out page at http://www.aboutads.info/choices/. Users based in the European Union can opt-out of targeted advertising through the Europe.
MenuHome
About
Services
Website Design & Development
Website Hosting & Management
Database Development
Search Engine Optimization
Internet Marketing Strategies
Custom Programming
eReZ Internet Booking Engine V5.2 in 2017
Responsive Websites
Channel Managers and More
News
Contact Us
Client Terms & Conditions
Recent News
GDRP Compliant
24 May, 2018
Content Is King
12 February, 2018
MMC’s eReZ a TripConnect Premium Partner
1 February, 2018
Channel Managers and more
12 January, 2018
EREZ INTERNET BOOKING ENGINE V5.2 IN 2017
15 December, 2017
News Archives
May 2018
February 2018
January 2018
December 2017
October 2017
July 2013
May 2013
Privacy Policy
|
Cookie Policy
| Copyright © 2018 - MMC Marketing Group
Home
About
Services
News
Contact Us
Client Terms & Conditions
MMC Marketing Group