https://www.alithya.com/en/privacy-policy
Who We Are
What We Do
The Alithya Way
Technology Partners
Microsoft Solutions
Oracle Solutions
Specialized Partners
Insights
Careers
Who We Are
What We Do
Industries
The Alithya Way
Technology Partners
Insights
Careers
FR
Contact Us
Investors
Newsroom
Events
FR
Services & Solutions
Industries
Business Strategy
Strategic Consulting
Digital Transformation
Organizational Performance
Enterprise Architecture
Application Services
Digital Applications Development
Legacy Systems Modernization
Control/Software Engineering
Cloud and Infrastructure
Enterprise Solutions
Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP)
Corporate Performance Management (CPM/EPM)
Customer Relationship Management (CRM/CXM)
Human Capital Management (HCM)
Data and Analytics
Business Intelligence
Data Management
Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning
Internet of Things (IoT)
Solutions
Main industries
Financial Services
Manufacturing
Energy
Telecommunications
Healthcare
Professional Services
Transportation and Logistics
Government
Solutions
Solutions
AI-FI
Askida CT
Capsure RF
CASSI
//SIDER
Our History
Management Team
Corporate Responsibility
Governance
Certifications and Affiliations
Awards
A career awaits you
Apply now
Specialized Partners
Privacy policy
Alithya is committed to protecting your privacy and meeting the requirements of applicable data protection legislation. This privacy policy explains:
what personal data we collect about you;
why we collect that personal data;
who we share your personal data with;
why we might contact you and how you can change that;
where we use your personal data;
how we keep your personal data secure; and
the rights you have in relation to your personal data.
When we talk about “personal data” in this policy, we mean any information which could be used to identify you, either directly or indirectly, for example in combination with any other information we may hold about you.
This privacy policy covers our use of your personal data which we collect about you during any interaction you may have with us. It covers the collection of personal data via the Alithya website (www.alithya.com) (the “Website”), and from our pages on third party social media channels such as LinkedIn, Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest, Instagram, YouTube and so on.
In this privacy policy, when we refer to “we”, “us” or “our”, we mean “Alithya”. We are the data controller for the purposes of the Data Protection Act 1998.
Please read this privacy policy carefully to understand our practices regarding your personal data. If you have any questions, comments or concerns about any aspect of this privacy policy, please contact our Customer Service team at info@alithya.com.
PERSONAL DATA COLLECTED BY ALITHYA
We may collect and use the following categories of personal data about you:
1- Personal data you share with us
When you register for an Alithya account, download information, or sign up to our mailing lists, we may ask for (one or more of) your name, email address, company name, business address, and telephone number.
In one of our marketing events, you may be asked if you would like to provide your name, e-mail address or other contact information.
2- Personal data we collect about you
We collect some personal data, as well as other information in the form of anonymous or aggregate statistics, when you use our Website. We may collect:
IP address;
MAC address;
other browser-generated information, e.g. browser type, operating system, date and time of access, how long a person looks at a website, what they look at etc; and
location information
We collect some of this information using cookies. You can find more information on what cookies we use, how we use them, and your options for changing how we use them in the section below on “Cookies” and in our Cookie Policy.
3- Personal data we receive from other sources
When you interact with us, or use any of our pages on social media sites, such as LinkedIn, Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest, Instagram, YouTube and so on, we may collect information about you which could include personal data. For example, when you “Like” a post on our Facebook page, or “Follow” us on Twitter. Those social media sites will also have their own privacy policies explaining how they use and share your personal data. You should carefully review those privacy policies before you use those social media sites, to make sure that you are happy with them.
REASONS FOR COLLECTING PERSONAL DATA
1- Personal data you share with us
We use the personal data you share with us to:
respond to your questions and requests;
send you newsletters and suggestions on how to care for your Alithya products and services;
notify you of other Alithya products and services we think you might be interested in;
notify you of special events where Alithya will participate in:
provide you industry information related to Microsoft’s ERP, CRM, Business Intelligence, LinkedIn Sales Navigator Services and Alithya’s Digital products.
send you information on any changes we make to our policies or terms.
2- Personal data we collect about you
We use the personal data we collect about you to:
tailor the way that you interact with us in the future, so that we tailor certain emails and also show you certain adverts, products or offers which we think you may be interested in, on our Website and on certain third party websites (including on social media); and
analyze how our Website is used, so that we can constantly improve the services that we offer.
Not all of the information used for these purposes is “personal data”; some of it is anonymized or used on an aggregate basis.
3- Personal data we receive from other sources
We use the personal data we receive from other sources to develop an understanding of what people think about our products and services, so that we can constantly improve them.
SHARING OF PERSONAL DATA
Alithya does not share your personal information with others unless required to do so by certain regulatory bodies, government and enforcement agencies, if we need or are requested to.
If we decide to sell or buy any parts of our business, we may also need to share your personal data with the buyer of those parts of the business. In those circumstances, we will make sure that any new buyer will promptly give you details of how they will use your personal data, and your options for changing that.
RECEIVING CONTACT FROM ALITHYA & CHANGING CONTACT PREFERENCES
From time to time, we may send you e-mails relating to your Alithya product or services.
We may also send you e-mails with information in relation to any Microsoft ERP, CRM, Business Intelligence, LinkedIn Services and Alithya’s Digital products which we think you might like.
We will only send you e-mails with information if you have agreed that we can (sometimes referred to as an “opt-in”). You can sign up to receive notifications (by e-mail or by post) of our new products, exclusive online offers and events on our website.
In any case, you can ask us to stop contacting you at any time by contacting us on info@alithya.com or by using the unsubscribe option in each e-mail.
USE OF PERSONAL DATA BY ALITHYA
The personal data that we collect about you may be transferred to, accessed, used or stored in, a country outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”) solely for use by Alithya.
We will make sure that any transfer of your personal data by us or by those third parties, complies with the laws which apply to us. In any case, the transfer, access and use of your personal data will continue to be governed by this privacy policy.
By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, access and use of your personal data outside the EEA.
SECURITY OF PERSONAL DATA
We care about your personal data and know that you trust us to keep it secure.
We use appropriate technical and organizational measures, including encryption, to protect your personal data, and review those regularly.
Unfortunately, the transmission of personal data via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data we cannot guarantee the security of your personal data on transmission via the internet.
Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our Website (for example, for your Alithya customer support account), you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone.
PERSONAL DATA AND YOUR RIGHTS
You have the right to ask us to update and correct any out-of-date or incorrect personal data that we hold about you free of charge.
You also have the right to access any personal data that we hold about you.
If you would like to update, correct or access the personal data we hold about you, please contact us on info@alithya.com.
THIRD PARTY SITES
Our Website may contain links to other websites and social media sites operated by third parties. Please note that we have no control over how those third parties collect and use your personal data. Those third party sites may have their own privacy policies. You should always read the privacy policy of each website you visit carefully.
COOKIES
Our Website uses cookies to collect information about you, including some personal data. “Cookies” are small data files which are placed on your device via your web browser when you visit the Website. Any personal data collected by those cookies will be used in accordance with this privacy policy.
You can find more information on what cookies we use, how we use them, and your options for changing how we use them in the Cookie Policy section below.
CHILDREN
Our Website is not directed at, nor do we knowingly collect personal data from, people under the age of 13.If you are a child, please do not attempt to register for an Alithya product, or otherwise provide us with any personal data.
CHANGES
From time to time we may make changes to this privacy policy. If we decide to do so we will post the changes on our Website so that you are always aware of what personal data we collect about you, and how we use it. If we need to, we will e-mail you with details of those changes and/or ask you to confirm that you are happy with them.Please note that the Alithya website (the “Website”) uses cookies.
COOKIE POLICY
This cookies policy describes:
what cookies are;
why we use them;
which cookies we use; and
how you can manage cookies used on our Website.
WHAT ARE COOKIES?
Cookies are small text files which are placed on your device via your browser when you visit the Website. Some cookies that we use may collect personal data about you. In our privacy policy, we explain what “personal data” is, what personal data we collect about you and how we use it.
WHY DO WE USE COOKIES?
Cookies do lots of different jobs on the Website.
Targeting, advertising and third party cookies and similar technologies
We allow third party cookies, web beacons and similar technologies, placed by our re-targeting and advertising partners, to track your browsing habits on our Website (and also elsewhere on the internet and other apps) so that we can later show you targeted ads on other websites (including on social media sites) which we hope are relevant to your interests. For example, if you viewed pages on our Website relating to a particular product, you may be later be shown one of our advertisements relating to these or similar products when you are viewing pages on another website (including on social media sites) or app. These types of cookies, web beacons and similar technologies and the information they collect are also used to limit the number of times you see these advertisements, as well as to help measure the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns and to provide other measurement services.
We also allow third party cookies, placed by our affiliate network partner(s), to record information about third party links or adverts that you may have clicked on directly before browsing on our Website and then making a purchase. These partners do not collect any personal data from which they would be able to identify you.
WHICH COOKIES DO WE USE?
The table below explains what cookies we use on the Website, and the reasons why we use them:
Cookie Name
Purpose
__hstc
Tracks domain, initial timestamp (current visit), session number (increments for each subsequent session).
hubspotutk
Tracks visitor’s identity, recorded on form submission. Used to avoid duplicate contacts. (Expires: 10 years)
__hssc
Tracks sessions. Used to determine session number and timestamps in __hstc cookie. Contains domain, view Count and session start timestamp (expires: 30 minutes)
__hssrc
Used in session changes. It is set to 1 and used to determine whether the user has restarted their browser. If cookie does not exist during check, it is assumed the user is in a new session
__hs_opt_out
Used by the opt-in privacy policy to remember not to ask user to accept cookies again. Set when user is given choice to opt out of cookies. (Expires: 2 years)
__hs_do_not_track
Can be set to prevent tracking code from sending any information to our third party marketing automation website. This is different from opting out of cookies. (Expires: 2 years)
__hs_testcookie
Used to test whether the visitor has support for cookies enabled
hsPagesViewedThisSession
Used to track pages viewed in a session
HOW CAN YOU MANAGE COOKIES ON OUR WEBSITE?
Cookies do lots of important jobs on the Website. However, you are able to disable cookies used on the Website, if you would like to. If you do so, you may find that certain parts of the Website does not work at all, or does not work correctly.You can disable and/or delete all types of cookies by using your browser settings. Cookies are generally easy to disable and/or delete but how you do so varies from browser to browser. The “help” function within your browser should tell you how to do it. The best way may be to close your browser and then search for “cookie folder” or “cookie manager” or simply “cookie”.
CHANGES
From time to time, we may make changes to this cookies policy. If we decide to do so, we will post the changes on our Website, so that you are always aware of what cookies we use and how we use them. If we need to, we will e-mail you with details of those changes and/or ask you to confirm that you are happy with them.
CONTACT DETAILS
If you have any questions, comments or requests relating to our use of cookies, then please contact our info@alithya.com team.
Contact us