https://www.funnelback.com/funnelback-privacy-cookie-notice
Our site uses cookies.  By continuing to use our site you agree that you are happy for us to use these cookies.  These cookies will be used in accordance with our cookie notice
Agree & close
Skip to content
Skip to navigation
Close
Search
Search
Search powered by Funnelback
Cookie Notice
IntroductionThis Notice covers our use of cookies, IP addresses, and other technologies. It applies to all companies identified in the Funnelback Privacy Notice.What are Cookies?Cookies and other online tracking technologies are small bits of data or code that are used to identify your devices when you use and interact with our websites and other services. They are often used for remembering your preferences, to identify popular news stories, and remember you’re logged in, allowing you to comment on stories.What Cookies do we use and how do we use them?Essential cookies and similar technologiesThese are vital for the running of our services on our websites and apps. Without the use of these cookies parts of our websites would not function. We use these cookies to tell if you’re logged in to your account, which allows extra functionality, such as making comments or engaging in live chat.Analytics cookies and similar technologiesThese collect information about your use of our websites and apps, and enable us to improve the way it works. For example, analytics cookies show us which are the most frequently visited pages on Funnelback websites allowing us to provide the most popular articles and items further up the page. They help us record how you interact with our websites, such as how you navigate around pages and from page to page; identifying improvements we can make to the customer journey. They also help identify any difficulties you have accessing our services, so we can fix any problems. Additionally these cookies allow us to see overall patterns of usage at an aggregated level.Functional/preference cookies and similar technologiesThese cookies collect information about your choices and preferences, and allow us to remember things like language, your username (so you can log in faster), text size, and location, so we can show you relevant content to where you are. They allow us to customize the services you have accessed. We also use these cookies to provide you with services such as video clips.Web beaconsThese are bits of data that count the number of users who access a website or webpage and can also allow us to see if a cookie has been activated. Web beacons used on web pages or in emails allow us to see how successful an article has been or that an email message was successfully delivered and read in a marketing campaign. Web beacons are also used to verify any clicks through to links or advertisements contained in emails. We may use this information to help us identify which emails are more interesting to you (this information is aggregated and does not identify you individually).Tracking, advertising cookies and similar technologiesWe use these types of technologies to provide advertisements that are more relevant to your interests. This can be done by delivering online adverts based your previous web browsing activity, known as “online behavioural advertising” (OBA). Cookies are placed on your browser which will remember the websites you have visited. Advertising based on what you have been looking at is then displayed to you when you visit websites who use the same advertising networks.For example: You may be doing online research in order to buy a bicycle, and read a number of articles about bikes on various websites. As you browse those sites a cookie from an advertising network would be placed in your browser. It would remember that you had visited several websites related to cycling. Then, when you visited another website in the same advertising network, the website could show you an advert related to cycling.Tracking URLsTracking URLs are a special web link that allows us to measure when a link is clicked on. They are used to help us measure the effectiveness of campaigns and advertising and the popularity of articles that are read.We also use cookies and similar technologies:When you access and interact with our services cookies may collect certain information about those visits. For example, in order to permit your connection to our websites, our servers receive and record information about your computer, device, and browser, including potentially your IP address, browser type, other software or hardware information, and your geographic location.Specific Cookies used on this siteGoogle AnalyticsTMWe use Google AnalyticsTM to measure which pages on our site attract the most interest and to inform our content strategy so we can ensure we deliver the best quality content possible.Marketo®Marketo helps us learn what specific solutions you might be seeking so that we can provide you with the most relevant content on our site, at events or in email communications.OpentrackerThis is similar to Google AnalyticsTM in that it allows us to track how you move through the site. We use it to monitor use of our site in real time to make sure we're providing useful and relevant content to you.Personalisation CookieWe have built a personalisation feature that tailors content to your country and the industry it appears you might be from. We do this by using your IP address and map that to a country to serve up local content like case studies and the contact details of your nearest office.If you access our services from a mobile deviceWe may collect a unique device identifier assigned to that device, geo-location data, and other transactional information for that device.Usage of servicesTo collect, use and store information about your usage of our services, websites and apps, such as pages you have visited, content you have viewed, search queries you have run, and advertisements you have seen or interacted with.To provide relevant contentThe content on our websites and in our communications with you may be adjusted depending on what we know about the content, products and services that you like. This means we can highlight content and articles that we believe will be of interest to you. We provide personalisation by using cookies, IP addresses, web beacons, URL tracking and mobile app settings.Third party suppliersThird parties that support our services by providing other services, such as allowing you to share content or tracking aggregate service usage, may also use cookies and other technologies to collect information relevant to the provision of those services.We do not control third-party cookies or other technologies. Their use is governed by the privacy policies of third parties using such technologies. You should make sure you are aware of how third parties will use cookies by checking the third party’s cookie policy.To learn more about controlling cookies and similar technologies, please see the section below on managing cookies.Managing cookiesMost modern browsers are set to accept cookies by default, but you can change your settings to notify you when a cookie is being set or updated, or to block cookies altogether. Please consult the “Help” section of your browser.Controlling OBA cookiesThe “Your Online Choices” website http://www.youronlinechoices.com provides more information about controlling cookies. It also provides an easy way to opt out of behavioural advertising from each (or all) of the networks represented by the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance http://www.youronlinechoices.com/uk/your-ad-choices.Controlling web beaconsYou can prevent web beacons from tracking your activity, although you won’t be able to decline receiving them in emails. For information about managing your cookie options, please click here. http://www.allaboutcookies.org/. Further information about cookiesFor further information about cookies please see https://cookiesandyou.com/Please note that by blocking any or all cookies you may not have access to certain features, content, or personalisation available on our websites, or apps.
Get in touch
If you would like to hear from someone in our team, please provide your contact details. We'll be in touch soon.
First Name *
Last Name *
Company *
Job Title *
Email *
Phone *
Country *
Select Country
Australia
United Kingdom
New Zealand
Poland
United States
Canada
----------------
Andorra
United Arab Emirates
Afghanistan
Antigua and Barbuda
Anguilla
Albania
Armenia
Netherlands Antilles
Angola
Antarctica
Argentina
American Samoa
Austria
Aruba
Aaland Island
Azerbaijan
Bosnia and Herzegowina
Barbados
Bangladesh
Belgium
Burkina Faso
Bulgaria
Bahrain
Burundi
Benin
Bermuda
Brunei Darussalam
Bolivia
Brazil
Bahamas
Bhutan
Bouvet Island
Botswana
Belarus
Belize
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Congo, the Democratic Republic of the
Central African Republic
Congo
Switzerland
Cote d'Ivoire
Cook Islands
Chile
Cameroon
China
Colombia
Costa Rica
Cuba
Cape Verde
Christmas Island
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Germany
Djibouti
Denmark
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Algeria
Ecuador
Estonia
Egypt
Western Sahara
Eritrea
Spain
Ethiopia
Finland
Fiji
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Micronesia, Federated States of
Faroe Island
France
France, Metropolitan
Gabon
Grenada
Georgia
French Guiana
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greenland
Gambia
Guinea
Guadeloupe
Equatorial Guinea
Greece
South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
Guatemala
Guam
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Hong Kong
Heard and Mc Donald Islands
Honduras
Croatia (Hrvatska)
Haiti
Hungary
Indonesia
Ireland
Israel
India
British Indian Ocean Territory
Iraq
Iran (Islamic Republic of)
Iceland
Italy
Jamaica
Jordan
Japan
Kenya
Kyrgyzstan
Cambodia
Kiribati
Comoros
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Korea, Democratic People's Republic of
Korea, Republic of
Kuwait
Cayman Islands
Kazakhstan
Lao People's Democratic Republic
Lebanon
Saint LUCIA
Liechtenstein
Sri Lanka
Liberia
Lesotho
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Latvia
Libyan Arab Jamahiriya
Morocco
Monaco
Moldova, Republic of
Madagascar
Marshall Islands
Macedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic of
Mali
Myanmar
Mongolia
Macau
Northern Mariana Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Montserrat
Malta
Mauritius
Maldives
Malawi
Mexico
Malaysia
Mozambique
Namibia
New Caledonia
Niger
Norfolk Island
Nigeria
Nicaragua
Netherlands
Norway
Nepal
Nauru
Niue
Oman
Panama
Peru
French Polynesia
Papua New Guinea
Philippines
Pakistan
St. Pierre and Miquelon
Pitcairn
Puerto Rico
Portugal
Palau
Paraguay
Qatar
Reunion
Romania
Russian Federation
Rwanda
Saudi Arabia
Solomon Islands
Seychelles
Sudan
Sweden
Singapore
St. Helena
Slovenia
Svalbard and Jan Mayen Islands
Slovakia (Slovak Republic)
Sierra Leone
San Marino
Senegal
Somalia
Suriname
Sao Tome and Principe
El Salvador
Syrian Arab Republic
Swaziland
Turks and Caicos Islands
Chad
French Southern Territories
Togo
Thailand
Tajikistan
Tokelau
Turkmenistan
Tunisia
Tonga
East Timor
Turkey
Trinidad and Tobago
Tuvalu
Taiwan, Province of China
Tanzania, United Republic of
Ukraine
Uganda
United States Minor Outlying Islands
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Holy See (Vatican City State)
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Venezuela
Virgin Islands (British)
Virgin Islands (U.S.)
Viet Nam
Vanuatu
Wallis and Futuna Islands
Samoa
Yemen
Mayotte
Yugoslavia
South Africa
Zambia
Zimbabwe
Enquiry Type *
Select Enquiry
Product or Sales Enquiry
Customer Support
Training
Careers
Partnership
State
Message *
I accept the Funnelback and Squiz Privacy Notice *
I agree to the processing of my personal data by Funnelback and Squiz in order to communicate with me on a given question. *
I agree to the processing of my personal data by Funnelback and Squiz for marketing purposes eg. newsletter.
Submit
Submit
Back to the
top
of this page