https://www.securitymentor.com/privacy-policy
Login
Partner Program
Contact Us
Blog
U
Home
5Privacy Policy
Security Mentor Privacy Policy
At Security Mentor, Inc. (“Security Mentor”, or “we,” “us,” or “our”), we respect the importance of your privacy, and we are committed to taking steps to ensure that your personally identifiable information is kept confidential. We believe that you should know what information about you is collected when you use the Security Mentor website (the “Site”) and the services offered through, or associated with, the site including, but not limited to our training, phishing simulation, and policy services (“Services”), as well as how that information is used, maintained and, in some cases, shared. Therefore, we have created this Privacy Policy to set forth our privacy practices and policies. BY USING OR ACCESSING IN ANY WAY THE SITE AND/OR OUR SERVICES AVAILABLE THROUGH THE SITE, OR BY TRANSMITTING INFORMATION TO US BY EMAIL OR OTHER ELECTRONIC MEANS, YOU AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT USE THE SITE OR SERVICES, OR OTHERWISE ENGAGE IN THESE ACTIVITIES.
Information Collection and Use.
When you register with the Site or you wish to use the Services available through the Site, it is necessary for us to collect certain personally-identifiable information from you:
Information Requests. When you request information about Services, we collect and store the information provided about you in order to address your questions, and for enhancement of Services.User Information. When you use our Services, we are provided basic information about you (including your first and last name, email address, IP address, and company you work for) in order to register as an authorized user of the Service.Tracking Use of the Service. We may monitor and track your use of the Service, including lesson completion status and interaction results.Evaluation and Feedback. We may from time to time, including upon completion of a lesson, request you to evaluate our Services. The completion of this evaluation is at your discretion.Information Use and Disclosure
No Selling of Your Personally Identifiable Information. We will not sell your personally identifiable information to a third party, nor will we provide it to a third party for such third party’s marketing purposes unless we have your written consent.Communications. We will store your contact information in connection with your use of the Services and will share it with our Service Providers who need it to provide the Services. We may send emails and other communications to you relating to your account and use of the Service, including lesson release, lesson status and response to support requests.Service Providers. Security Mentor uses Service Providers to perform certain of the hosting, technical processing, communications, backup, administration, support, sales management and website analytics of the Site and Services. Unless we notify you of other privacy terms that would apply to a specific Service, such Service Providers are permitted to use and disclose your personally identifiable information only as provided in this Privacy Policy.Feedback. If you choose to complete our surveys or otherwise provide your feedback to Security Mentor, your evaluation will be shared with relevant members of our team, and with our Service Provider(s) who process statistical information, but not with any other third party. If you provide us with your own comments about our Services, we may use your comments in our marketing and promotional materials and/or on the Site but we will not attribute your comments to you unless you give us express permission to do so.Other Third Party Uses. Security Mentor will not disclose your personal information to a third party for a purpose that is materially different from the purpose(s) for which is was originally collected, stated in our Privacy Policy, or subsequently authorized by you.Others. We will comply with subpoenas, court orders or other legal processes for any of the information about you in our possession, and we may use such information to establish or exercise our legal rights, or to defend against legal claims. We reserve the right to disclose information about you, including data on which Services you have used or which Site pages you have visited, to third parties if we feel it is necessary to protect our systems, Site, Services, business, users or others.Cookies and Log File
We use and store cookies to maintain your session when you use the Service. You can accept or reject some or all cookies for the Site by adjusting your web browser controls. Cookies set by us to provide Services to you are called first-party cookies. We also use third-party cookies, cookies from a different domain than our Site, for advertising and marketing efforts.
In more detail, we use cookies and other tracking technologies for the following purposes:
Providing our products, services, or applications to youAssisting with your navigation of the SiteAssisting with your registration to our eventsAssisting with our promotional and marketing effortsIn addition, as is true of most websites, Security Mentor and/or its Service Providers gather and store certain information about your use of the Site and/or Services, including internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet service provider (ISP) information, referring/exit pages, operating system information, date/time stamps, and clickstream data. We and our Service Providers use this information to analyze trends, to administer the Site and Services, to track users’ movements around the Site and Services, for our advertising and marketing efforts, to understand your browsing of the Site, and to gather demographic information about our user base in aggregate. We do not link this automatically-collected data to personally identifiable information.
Links to Other Sites
The Site contains links to third party sites that are not owned or controlled by us. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. This Privacy Policy applies only to information collected, retained and accessed by the Site, including Services available through the Site. In addition, certain Service Providers may have their own privacy policies that will apply to certain services, as described above.
Security
The security of your personal information is important to us. Security Mentor follows generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. However, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. While we cannot, therefore, guarantee the absolute security of anything transmitted via the Internet, Security Mentor does use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information. Note that emails sent to or from the Service are unencrypted and can potentially be read by others. If you have any questions about security on our Site, you are always welcome to contact us.
Business Transition
In the event that Security Mentor goes through a business transition, such as a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, your information (including your personally identifiable information) will likely be among the assets transferred. You will be notified of any such change in ownership or control of your personal information. Security Mentor cannot guarantee that any entity receiving such information in connection with one of these transactions will comply with all terms of this Privacy Policy.
Consent to Transfer and Processing
Personal information collected through the Site and/or its Services may be stored and processed in the United States or in any other country in which Security Mentor or its Service Providers (or its or their affiliates or providers) maintain facilities. By using the Site and/or its Services, you consent to any such transfer and processing of information outside of your country.
Children's Privacy
If you are under the age of 13, please do not use or access the Site or Services in any way. We will not knowingly collect or use any personal information from any children under the age of 13. If we become aware that we have collected any personal information from children under 13, we will promptly delete such information from our databases.
Terms of Use
Your use of the Site and its services is governed by our then-current Terms of Use.
Changes to This Policy
Security Mentor may update this Privacy Policy from time to time, and when we do, we will also revise the “last updated” date at the top of this Privacy Policy. If we consider any change to this Privacy Policy to be material, we will place a prominent notice on the Site or we may notify you directly by e-mail, at our discretion. Changes are effective upon posting to the Site, unless we say otherwise in our notice, so please check this site often for changes.
Updating Your Information; Questions
You may view your personal account information online by accessing your account for the Site, using your login account information for the Site. Please feel free to contact us at privacy@securitymentor.com, to assist in updating your personal information or if you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy.
Information Disclosure Choices
Marketing Communications. You can opt-out of receiving certain promotional or marketing communications from us at any time, by using the unsubscribe link in the email communications we send.
If you have an account using our Services, we will continue to send non-promotional communications to you, such as service-related emails.
Third Party Advertising. If you do not want us to share your personal information with unaffiliated or non-agent third parties for promotional purposes, you can opt-out by checking the relevant box located on the form on which we collect your data. You can also always opt-out by sending an email with your request to privacy@securitymentor.com.
EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Frameworks
Security Mentor adheres to the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Union and Switzerland to the United States. Security Mentor has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles within the scope of Security Mentor's certification. To learn more, see our Privacy Shield Policy.
California Privacy Rights
Pursuant to Section 1798.83 of the California Civil Code, residents of California have the right to request from a business, with whom the California resident has an established business relationship, certain information with respect to the types of personal information the business shares with third parties for direct marketing purposes by such third party and the identities of the third parties with whom the business has shared such information during the immediately preceding calendar year.
Security Mentor does not share any personal information with third-parties for their direct marketing purposes. If our practices change, we will do so in accordance with applicable laws.
Last Updated: March 05, 2020