http://www.ilign.com/articles/privacy
i-lign Privacy Policy
By Rachel | May 5, 2018
We take your privacy seriously.
Overview
We take your privacy seriously. Any information you have with us is safe and treated with care at all times.
In terms of this policy document, ‘we’, ‘our’ or ‘us’ refers to i-lign trading as i-lign Limited. “You’, ‘your’ or ‘customers’ refers to anyone we are supporting as a user of the i-lign software and related advisory services.
Your Personal Information
We collect the absolute minimum of personal information about our customers. This normally
means name and email address for designated customer contact representatives, or billing contacts only. We use this information to:
Provide our products and services effectively.
Notify our customers about new releases, scheduled maintenance, or unscheduled downtime.
Invite customers to engage with us on product roadmaps.
Submit invoices for payment.
Your Rights
In the event of personal information needing to be deleted or modified, we will carry this out as soon as receiving a request from a customer through our normal Freshdesk support channel.
Problem resolution / bug fixing
On occasions with the express permission of our customers we will access an i-lign customer
database. The database will include name and email information for users of the software.The use of this information for a limited period is to enable us to support our customers effectively, and use of the data is covered by industry standard confidentiality clauses in our agreements.
Third Party Applications / Providers
Our hosting provider for New Zealand customers is SiteHost. They have their own Privacy policy.
Our Help Desk support software is Freshdesk. They have their own Privacy Policy.
Our Commitment to You
We will:
Always respect your information and privacy.
Never sell or pass on your information.
Only share your information if we are legally obliged to do so, and in this case will keep you fully informed.
Ensure our systems and people protect your information and privacy.
Be open and honest should a privacy breach occur.
Respond to any questions about privacy, or changes in privacy policy.
Go to contact page
Copyright (c) 2020, i-lign Ltd; all rights reserved.