http://www.sembee.co.uk/privacy.html
Privacy Policy
Microsoft Exchange and Remote Desktop Services Specialists
0345 644 2669
contact@sembee.co.uk
Home
Services
Exchange Server Consultancy
Exchange Server Maintenance
Remote Desktop Services
Outsourced Consultancy
About
Blog
Contact
Home
Services  >
Exchange Server Consultancy
Exchange Server Maintenance
Remote Desktop Services
Outsourced Consultancy
About
Blog
Contact
Privacy Policy
SEMBEE Limited (company registration number 4704428) whose registered office is at 1 Carnegie Road, Newbury, Berkshire, RG14 5DJ.  (“we”) are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. This policy (together with the Terms and Conditions of Use /terms/ and any other documents we refer to in this policy or the Terms and Conditions of Use) set out how we will use your personal information and who it will be shared with. Please read the following carefully.
Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail.
1          WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU?
We may collect and process the following data about you (“your information”):
information that you submit online via our site, in particular your name and email address which you may provide to us;
any correspondence you send to us; and
details of your visits to our site and the resources that you access (which may include, amongst other things, traffic data and communication data).
We are aware that your information may be confidential and we will protect the confidentiality of your information in accordance with our normal procedures and legal requirements.
How WILL we use your information?
We use your information in the following ways:
to produce anonymous, aggregated figures and reports for our internal purposes and to provide to third parties (see further below);
to ensure that our site’s content is presented as effectively as possible for you;
for our internal purposes, such as quality control, site performance, system administration and to evaluate use of our site, so that we can provide you with enhanced services; and
to notify you about changes to our services.
We may monitor your use of our site and record your email address and/or IP address, operating system and browser type, for system administration. This is statistical information about our users’ browsing actions and patterns and does not identify any individual.
We only keep your information for as long as is necessary.
MARKETING
We would like to send you marketing information about Sembee, our products and services from time to time by email. We will ask you if you want to receive marketing information from us when we collect your information.
You may ask us at any time not to use your information for marketing purposes by contacting us at contact@Sembee.co.uk.
WHERE DO WE TRANSFER your information TO?
We will not transfer your information, or store it, outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”).
Who do we share your information with?
We may share your information with companies in our group and to companies who provide services to us.
We may share your information with other organisations:
if we have to share your information to comply with legal or regulatory requirements, or if we have to enforce or apply our Terms and Conditions of Use sembee.co.uk/terms/ or any other agreements or to protect our rights, property or our customers etc.
How do we keep your information secure?
All your information is stored on our secure servers. Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will apply our normal procedures and comply with legal requirements to protect your information, we cannot guarantee the security of your information transmitted to our site and any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
Our site may from time to time contain links to and from other websites. If you follow a link to any of those sites, please note that those sites ought to have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for those sites or for their privacy policies. Please check those privacy policies before you submit your information to those sites.
Your Rights
You have the right to access your information and should direct any request for your information to us at 1 Carnegie Road, Newbury, Berkshire, RG14 5DJ or contact@sembee.co.uk. Please note that a fee of ten pounds (£10.00) may be payable to meet our costs in providing you with details of the information we hold about you.
You have the right to rectify your information by sending us a written request to us at 1 Carnegie Road, Newbury, Berkshire, RG14 5DJ, contact@sembee.co.uk.
You have the right to ask us not to process your information for marketing purposes. You can do this at the point when we collect your information or later at any time by contacting us at contact@sembee.co.uk
If you have a complaint about how we have used your information, you have the right to complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office.
How to Contact us
Questions, comments or requests concerning this privacy policy are welcomed and should be addressed to us at 1 Carnegie Road, Newbury, Berkshire, RG14 5DJ or contact@sembee.co.uk.
Contact us today
0345 644 2669
contact @ sembee.co.uk
© Sembee Ltd . All rights reserved.
Terms of use
/
Privacy
Terms of use
/
Privacy
© Sembee Ltd . All rights reserved.