http://www.affordablewebsites.co.uk/pages/privacy-statement
Terms of Service
Privacy Statement
Refund Policy
WELCOME TO THE Sundried PRIVACY NOTICE
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Sundried Ltd collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a "User") of the sundried.com website ("Site"). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by Sundried Ltd.
Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, register on the site, place an order, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information.
How we use your information?
1) Name & Contact Details
How we use your name & contact details
Why?
Deliver your purchases to you
We’ve got to do this to perform our contract with you e.g. fulfilling your orders
Sending you information by email about our new products and services
To keep you up to date. We only send this with your permission.
Fraud prevention and detection
To prevent and detect fraud against either you or Sundried
Showing you sundried.com adverts as you browse the web
So you can see our latest products and deals
Finding out what you, and other customers, like
To ensure we are giving you what you want, and to stay ahead of the competition
2) Your payment information
This means your card’s security/CVV code, this is not information that we store.
How we use your payment information
Why?
Take payment, and give refunds
We’ve got to do this to perform our contract with you.
Fraud prevention and detection
To prevent and detect fraud against either you or Sundried.
3) Purchase history and saved items
What you’ve bought and what you’ve stored in your basket for another time
How we use your purchase history and saved items
Why?
Sell you products
We’ve got to do this to perform our contract with you.
Provide customer service and support, and handle returns
We’ve got to do this to perform our contract with you.
Finding out what you, and other customers, like.
To ensure we are giving you what you want, and to stay ahead of the competition
4) Your responses to surveys, competitions and promotions
How we use your responses to surveys, competitions and promotions
Why?
Run the survey, competition or promotion
We’ve got to do this to perform our contract with you.
Users may, however, visit our site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookies
Our Site may use "cookies" to enhance User experience. User's web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
Marketing
We also engage in online advertising, this is so you are up to date with what we are doing and so you can see our products.
These adverts are targeting to you when you are on other websites and apps. We do this using a variety of digital marketing networks.
The ads you see will be based on information we hold about you or your previous use of Sundried (for example, search history and previous orders) or previous Sundried ads you have interacted with.
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.
Your Rights
The right to be informed about how your personal information is being used
The right to access the personal information we hold about you
The right to request the correction of inaccurate personal information we hold about you
The right to request that we delete your data, or stop processing it or collecting it, in some circumstances
The right to stop direct marketing messages
The right to request that we transfer or port elements of your data either to you or another service provider
The right to complain to your data protection regulator — in the UK, the Information Commissioner’s Office
Changes to this privacy policy
The previous change was published 2015-11-26 3:19pm
Sundried Ltd has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at:
privacy@sundried.com
New Arrivals
Add to wishlist
Sundried Mens Recycled Quilted Gilet
£60.00
Add to wishlist
Sundried Kona Men's Swimming Shorts
£30.00
Add to wishlist
Sundried Legacy Men's T-Shirt
£40.00
Add to wishlist
Sundried Legacy Men's Tank Top
£30.00
Add to wishlist
Sundried Legacy Men's Running Vest
£30.00
Loading...
Error
is added to your shopping cart.
is added to your wish list.
Continue Shopping
Go To Cart
Go To Wishlist
Close
Back to top