https://www.pctechguide.com//pctechguide-site-design-policy/privacy-policy-pc-technology-guide-wwwpctechguidecom
Home
Guides
Tutorials
Articles
Reviews
Glossary
Contact
The PC Technology Guide respects the privacy of visitors, and will
not disclose any information gathered during registration to the forums
or through emails received to anyone else unless this is explicitly
agreed by both parties. PCTechGuide may occasionally communicate with
members by email, but will not spam or in any way abuse members’ email
addresses for marketing or any other purpose.
Advertising
Most advertising displayed on the site is served by Google.com AdSense and AdLinks. Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to
serve ads on your site. Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to
serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and other
sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie
by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
Note that some companies advertise directly with PCTechGuide. These
can change quite often, so they will not be listed on this page.
However, details can be given on any advertisements on the site if
requested.
Advertisers: please refer to PCTechGuide’s advertising information.
Statistics
Statistics are gathered on the site’s usage, which includes details
on browsers, resolutions, country of origin and so on. This anonymous
data that is not connected to individuals who visit the site.
Visitor IP Logging
IP logging is used for various reasons on the PCTechGuide website,
particularly when members make posts on the forums. This is for security
purposes, but visitors’ IP addresses may also be used for geo-location.
Be assured that this is anonymous, and is not used to track or trace
any individuals with the exception of any site abuse. Site abuse may be
through hacking attempts, misuse of the forums, or site harvesting. In
these cases IP blocking will be affected, and, depending on the severity
of the offence, IP tracing may be performed leading to possible further
action.
Cookies
The PC Technology Guide uses cookies (tiny data files stored on your
computer) to track member visits and log-in sessions. This is completely
anonymous, and absolutely no sensitive data is stored on the cookies at
all.
Share this:Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
Related
Dropbox has been a popular P2P sharing platform for many years. They don't announce new features as often as other applications, since they have a … [Read More...]How valuable is your data? That’s not a question that organizations or individuals have to ask themselves all that often. You might know the market … [Read More...]Quantum computers have been a subject of discussion for many years. They have probably been something that philosophers and technology pundits have … [Read More...]You don't have a cable available to transfer the photos from your cell phone to your computer? You don't feel comfortable sending them through your … [Read More...]Drupal may not be as popular as WordPress, but it is still used in over 1 million websites. The Internet might be more conducive to our needs if more … [Read More...]If this year weren’t already difficult enough, what with the pandemic and the resultant economic downturn, this is also a year during which we’re … [Read More...]
Guides
Computer Communications
Mobile Computing
PC Components
PC Data Storage
PC Input-Output
PC Multimedia
Processors (CPUs)
Recent Posts
The Internet of Things is one of the biggest developments over the last few years. It was a concept I had not even heard of until 2013, even though I … [Read More...]A modern graphics card's driver software
is
vitally important when it comes to performance and features. For most … [Read More...]As well as producing sound, sound cards double-up as CD-ROM interfaces,
supporting the three proprietary
interfaces for … [Read More...]