http://www.sofpro.com/privacy-policy
Main navigation
PRODUCTS
PC Guard
PC Guard for Win32
PC Guard for .NET
PC Guard for Win64
PC Guard for .NET64
Activation center (ACEN)
Activation suite (ACCS)
SourceArmor .NET
DOWNLOAD
STORE
SUPPORT
NEWS
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This Policy applies to all of the products, services and websites offered by SOFPRO.
As a company dedicated to providing software protection solutions, protecting and defending user privacy is important for us.
This Policy explains how and why we collect information from our users, how we use it, and how you can access or change it.
Please take time to read this policy in full, but here are a few important things to remember:
- Information we collect, process or store is for SOFPRO business purposes only.
- We will never share or sell collected information to any third party entity.
- We give you control through your account settings so you can change and update your personal or company contact information.
- We can completely delete your account on request.
Information you share with us
Contract information
This information is obtained when purchasing our products and services directly from us or from our online vendor (ShareIt/Digital River).
This information is collected and stored in our databases. It includes your personal and company information such as name, company name, address, email address and phone number.
We do not receive or process credit/debit card information. This information is processed by our online vendor (ShareIt/Digital River).
This information is for SOFPRO business purposes only and we do not share or sell customer information to any third party entity.
You control the personal data you share with us. You can access or rectify this data at any time. If required, we can also delete your account on request.
Customers can change their contact information (Name, Company, Address, Phone and Email) at any time in our online activation center.
Customers can subscribe to our newsletter. Subscribed customers will receive latest news at SOFPRO, including new product releases, upgrades, special offers, information about expiring and expired technical support subscriptions and other relevant information from time to time.
Customers can unsubscribe at any time by turning off Newsletter option in account settings.
Feedback forms information
This information is obtained when using our online feedback forms.
We do not collect or store this information in our databases.
Gathered contact information is used for one time delivery of requested information to provided email address.
We will not send unsolicited commercial email ("spam") nor any other kind of email to your email address except the email with requested information.
We will not share or sell provided information to any third party entity.
Cookies
A cookie is a small piece of data that is stored on your computer or mobile device. When you are using our online activation center we send one or more cookies to your computer that uniquely identifies your browser for authorization purposes only.
We use Google Analytics on some of our sites in order to track the number of visitors, how those visitors came to our site, and which pages those visitors visit on our site(s). Google Analytics does not identify individual users or associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. We use reports provided by Google Analytics to help us understand website traffic and webpage usage.
By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner described in Google's Privacy Policy and for the purposes set out above. You can opt out of Google Analytics if you disable or refuse the cookie, disable JavaScript, or use the opt-out service provided by Google.
Log data
When you use our online services our server automatically record information that your browser sends whenever you visit a website. These server logs may include information such as your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser. Our activation center additionally logs information about tasks done such as license activation, reactivation, update or removal.
Links
Our Web site contains links to other sites. Please note that we aren't responsible for the privacy practices of them. We advice our users to read the privacy statements of every Web site that collects personal information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by SOFPRO web sites.
Security
SOFPRO takes every precaution to protect our users information. When users submit sensitive information via the Web site, your information is protected both online and off-line. We also do everything in our power to protect user information off-line. All of our user's information remains confidential in our offices.
Changes to this policy
Please note that this Privacy Policy may change from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Policy without your explicit consent, and we expect most such changes will be minor. Regardless, we will post any Policy changes on this page and, if the changes are significant, we will provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Policy changes).
If you have any additional question or concerns about this Policy, please feel free to contact us.