https://www.envisialearning.com/cookie_policy
Unlimited Free Assessments    |
Coaching & Training Resources
Try Us Out: Momentor Demo | 360 Feedback Free-Trial
We use cookies to give you a better experience. By continuing to browse this site, you give consent for cookies to be used. For more details, please read our cookie policy
Toggle navigation
Assessment & Technology Services
Products
NeuroTeamViewTeam Assessment
NeuroViewLeadership Trust Assessment
StressScanStress and Lifestyle Assessment
Talent AcceleratorBehavior Change Platform
ViewSuite360360 Degree Feedback
About
Who We Are
IT & Security Infrastructure
Global Partner Network
Neuroscience Innovations
Research & Publications
AM Azure Consulting
Contact
UK Site
Assessment & Technology Services
Products
360 Degree Feedback
NeuroView
Momentor
About
Contact Us
Cookie Policy
This website, along with most other major websites, uses cookies. By continuing to browse our site, you consent to our placing cookies on your computer (unless you have chosen to disable them via your browser).
Index
What are cookies?
The types of cookies we use
How to control and delete cookies
What are cookies?
Cookies are small text files which are stored on your computer or device when you visit a website. These are designed to help the site remember information about you and your preferences.
How do we use them?
We use cookies to collect anonymous information that help us understand visitors’ browsing habits on our website and website activity. This information helps us to improve our products, services and allow us to provide a customised user experience on the website.
Note: None of the cookies used on our website collect personally identifiable information about you.
The types of cookies we use
Session Cookies
These are stored in your device's memory for the length of your browsing session. They become inaccessible after the session has been inactive for a time and are automatically deleted when the browser is closed.
Persistent Cookies
These are stored in your device’s memory until they expire or are deleted. These cookies are used to collect statistical information, how visitors use our website and their preferences.
Third-party cookies
Envisia Learning works with selected companies to provide additional content and services, for example Google Analytics. These companies may also set cookies on our behalf.
Sharing with social networks
Social media channels (such as: Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, YouTube amongst others) may set a cookie on your device when you use the sharing buttons on our website.
A full list of the cookies that we use can be found in the table below.
Cookies we use
Name
Expiration
Purpose
Google Analytics and statcounter
_ga
_gat
_gid
_utmc
sc_is_visitor_unique
_unique
sc_visitor_unique
2 years Session10 minutesEnd of your session
These are used to collect information about how visitors use our website and to track website performance, which we use to help us improve your experience.
Session Cookie
_envisia_learning_session
_cfduid
End of your session
Used to identify your session on our server so we can securely store information about your location and language while browsing our site. _cfdiud helps to speed up page load times.
Persistant Cookie
Cookies_accepted
3 years
Upon your first access to our website, a banner will appear, asking you to give us your consent to the setting of cookies. Once you click on “accept”, we will place a cookie on your computer and the banner will not appear again as long as the cookie is active.
The banner will reappear after 3 years, or upon your next visit to our website if you actively delete the cookie.
Persistant Cookie
wp-settings-1
wp-settings-time-1
1 year
These cookies are set by Wordpress, they support optimised display and the use of the website by the Administrator.
Third-Party Cookies
eu_cn
guest_id
tfw_exp
End of your session
These cookies are set by Twitter for integration purposes, to enable sharing capabilities and to identify and track the website visitors.
Third-Party Cookies
personalization_id
2 years
This cookie is set by Twitter and it allows users to share posts.
Third-Party Cookies
mbox
2 weeks
Cookie used for measuring the performance of page content using A/B split testing.
Use of contact forms
You can contact us by using the contact forms available on our website. Our forms require the following information:
First name, Last Name
Company Name
Contact Data (e.g. e-mail address and phone number)
Message
We will ask if you have read and accept our privacy policy and whether you would like to receive the latest news about our products and services.
We collect, process and use the information provided by you exclusively for the processing of your specific request.
Links to other websites
This privacy policy does not cover the links within this site linking to other websites. We encourage you to read the privacy policy of other websites you visit.
How to control and delete cookies
You can manage whether to restrict or block cookies through your web browser. The 'Help' function within your browser should tell you how to do so. Alternatively, you can find out more information about cookies and the steps you can take to protect your privacy on the internet on the following websites:
www.allaboutcookies.org – a comprehensive site sharing information about cookies and how to manage them.
http://www.youronlinechoices.com/ - On this website you'll find information about how behavioural advertising works.
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout -To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites visit
https://ico.org.uk/for-the-public/online/cookies - This information has been written by the UK’s independent authority set up to uphold information rights in the public interest.
Please note that if you decide to block all cookies, your online experience will not be personalised.
You may also want to read our privacy policy, which governs how and when we use your personal data.
About Envisia Learning
Envisia Learning has been helping leadership development professionals deliver real and lasting behavior change in organizations for over 30 years. Our individual, team, organizational and 360-degree feedback assessments,
together with our online program management platform merge our expertise in psychology, technology and talent development to offer a suite of tools and customized solutions that will elevate your programs. We invite you to contact us to learn more.
©2020 Envisia Learning
. Privacy Policy • Cookie Policy
Contact Sales
North America:
(800) 335-0779, x2
UK and Europe:
+44 (0) 1223 776050
+44 (0) 1608 654007
Locations
United States:
520 N Ventu Park Rd., Suite 305Newbury Park, CA 91320
United Kingdom:
6 Caxton House, Broad Street,Great Cambourne, Cambridge,CB23 6JN
9 Fosse Way, Business Centre,Stratford Road, Moreton-in-Marsh,GL56 9NQ