http://www.somusar.com/legal/index.html#privacy
We Generate Your Software.
Products
Services
Company
Technology
Demo
Contact
Site Map
Search
Products
Services
Free trial of Somusar products and services
Company profile
Contact information
Technical documentation
Site map
Website legal information
SO.MUS.AR. di Aliverti-Piuri Francesco & C. s.a.s.
Website Legal Information
APPLICABLE LAWS
This website ("Website"), excluding linked sites,
is controlled and operated in whole or in part by
so.mus.ar. s.a.s. ("Somusar") from its offices within
Italy.
This Website is accessible from all countries
around the world that are connected to the Internet.
As each of these places has laws that may differ from
those of Italy, by accessing this Website both you
and Somusar agree that the statutes and laws of Italy,
without regard to conflicts of laws principles thereof,
will apply to all matters relating to use of this
Website.
You and Somusar also agree and hereby submit
to the exclusive personal jurisdiction and venue of
the Court of Milan, Italy.
Somusar makes no
representation that materials on the Website are
appropriate or available for use in other locations,
and accessing them from territories where their
contents are illegal is prohibited.
Those who choose
to access this site from other locations do so
on their own initiative and are responsible for
compliance with applicable local laws.
COPYRIGHT NOTICE
Unless otherwise acknowledged on the page where it
appears, all texts, photos, graphic images, and other
content (collectively "Content") at this site are
Copyright 2002-2010 Somusar and may not be used in any
manner whatsoever without written permission of
Somusar.
Permission is granted, however, to quote
brief excerpts of the Content (400 words or less)
in press reviews, news or magazine articles, or
scholastic works as long as www.somusar.com is
acknowledged as the source.
TRADEMARK NOTICE
Somusar/Software Production Technique,
Somusar/Software Production Machine,
Somusar/SoProMach, Somusar/Software Mold,
Somusar/Software Mold Kit,
Somusar/Software Entity,
Somusar/Sisendel, Somusar/Tefigel,
Somusar/Software Mold Building,
Somusar/Code Generator Building,
Somusar/Generator Building,
and Somusar/File Generation Scheme are trademarks
or service marks of so.mus.ar. s.a.s.
Unix is a registered trademark in the United States
and other countries, licensed exclusively through
X/Open Company Limited.
Linux is a registered trademark of Linus Torvalds
in the United States and other countries.
Sun, Sun Microsystems, the Sun logo, Solaris, Java
and all Java-based marks are trademarks or registered
trademarks of Sun Microsystems, Inc.
in the United States and other countries.
Symbian and all Symbian-based marks and logos
are trademarks of Symbian Software Limited.
Apple and Mac OS are registered trademarks of Apple
Computer, Inc. in the United States and other countries.
Intel is a registered trademark of Intel Corporation
in the United States and other countries.
PowerPC and CICS are registered trademarks of
International Business Machines Corporation
in the United States and other countries.
Microsoft, Windows, Visual Basic are either
trademarks or registered trademarks of Microsoft
Corp. in the United States and/or other countries.
Oracle is a registered trademark, and PL/SQL is a
trademark of Oracle Corporation.
SAP and ABAP/4 are registered trademarks of SAP AG
in Germany and several other countries.
PostScript is a registered trademark of Adobe Systems
Incorporated in the United States and/or other
countries.
Other trademarks or service marks referenced herein
are property of their respective owners.
REVISIONS
Somusar may modify, suspend, withdraw or discontinue,
temporarily or permanently, the Content of this
Website, in whole or in part, at any time without
notice.
You agree that Somusar shall not be liable
to you or to any third party for any modification,
suspension, withdrawal or discontinuance of the
Content.
SOMUSAR'S PRIVACY STATEMENT
Somusar respects your right to privacy and your right
to limit information exchanges to only those you
initiate, if you so desire.
We do acquire certain
personal information from private individuals in the
course of business, and may at times share this
personal information with our partners.
We use this
information to better serve you and facilitate your
use of our Website.
Somusar may also acquire a
private individual's personal information from
registration forms, product order information, or
e-mail messages to us.
The Somusar web server also
records visitor IP addresses and domain names for
reporting and site usage analysis.
This information
is reported internally and then purged when required.
LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES
This Website may contain links to third-party websites.
The linked sites are not under the control of Somusar,
and Somusar is not responsible for the contents of
any linked site or any link contained in a linked site.
Somusar provides these links only as a convenience,
and the inclusion of a link does not imply affiliation
with Somusar or endorsement of the linked site by
Somusar.
Copyright (c) 2002-2010 so.mus.ar. s.a.s.
All rights reserved.
[Back to top]
http:// www.somusar.com
/ legal
- Powered by SoProMach
Copyright © 2003-2012 Somusar - Trademarks - Legal - Privacy - Webmaster