http://www.bsicomputer.com/page/privacy-policy
For customization, consultation & customer support, call: 1.800.872.4547
My Account
My Cart
Live Chat Support Software
You are here:
Home
>
Support>Privacy Policy
Support
Service Policy and Procedure
80 PLUS Certification
Limited Warranty
Online RMA
Out of Warranty Service
Terms and Conditions of Sales
Revolving Charge Sales Agreement
Return Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
BSI's Privacy Policy
At BSI, we are committed to protecting your privacy. We use the information we collect about you only to process orders. Please read on for more details about our privacy policy.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
What information do we collect? How do we use it?
When you order, we need to know your name, e-mail address, mailing address, credit card number, and expiration date. This allows us to process and fulfill your order and to notify you of your order status.
This information will only be used by BSI and will not be used by any other company for any purpose.
How does BSI protect customer information?
When you place orders we offer the use of a secure server. The secure server software (SSL) encrypts all information you input before it is sent to us. Furthermore, all of the customer data we collect is protected against unauthorized access.
Will BSI disclose the information it collects to outside parties?
BSI does not sell, trade, or rent your personal information to others. Period.
In summary
We are committed to protecting your privacy. We use the information we collect on the site to make shopping at BSI possible and to enhance your overall shopping experience. We do not sell, trade, or rent your personal information to others.
Your consent
By using our Web site, you consent to the collection and use of this information by BSIcomputer.com. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.
Tell us what you think
BSI welcomes your questions and comments about privacy. Please send e-mail to info@bsicomputer.com
© 2020, Broadax Systems, Inc. All rights reserved.