https://www.easygui.com/cookie-policy
A note on Cookies.
We use cookies on our www.easyGUI.com website. We do this because we want to ensure our customers a comfortable, fast and relevant time when visiting our website. We also use cookies to run our web shop.
You can always opt out of using cookies in the future, or delete your current cookies from your machine (please see the below document for examples how to do this), but most web sites will not run properly without the use of cookies. Our website will run fine without the use of cookies, except for our web store. If you have cookies turned off, you will not be able to make a purchase. You are always welcome to contact us at sales@ibissolutions.com, we can then assist you in making a purchase without using our web shop.
Please know that cookies will not harm your machine in any way. They do not contain any Malware, or any Viruses, they are small snippets of text code (see examples below) placed on your machine. They are used to track customer behavior and session information; they do not contain personal information like your name, address, Email or payment information.
Cookies called Session_cookies are deleted when the browser is closed, while others stay on your machine for a longer period of time (for example anywhere from between 10 minutes and 2 years, unless you delete it), these are called Persistent_cookies. To know what cookies we use please see the below document.
Cookies policy
1.            About cookies
1.1          A cookie is a file containing an identifier (a string of letters and numbers) that is sent by a web server to a web browser and is stored by the browser. The identifier is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server.
1.2          Cookies may be either “persistent” cookies or “session” cookies: a persistent cookie will be stored by a web browser and will remain valid until its set expiry date, unless deleted by the user before the expiry date; a session cookie, on the other hand, will expire at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed.
1.3          Cookies do not typically contain any information that personally identifies a user, but personal information that we store about you may be linked to the information stored in and obtained from cookies.
1.4          Cookies can be used by web servers to identity and track users as they navigate different pages on a website and identify users returning to a website.
2.            Our cookies
2.1          We use both session and persistent cookies on our website.
2.2          The names of the cookies that we use on our website, and the purposes for which they are used, are set out below:
(a)           we use woocommerce_cart_hash on our website, this cookie contain information about the cart as a whole and helps WooCommerce know when the cart data changes. No personal information is stored within this cookie.
(b)           we use woocommerce_items_in_cart on our website, this cookie contain information about the cart as a whole and helps WooCommerce know when the cart data changes. No personal information is stored within this cookie.
(c)           we use (wp_woocommerce_session_) on our website, this cookie contains a unique code for each customer so that it knows where to find the cart data in the database for each customer. No personal information is stored within this cookie.
3.            Analytics cookies
3.1          We use Google Analytics to analyse the use of our website.
3.2          Our analytics service provider generates statistical and other information about website use by means of cookies.
3.3          The analytics cookies used by our website have the following names: _ga, _gat,_utma, _utmb, __utmv, _utmc, __utmt and _utmz.
3.4          The information generated relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of our website.
3.5          Our analytics service provider’s privacy policy is available at: http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/.
4.            Blocking cookies
4.1          Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies; for example:
(a)           in Internet Explorer (version 10) you can block cookies using the cookie handling override settings available by clicking “Tools”, “Internet Options”, “Privacy” and then “Advanced”;
(b)           in Firefox (version 24) you can block all cookies by clicking “Tools”, “Options”, “Privacy”, selecting “Use custom settings for history” from the drop-down menu, and unticking “Accept cookies from sites”; and
(c)           in Chrome (version 29), you can block all cookies by accessing the “Customise and control” menu, and clicking “Settings”, “Show advanced settings” and “Content settings”, and then selecting “Block sites from setting any data” under the “Cookies” heading.
4.2          Blocking all cookies will have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites.
4.3          If you block cookies, you will not be able to use all the features on our website.
5.            Deleting cookies
5.1          You can delete cookies already stored on your computer; for example:
(a)           in Internet Explorer (version 10), you must manually delete cookie files (you can find instructions for doing so at http://support.microsoft.com/kb/278835);
(b)           in Firefox (version 24), you can delete cookies by clicking “Tools”, “Options” and “Privacy”, then selecting “Use custom settings for history”, clicking “Show Cookies”, and then clicking “Remove All Cookies”; and
(c)           in Chrome (version 29), you can delete all cookies by accessing the “Customise and control” menu, and clicking “Settings”, “Show advanced settings” and “Clear browsing data”, and then selecting “Delete cookies and other site and plug-in data” before clicking “Clear browsing data”.
5.2          Deleting cookies will have a negative impact on the usability of many websites.
Our details
6.            Our details
6.1          This website is owned and operated by IBIS Solutions ApS.
6.2          We are registered in Denmark under registration number DK 27 06 03 07, and our registered office is at Torvevangen 24, 4550 Asnaes, Denmark.
6.3          Our principal place of business is at Torvevangen 24, 4550 Asnaes, Denmark.
6.4          You can contact us by writing to the business address given above, by using our website contact form, by email to support@ibissolutions.com, by FAX on +45 7023 0495 or by telephone on +45 7022 0495
Contact info easyGUI software solutions
By IBIS Solutions Aps
Torvevangen 24, 4550 Asnaes, Denmark
Phone : +45 7022 0495
Fax: +45 7023 0495
sales@ibissolutions.com
support@ibissolutions.com
Please observe that our office hours follows the Greenwich Mean Time (GMT) + 1 hour.
SE/CVR/VAT no.: DK 27 06 03 07
Contact us Do you have any question, product inquires or support questions? Please do not hesitate to contact us here.
Scroll to top
This site uses cookies.We use cookies in order to provide you with the most optimized service, to generate statistics (performance cookies), and to operate our web store. By continuing to use this website you accept our use of cookies. Accept Read MoreGDPR
necessary
Always Enabled
non-necessary