https://www.designmind.com/designmind-data-consultants/privacy-and-cookie-policy/
Resources
Jobs
Blog
Contact
415.538.8484
What Information Do We Collect?
According to our privacy and cookie policy, we collect information from you when you subscribe to our newsletter, respond to a survey or fill out a form. When registering on our site, you may be asked to enter your name, e-mail address.  You may also visit our site anonymously.
What Do We Use Your Information For?
Information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To send periodic emails
To send you information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions
Do We Use Cookies?
Yes, (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard
drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems
to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.
We use cookies to compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can
offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may contract with third-party service
providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not
permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our
business.
Do We Disclose Any Information To Outside Parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable
information.
Do We Link To Third Party Sites?
Our Web site contains links to other sites that are not owned or controlled by DesignMind. Please
be aware DesignMind is not responsible for the privacy practices or policies of others. We
encourage you to consult and read the privacy policies of the other sites. This privacy policy
applies only to information collected by our Web site.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the
California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal
information to outside parties without your consent.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
Changes To Our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page. This policy was last modified on 9/1/2015.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy and cookie policy, please contact us.
DesignMind
607 Market Street, 3rd Floor
San Francisco, CA 94105
USA
ClientsMore
Leadership TeamMoreMark GinnebaughCEOAngel AbundezVP, Solutions ArchitectureChristian RenningerVP, Business IntelligenceMark DaughertyVP, Business Development
Learn more
Clients
Partners
Subscribe
Contact Us
607 Market Street, 4th Floor
San Francisco, CA 94105
1.415.538.8484
info@DesignMind.com