https://www.pulsesecure.net/california-consumer-privacy-act/
Pulse Secure - California Consumer Privacy Act
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
This page was last changed on March 1, 2020, last checked on March 1, 2020 and applies to residents of the United States of America.
1   Introduction
Our website, https://www.pulsesecure.net/ (hereinafter: “Website”) uses cookies and other related technologies (for convenience all technologies are referred to as “Cookies”). Cookies are also placed on our Website by third parties we have engaged. In the document below we inform you about the use of Cookies on our Website.
2   What are Cookies
A Cookie is a small simple file that is sent along with pages of this Website and stored by your browser on the hard drive of your computer or other device. The information stored therein may be returned to our servers or to the servers of the relevant third parties during a subsequent visit.
3   What are scripts?
A script is a piece of program code that is used to make our Website function properly and interactively. This code is executed on our server or on your device.
4   What is a web beacon?
A web beacon (or a pixel tag) is a small, invisible piece of text or image on a website that is used to monitor traffic on a website. In order to do this, various data about you is stored using web beacons.
5   Consent
When you visit our Website for the first time, we will show you a pop-up with an explanation about Cookies. You have the right to opt-out and to object against the further use of non-functional Cookies.
Revoke Cookie Consent
You can also disable the use of Cookies via your browser, but please note that may result in our Website no longer functioning properly.
6   Third parties
We have made agreements about the use of Cookies with other companies that place Cookies. While we strive to ensure that these third parties treat your personal information in a reliable and secure manner (e.g, putting into place contractual requirements), we cannot always guarantee that will be the case. Parties such as Google are to be considered as independent data controllers. We recommend that you read the privacy statements of these companies.
7   Cookies
7.1  Required:
These cookies are essential in order to enable you to move around the website and use its features, such as accessing secure areas of the website. Without these cookies services you have asked for, like shopping baskets or e-billing, cannot be provided.
7.2  Functional:
Cookies of this type fall into two categories:
Performance
These cookies collect information about how visitors use a website, for instance which pages visitors go to most often, and if they get error messages from web pages. These cookies don’t collect information that identifies a visitor. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. It is only used to improve how a website works.
Functionality
These cookies allow the website to remember choices you make (such as your user name, language or the region you are in) and provide enhanced, more personal features. For instance, a website may be able to provide you with local weather reports or traffic news by storing in a cookie the region in which you are currently located. These cookies can also be used to remember changes you have made to text size, fonts and other parts of web pages that you can customize. They may also be used to provide services you have asked for such as watching a video or commenting on a blog. The information these cookies collect may be anonymized and they cannot track your browsing activity on other websites.
7.3  Non-functional Cookies
These are Cookies that can be set for statistical, social, targeting and commercial purposes.
7.4  Advertising:
These cookies are used to deliver adverts more relevant to you and your interests. They are also used to limit the number of times you see an advertisement as well as help measure the effectiveness of the advertising campaign. They are usually placed by advertising networks with the website operator’s permission. They remember that you have visited a website and this information is shared with other organizations such as advertisers. Quite often targeting or advertising cookies will be linked to site functionality provided by the other organization.
8   Placed Cookies
For further information please visit: Pulse Secure Tracker Detail Page
9   Your rights with respect to personal data
You have the following rights with respect to your personal data:
you may submit a request for access to the data we process about you;
you may object to the processing;
you may request an overview, in a commonly used format, of the data we process about you;
you may request correction or deletion of the data if it is incorrect or not or no longer relevant, or to ask to restrict the processing of the data.
To exercise these rights, please contact us. Please refer to the contact details at the bottom of this page. If you have a complaint about how we handle your data, we would like to hear from you.
10   Enabling/disabling and deleting Cookies
You can use your internet browser to automatically or manually delete Cookies. You can also specify that certain Cookies may not be placed. Another option is to change the settings of your internet browser so that you receive a message each time a Cookie is placed. For more information about these options, please refer to the instructions in the Help section of your browser.
11   Selling data to third parties
We do not sell data to third parties
12   Contact details
For questions and/or comments about our Cookie Policy and this statement, please contact us by using the following contact details:
Pulse Secure, LLC
2700 Zanker Road
Suite 200
San Jose California 95134
Tel: (408) 372-9600
privacy@pulsesecure.net
Watch Video
Free Trial
Demo