https://www.halski.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy Information Collection and Use
Halski.com (“Us” or “We”) is the sole owner of information collected on this site to purchase most products and services from Halski.com. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to any third parties, except as outlined in this policy. We collect information from our customers to process orders and better serve you with pertinent information, such as order confirmations, order status updates, and to provide you with information on products and services that are available from us or parties associated with us. We may also use such information to better understand the shopping experiences of you individually or in conjunction with a group of our customers. Information collected includes your name, shipping address, billing address, telephone numbers, e-mail address, and payment information such as your credit card number.
Providing Visitors with Anonymous Access
You can access our Web site home page and browse our site without disclosing your personal data.
Automatic Collection of Information
We do not automatically log personal data nor do we link information automatically logged by other means with personal data about specific individuals. We do not use cookies to store personal data nor do we link non-personal information stored in cookies with personal data about specific individuals.
Data Collection and Purpose Specification
We do not collect any personal data from our visitors when they use our services. We do not collect information about our visitors from other sources, such as public records or bodies, or private organizations.
Links
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that Newegg.com is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies only to information collected by this website.
Halski Systems, LLC
210 Washington St, NW
Gainesville, GA 30501