http://www.i-next.co.uk/privacy-and-cookies-policy
Privacy and Cookies Policy | I-ntarsia
Skip to main content
Main navigation
Home
Why
Features
Articles
Customer Profiles
Reviews
About Us
Request a Demo
Privacy and Cookies Policy
1.    Introduction
1.1    We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our website visitors and service users.
1.2    This policy applies where we are acting as a data controller with respect to the personal data of our website visitors and service users; in other words, where we determine the purposes and means of the processing of that personal data.
1.3    We will ask you to consent to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of this policy when you first visit our website.
1.4    In this policy, "we", "us" and "our" refer to I-Next Limited.
2.    How we use your personal data
2.1    In this Section 2 we have set out:
(a)    the general categories of personal data that we may process;
(c)    the purposes for which we may process personal data; and
(d)    the legal bases of the processing.
2.2    We may process data about your use of our website and services ("usage data"). The usage data may include your IP address, geographical location, browser type and version, operating system, referral source, length of visit, page views and website navigation paths, as well as information about the timing, frequency and pattern of your service use. The source of the usage data is our analytics tracking system. This usage data may be processed for the purposes of analysing the use of the website and services. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely monitoring and improving our website and services.
2.3    We may process your account data ("account data"). The account data may include your name and email address. The source of the account data is you or your employer. The account data may be processed for the purposes of operating our website, providing our services, ensuring the security of our website and services, maintaining back-ups of our databases and communicating with you. The legal basis for this processing is the performance of a contract between you and us (or a company we have a data processing agreement with) and/or taking steps, at your request, to enter into such a contract.
2.4    We may process your information included in your personal profile on our website ("profile data"). The profile data may include [your name, address, telephone number, email address, profile pictures, gender, date of birth, relationship status, interests and hobbies, educational details and employment details. The profile data may be processed for the purposes of enabling and monitoring your use of our website and services. The legal basis for this processing is the performance of a contract between you and us (or a company we have a data processing agreement with) and/or taking steps, at you request, to enter into such a contract.
2.5    We may process your personal data that are provided in the course of the use of our services ("service data"). The service data may include websites you can administer, external services you wish to access and appropriate credentials. The source of the service data is you or your employer. The service data may be processed for the purposes of operating our website, providing our services, ensuring the security of our website and services, maintaining back-ups of our databases and communicating with you. The legal basis for this processing is the performance of a contract between you and us (or a company we have a data processing agreement with) and/or taking steps, at your request, to enter into such a contract.
2.6    We may process information that you post for publication on our website or through our services ("publication data"). The publication data may be processed for the purposes of enabling such publication and administering our website and services. The legal basis for this processing is the performance of a contract between you and us (or a company we have a data processing agreement with) and/or taking steps, at your request, to enter into such a contract.
2.7    We may process information contained in any enquiry you submit to us regarding goods and/or services ("enquiry data"). The enquiry data may be processed for the purposes of offering, marketing and selling relevant goods and/or services to you. The legal basis for this processing is consent.
2.8    We may process information that you provide to us for the purpose of subscribing to our email notifications and/or newsletters ("notification data"). The notification data may be processed for the purposes of sending you the relevant notifications and/or newsletters. The legal basis for this processing is the performance of a contract between you and us (or a company we have a data processing agreement with) and/or taking steps, at your request, to enter into such a contract.
2.9    We may process information contained in or relating to any communication that you send to us ("correspondence data"). The correspondence data may include the communication content and metadata associated with the communication. Our website will generate the metadata associated with communications made using the website contact forms. The correspondence data may be processed for the purposes of communicating with you and record-keeping. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our website and business and communications with users.
2.10    We may process information contained in any list subscription you submit to us regarding goods and/or services ("list subscription data"). The list subscription data may be processed for the purposes of offering, marketing and selling relevant goods and/or services to you. The legal basis for this processing is consent.
2.11    In addition to the specific purposes for which we may process your personal data set out in this Section 2, we may also process any of your personal data where such processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.
2.12    Please do not supply any other person's personal data to us, unless we prompt you to do so.
3.    Providing your personal data to others
3.1    We may disclose your personal data to any member of our group of companies (this means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and all its subsidiaries) insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes, and on the legal bases, set out in this policy.
3.2    We may disclose your personal data to our insurers and/or professional advisers insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes of obtaining or maintaining insurance coverage, managing risks, obtaining professional advice, or the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure.
3.3    We may disclose your personal data to subcontractors insofar as reasonably necessary for operating our website, providing our services, ensuring the security of our website and services, maintaining back-ups of our databases and communicating with you.
3.4    In addition to the specific disclosures of personal data set out in this Section 3, we may disclose your personal data where such disclosure is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person. We may also disclose your personal data where such disclosure is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure.
4.    International transfers of your personal data
4.1    In this Section 4, we provide information about the circumstances in which your personal data may be transferred to countries outside the European Economic Area (EEA).
4.2    We have a development and support subcontractor situated in the Ukraine. No personal data is transferred to or processed in the Ukraine. Individual engineers within the subcontractor may have access to personal data from databases hosted within the EEA and may be able to initiate processing of that data upon servers situated within the EEA. All such access will be protected by appropriate safeguards, namely the use of standard data protection clauses, a copy of which can be obtained from I-Next.
5.    Retaining and deleting personal data
5.1    This Section 5 sets out our data retention policies and procedure, which are designed to help ensure that we comply with our legal obligations in relation to the retention and deletion of personal data.
5.2    Personal data that we process for any purpose or purposes shall not be kept for longer than is necessary for that purpose or those purposes.
5.3    We will retain your personal data as follows:
(a)    Service and usage data will be retained for a minimum period of 3 months, and for a maximum period of 12 months .
(b)    Account, profile and publication data will be retained as defined in the Platform Hosting Agreement.
5.4    In some cases it is not possible for us to specify in advance the periods for which your personal data will be retained. In such cases, we will determine the period of retention based on the following criteria:
(a)    the period of retention of enquiry and correspondence data will be determined based on our email retention policy.
(b)    the period of retention of notification and list subscription data will vary according your requests and settings. Any ‘opt-out’ information is stored indefinitely against the associated email address. No other personal information is retained upon ‘opt-out’ .
5.5    Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Section 5, we may retain your personal data where such retention is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.
6.    Security of personal data
6.1    We will take appropriate technical and organisational precautions to secure your personal data and to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal data.
6.2    We will store all your personal data on secure servers, personal computers and mobile devices, and in secure manual record-keeping systems.
6.3    Data relating to your enquiries and support transactions that is sent from your web browser to our web server, or from our web server to your web browser, will be protected using encryption technology.
6.4    You acknowledge that the transmission of unencrypted (or inadequately encrypted) data over the internet is inherently insecure, and we cannot guarantee the security of data sent over the internet.
6.5    You should ensure that your password is not susceptible to being guessed, whether by a person or a computer program. You are responsible for keeping the password you use for accessing our website confidential and we will not ask you for your password (except when you log in to our website).
7.    Amendments
7.1    We may update this policy from time to time by publishing a new version on our website.
7.2    You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are happy with any changes to this policy.
8.    Your rights
8.1    In this Section 8, we have summarised the rights that you have under data protection law. Some of the rights are complex, and not all of the details have been included in our summaries. Accordingly, you should read the relevant laws and guidance from the regulatory authorities for a full explanation of these rights.
8.2    Your principal rights under data protection law are:
(a) the right to access;
(b) the right to rectification;
(c) the right to erasure;
(d) the right to restrict processing;
(e) the right to object to processing;
(f) the right to data portability;
(g) the right to complain to a supervisory authority; and
(h) the right to withdraw consent.
8.3    You have the right to confirmation as to whether or not we process your personal data and, where we do, access to the personal data, together with certain additional information. That additional information includes details of the purposes of the processing, the categories of personal data concerned and the recipients of the personal data. Providing the rights and freedoms of others are not affected, we will supply to you a copy of your personal data. The first copy will be provided free of charge, but additional copies may be subject to a reasonable fee.
8.4    You have the right to have any inaccurate personal data about you rectified and, taking into account the purposes of the processing, to have any incomplete personal data about you completed.
8.5    In some circumstances you have the right to the erasure of your personal data without undue delay. Those circumstances include: the personal data are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed; you withdraw consent to consent-based processing; you object to the processing under certain rules of applicable data protection law; the processing is for direct marketing purposes; and the personal data have been unlawfully processed. However, there are exclusions of the right to erasure. The general exclusions include where processing is necessary: for exercising the right of freedom of expression and information; for compliance with a legal obligation; or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
8.6    In some circumstances you have the right to restrict the processing of your personal data. Those circumstances are: you contest the accuracy of the personal data; processing is unlawful but you oppose erasure; we no longer need the personal data for the purposes of our processing, but you require personal data for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims; and you have objected to processing, pending the verification of that objection. Where processing has been restricted on this basis, we may continue to store your personal data. However, we will only otherwise process it: with your consent; for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims; for the protection of the rights of another natural or legal person; or for reasons of important public interest.
8.7    You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data on grounds relating to your particular situation, but only to the extent that the legal basis for the processing is that the processing is necessary for: the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of any official authority vested in us; or the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by us or by a third party. If you make such an objection, we will cease to process the personal information unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override your interests, rights and freedoms, or the processing is for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
8.8    You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data for direct marketing purposes (including profiling for direct marketing purposes). If you make such an objection, we will cease to process your personal data for this purpose.
8.9    You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data for scientific or historical research purposes or statistical purposes on grounds relating to your particular situation, unless the processing is necessary for the performance of a task carried out for reasons of public interest.
8.10    To the extent that the legal basis for our processing of your personal data is:
(a) consent; or
(b) that the processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are party or in order to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract,
and such processing is carried out by automated means, you have the right to receive your personal data from us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. However, this right does not apply where it would adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others.
8.11    If you consider that our processing of your personal information infringes data protection laws, you have a legal right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority responsible for data protection. You may do so in the EU member state of your habitual residence, your place of work or the place of the alleged infringement.
8.12    To the extent that the legal basis for our processing of your personal information is consent, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time. Withdrawal will not affect the lawfulness of processing before the withdrawal.
8.13    You may exercise any of your rights in relation to your personal data by written notice to us, in addition to the other methods specified in this Section 8.
9.    Third party websites
9.1    Our website includes hyperlinks to, and details of, third party websites.
9.2    We have no control over, and are not responsible for, the privacy policies and practices of third parties.
10.    Personal data of children
10.1    Our website and services are targeted at persons over the age of 18.
10.2    If we have reason to believe that we hold personal data of a person under that age in our databases, we will delete that personal data.
11.    Updating information
11.1    Please let us know if the personal information that we hold about you needs to be corrected or updated.
12.    Acting as a data processor
12.1    In respect of data collected on client websites, we do not act as a data controller; instead, we act as a data processor.
12.2    Insofar as we act as a data processor rather than a data controller, this policy shall not apply. Our legal obligations as a data processor are instead set out in the contract between us and the relevant data controller.
13.    About cookies
13.1    A cookie is a file containing an identifier (a string of letters and numbers) that is sent by a web server to a web browser and is stored by the browser. The identifier is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server.
13.2    Cookies may be either "persistent" cookies or "session" cookies: a persistent cookie will be stored by a web browser and will remain valid until its set expiry date, unless deleted by the user before the expiry date; a session cookie, on the other hand, will expire at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed.
13.3    Cookies do not typically contain any information that personally identifies a user, but personal information that we store about you may be linked to the information stored in and obtained from cookies.
14.    Cookies that we use
14.1    We use cookies for the following purposes:
(a)    authentication - we use cookies to identify you when you visit our website and as you navigate our website (cookies used for this purpose are: Apache);
(b)    status - we use cookies to help us to determine if you are logged into our website, to store information about your preferences and to personalise our website for you (cookies used for this purpose begin: SSESS);
(c)    analysis - we use cookies to help us to analyse the use and performance of our website and services (cookies used for this purpose are: Apache); and
(d)    cookie consent - we use cookies to store your preferences in relation to the use of cookies more generally (cookies used for this purpose are: cookie-agreed).
15.    Cookies used by our service providers
15.1    Our service providers may use cookies and those cookies may be stored on your computer when you visit our website. You can block ALL cookies from our service providers by enabling the 'Block 3rd. Party Cookies' setting in your browser. Correct use of our site is unaffected by blocking our service provider cookies.
15.2    We use Google Analytics to analyse the use of our website. Google Analytics gathers information about website use by means of cookies. The information gathered relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of our website. Google's privacy policy is available at: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/. The relevant cookies are: _gid, _ga, _gat.
15.3    We use the Google reCAPTHCA service on our enquiry form to prevent automated submissions. Links to the privacy and terms of use for this are shown wherever it is used .
15.4    We use Pingdom to understand how the website is performing. In certain configurations this service may use cookies for specific, anonymised performance information. You can view the privacy policy of this service provider at https://www.pingdom.com/legal/cookie-policy.
15.5    We use WeChat to enable instant access to our sales and support teams. You can view the privacy policy of this service provider at https://www.wechat.com/en/privacy_policy.html.
15.6    We use Hotjar in order to better understand our users’ needs and to optimize this service and experience. Hotjar is a technology service that helps us better understand our users experience (e.g. how much time they spend on which pages, which links they choose to click, what users do and don’t like, etc.) and this enables us to build and maintain our service with user feedback. Hotjar uses cookies and other technologies to collect data on our users’ behavior and their devices (in particular device's IP address (captured and stored only in anonymized form), device screen size, device type (unique device identifiers), browser information, geographic location (country only), preferred language used to display our website). Hotjar stores this information in a pseudonymized user profile. Neither Hotjar nor we will ever use this information to identify individual users or to match it with further data on an individual user. For further details, please see Hotjar’s privacy policy by clicking on this link.
You can opt-out to the creation of a user profile, Hotjar’s storing of data about your usage of our site and Hotjar’s use of tracking cookies on other websites by following this opt-out link.
15.7 We sometimes use Matomo to analyse the use of our website. Matomo's Privacy policy is here.
16.    Managing cookies
16.1    Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies and to delete cookies. The methods for doing so vary from browser to browser, and from version to version. You can however obtain up-to-date information about blocking and deleting cookies via these links:
(a)    https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en (Chrome);
(b)    https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enable-and-disable-cookies-website-preferences (Firefox);
(c)    http://www.opera.com/help/tutorials/security/cookies/ (Opera);
(d)    https://support.microsoft.com/en-gb/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookies (Internet Explorer);
(e)    https://support.apple.com/kb/PH21411 (Safari); and
(f)    https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-10-microsoft-edge-and-privacy (Edge).
16.2    Blocking all cookies will have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites.
16.3    If you block cookies, you may not be able to use all the features on our website, but all public pages will display correctly.
17.    Our details
17.1    This website is owned and operated by I-Next Limited.
17.2    We are registered in England and Wales under registration number 03065542, and our registered office and principal place of business is at 11, Groves Lea, Mortimer, Reading, Berkshire, RG7 3SS.
17.3    You can contact us:
(a)    by post, using the postal address given above;
(b)    using our website contact form;
(c)    by telephone on 0118 931 3719;
(d)    as stated in your Platform Hosting Agreement if you have one
18.    Data protection registration
18.1    We are registered as a data controller with the UK Information Commissioner's Office.
18.2    Our data protection registration number is Z5081562.
Get Started
gbpWith developer and production platforms configurable to suit the smallest to even the most demanding client, we are sure that there will be a solution to meet your project budget
You can have your I-ntarsia 8.xx development platform deployed right away. Simply contact us and one of our team will be in touch as soon as possible.
Adding Drupal 8 To Your CMS Portfolio
Drupal 8 can be a valuable addition to your CMS portfolio. Find out how we make adding Drupal 8 capability simple for your agency with our 5 step process.
Drupal 8 Entrepreneurship
We are looking to help a small number of talented digital media graduates set off on a path to owning their own business through our Drupal 8 Entrepreneurship programme.
I-ntarsia Directions
If you just want to stay up to date the evolution of the I-ntarsia Managed Digital Service Platform, then why not subscribe to to our I-ntarsia DIrections announcement service.
Enquiry
Your name
Your email address
Message
Referral Code
Accept Terms and Conditions
By completing this enquiry form you give your consent to I-Next to store and process the data you have entered in accordance with the Site Terms and Conditions and the Privacy and Cookies Policy.
If you do not wish to give this consent then please contact us by post to the address given within the Site Terms and Conditions.
Leave this field blank
Corporate History
I-Next has been delivering web projects since 1995 and since 2003 the I-ntarsia platform has been providing a high performance, stable delivery platform for our customers to deliver their web projects on. We are uniquely placed to understand what is needed to deliver a successful web project, and we have the wealth of experience in managing the challenges created by the terrific pace of change in the industry.
power-off Powered by I-ntarsia V8.18 | © 2020 I-Next Ltd. | Site Terms and Conditions | Privacy and Cookies Policy | Privacy Settings