http://www.standalone.com/legal
Stand Alone, Inc.
Home
iPhone
Mac
Palm
Support
Our Software
Beacon for iPhone
Crosswords Classic for iPhone/iPad
Crosswords for iPhone/iPad
Manual Override
Satchel for iPhone
Words Play for iPhone/iPad
Crosswords for Android
Argo
Crosswords for Mac
Simplify
Crosswords for webOS
Crosswords Daily for Windows 8/RT
Palm OS AppsPocket PC AppsSmartPhone AppsNewton OS Apps
Stand Alone, Inc. Copyright & Legal Information
Website contents are copyright© 1997, 2020 Stand Alone, Inc., all rights reserved.
HotSync is a registered trademark, and Palm OS® is a trademark, of Palm, Inc.
Pocket PC and ActiveSync are registered trademarks of Microsoft Corporation.
Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc.
Third-party product and brand names may be trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective owners.
Privacy Policy
Stand Alone, Inc. does not share any customer information with any third parties organizations or companies.
All of your personal information is only used for technical support and billing questions. Technical & billing support emails are resolved through Tender Support.
Your email address will not be used for any purpose other than contacting you with your registration code, replying to your support questions, to send you our newsletter (if you have opted-in)
or to contact you with significant upgrade information concerning the product that you have purchased (if you have opted-in for this information.)
If you no longer want to receive update information or our newsletters, please click here.
We use cookies in our site for ordering purposes, for technical support purposes and for specific site enhancements.
Have additional privacy questions? Please contact us at info@standalone.com.
Copyright© 1997, 2017 Stand Alone, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
HotSync is a registered trademark, and Palm OS® is a trademark, of Palm, Inc. Pocket PC and ActiveSync are registered trademarks of Microsoft Corporation.
Apple®, iPad™, iPhone™, and the iPod touch™ are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries.
Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc.
Backpack® is a registered trademark of 37signals, LLC.
Across Lite is a trademark of Literate Software, LLC.
Third-party product and brand names may be trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective owners.
Contact: Sales & Support | Privacy Policy | RSS | Support