http://www.metavr.com/howtobuy/eval-policy.html
Skip to main content
Software Product Evaluation Policy
SOFTWARE PRODUCT EVALUATION POLICY
Evaluating VRSG
In many cases, MetaVR provides our software products for customer evaluation. Upon request, we will work with customers to determine their needs, explain the usage of our software, and match software features with the evaluation objections. Our evaluation policy is as follows:
We offer a two week evaluation period.
Customer agrees to complete our request for quotation form and sign our software end user license agreement.
Customer supplies set of criteria for MetaVR system to meet and if met, customer agrees to purchase the software being evaluated.
The cost of shipping evaluation software to a customer is paid by MetaVR. The customer assumes any return shipment charges by supplying a Federal Express account number.
The customer will have access to technical support during the evaluation period at no charge.
The customer has the option to extend the evaluation period and supply MetaVR with technical feedback such that the customer requirements are met.
With the evaluation, you will receive a distribution media kit and a Logitech gamepad controller.
MetaVR may add functionality to its core product to meet specific evaluation customer needs. MetaVR extends this service at its sole and absolute discretion, however, MetaVR has responded to requests of many of its customers. Adding customer-requested features to our products at no additional cost is a relatively unique offering in any segment of the software industry and a major part of MetaVR's business strategy. There is no charge for any and all enhancements. All right, title and interest, including copyright, in any features or enhancements that MetaVR develops free of charge at the request of a customer are owned by MetaVR.
MetaVR’s intent for adding customer-requested features to our products at no additional cost is that we consider our customers to be the best source of domain and subject matter expertise. Customers who initiate such requests often give extensive requirement input into the feature development, thus providing a service of great value to our product enhancements. Often, a customer-requested feature is benefit to a significant portion of our existing customer base or perceived prospective customers. We believe it is vital for the development of our products to obtain feature requirements directly from customers. MetaVR has many success stories related to this progressive approach to commercial product development; we can provide a number of references upon request.
All customer-requested features added to our products remain the sole property of MetaVR.
REQUEST AN EVALUATION
All policies on this page are subject to change without notice.
MetaVR Navigation
Home
Products
VRSG
Overview
What's New
Features
User Interface
Using a 6DOF Controller with VRSG
Using a Gamepad or Joystick with VRSG
Scenario Editor
System Requirements
Terrain Tools
Overview
What's New
System Requirements
3D Models
3D Models Overview
3D Model Libraries
Featured Models
Model Search
New & Updated Models
3D Terrain
Regions
Airfields
Ranges
Urban Environments
Ordering New Terrain Area of Interest
Technology
Building Virtual Worlds
Metadesic Round-Earth Terrain Architecture
Terrain Threshold Requirements
Modeling Urban Structures
Using City Engine To Create Urban Environments
UAV Imagery Collection For Building 3D Terrain
Creating Runways
FBX Utility
Open Flight Utility
3D Terrain Workflow
Rendering Technologies
3D Oceans
Damage States
Characters
Environment and Weather
VR and Tracker Support
Effects
Sound Support
Interoperability With SAF
Aerial Refueling
Lights and Lighting
Multichannel
Stereoscopic 3D Vision
Physics-Based IR Simulation
Radar Simulation
UAS / RPA Simulation
First Person Simulator
ROVER Simulated Views
Deformation of Terrain for Craters
Digitally Aided Close Air Support
Night Visual Effects
Resources
CASE STUDIES
UAV/RPA
JTAC
Fixed Wing
Rotary Wing
Ground
Commercial
Simulator Hardware
Complete Solutions
Deployable Joint Fires Trainer
Fixed-Wing Part Task Mission Trainer
Graphics Cards
JTAC Desktop Simulator
Navigational Controllers
Storage Devices
VR Solutions
About MetaVR
Careers
Company Profile
Contact MetaVR
Fight Like a Girl
Honor Flight New England
Legal Counsel
Audited Financial Statements
Privacy Policy
Trademarks
Other Resources
Documentation and
Brochures
Event Summary
Media Ads
MetaVR In The News
Newsletter Archive
Press Releases
Video Playlist
Where To See MetaVR
How To Buy
Buying Overview
Price List
Product Pricing, Best Price, & Additional Materials
Shipping Policy
Return Policy & Procedures
Information
Software Maintenance & Technical Support
Software Upgrades
Software License Transfer
Software Dongles and Licensing
Customer Requested Features Policy
On-Site Support
Previous Versions
Evaluation Policy
Distribution Media Kit
Software End User License Agreement
Footer menu
Copyright © 2020, MetaVR. All Rights Reserved.  |  Sitemap  |  Privacy Policy