http://www.lynda.com/aboutus/otl-privacy.aspx
lynda.com Online Training Library®: Privacy
Skip navigation
Toggle Navigation
Lynda.com from LinkedIn
Library
All Subjects
Explore Lynda.com's library of categories, topics, software and learning paths.
Categories
3D + Animation
3D + Animation
Audio + Music
Audio + Music
Business
Business
CAD
CAD
Design
Design
Developer
Developer
Education + Elearning
Education + Elearning
IT
IT
Marketing
Marketing
Photography
Photography
Video
Video
Web
Web
3D + Animation Topics
Modeling
Rendering
Textures
Materials
Particles + Dynamics
Product Design
Character Animation
Game Design
Visual Effects
See All Topics
See All
3D + Animation Software
3ds Max
After Effects
Blender
CINEMA 4D
Maya
Photoshop
ZBrush
Unity
Mudbox
Animate (DEPRECATED)
See All Software
See All
3D + Animation Learning Paths
Become a 2D Digital Animator
Become a 3D Character Animator
Become an Asset Artist for Games
Become a 3D Visual Design Specialist
See All Learning Paths
See All
Audio + Music Topics
DAWs
Mixing
Music Production
Recording Techniques
Audio Foundations
Live Performance
Mastering
Studio Setup
Music Business
Music Lessons
See All Topics
See All
Audio + Music Software
Ableton Live
Audition
GarageBand
Logic Pro
Pro Tools
Reason
Sibelius
Audacity
FL Studio
Cubase
See All Software
See All
Audio + Music Learning Paths
Become a Mix Engineer
Become a Music Business Entrepreneur
Become a Music Producer
Become a Recording Engineer
See All Learning Paths
See All
Business Topics
Online Marketing
Presentations
Productivity
Project Management
Business Skills
Data Analysis
Social Media Marketing
Leadership
Management
Communication
See All Topics
See All
Business Software
FileMaker
Access
Excel
Outlook
PowerPoint
SharePoint
Microsoft Word
Google Analytics
Google Ads
QuickBooks
See All Software
See All
Business Learning Paths
Become a Bookkeeper
Become a Craft Business Owner
Become a Project Coordinator
Become a Project Manager
See All Learning Paths
See All
Business Guides
Starting a Business
Becoming a Manager
CAD Topics
Architecture
Modeling
Rendering
Prototyping
BIM
Product Design
Interior Design
Structural
3D Printing
CNC + CAM
See All Topics
See All
CAD Software
AutoCAD
Rhino
Revit Architecture
SketchUp
MODO
SOLIDWORKS
V-Ray
Inventor
AutoCAD Civil 3D
Alias
See All Software
See All
CAD Learning Paths
Become a Certified CAD Designer with SOLIDWORKS
Become a Civil Engineering CAD Technician
Become an Architecture CAD Technician
Become an Industrial Design CAD Technician
See All Learning Paths
See All
Design Topics
Color
Illustration
Page Layout
Print Production
Typography
User Experience
Digital Painting
Logo Design
Web Design
Drawing
See All Topics
See All
Design Software
Dreamweaver
Illustrator
InDesign
Painter
Photoshop
QuarkXPress
SketchBook Pro
Muse
Sketch
Adobe Animate
See All Software
See All
Design Learning Paths
Publish an eBook
Become a Design Business Owner
Become a Digital Illustrator
Become a Digital Painter
See All Learning Paths
See All
Developer Topics
Mobile Apps
Design Patterns
Desktop Apps
Games
Programming Foundations
Servers
Databases
Game Design
Mobile Web
Programming Languages
See All Topics
See All
Developer Software
MySQL
PHP
Ruby
iOS
Python
Android
Java
C
Git
Swift
See All Software
See All
Developer Learning Paths
Become a C++ Developer
Become a Java Programmer
Become a Programmer: Foundations
Become a Python Developer
See All Learning Paths
See All
Education + Elearning Topics
Elearning
Teacher Tools
Educational Technology
Higher Education
Instructional Design
K-12 Education
LMS
Student Tools
Teacher Professional Development
See All Topics
See All
Education + Elearning Software
Captivate
Excel
Moodle
Microsoft Office
PowerPoint
Blackboard
Evernote
iBooks Author
Prezi
Google Apps
See All Software
See All
Education + Elearning Learning Paths
Become an Instructional Designer
Become an Instructional Developer
Become an L&D Professional
See All Learning Paths
See All
IT Topics
Operating Systems
Cloud Computing
Big Data
Business Intelligence
Enterprise Content Management
GIS
IT Help Desk
Network Administration
Security
IT and Hardware
See All Topics
See All
IT Software
Excel
SharePoint
Windows
SQL Server
Linux
Tableau
Windows Server
GIS
PowerShell
VMware
See All Software
See All
IT Learning Paths
Become a Network Administrator
Become a Windows System Administrator (Server 2012 R2)
Become an IT Security Specialist
Become an IT Support Technician
See All Learning Paths
See All
Marketing Topics
Online Marketing
Email Marketing
Social Media Marketing
SEO
Analytics
Content Marketing
Enterprise Marketing
Mobile Marketing
PPC
Small Business Marketing
See All Topics
See All
Marketing Software
Google Analytics
Twitter
Facebook
YouTube
LinkedIn
Google Ads
Google+
See All Software
See All
Marketing Learning Paths
Become a Content Strategist
Become a Digital Marketing Specialist
Become an SEO Expert
Become a Content Strategist
See All Learning Paths
See All
Photography Topics
Cameras + Gear
Photography Foundations
Raw Processing
Color Correction
HDR
Masking + Compositing
Night + Low Light
Portraits
Retouching
Lighting
See All Topics
See All
Photography Software
Bridge
Flickr
iPhoto
Photoshop
Photoshop Elements
Lightroom
Nik Software
Instagram
Camera Raw
Photos for OS X
See All Software
See All
Photography Learning Paths
Become a Photo Retoucher
Become a Photographer
Become a Photojournalist
Become a Portrait Photographer
See All Learning Paths
See All
Video Topics
Video Editing
Motion Graphics
Video Pre-Production
Audio for Video
Color Correction
Filmmaking
Shooting Video
DSLR Video
Visual Effects
See All Topics
See All
Video Software
Avid
After Effects
Final Cut Pro
iMovie
Motion
Nuke
Premiere Pro
YouTube
Vimeo
Trapcode
SpeedGrade
See All Software
See All
Video Learning Paths
Become a Film Producer
Become a Motion Graphics Artist
Become a Multimedia Specialist
Become a Video Editor
See All Learning Paths
See All
Web Topics
CMS
Web Graphics
Interaction Design
User Experience
Responsive Design
Web Design
Web Foundations
Mobile Web
Projects
Web Development
See All Topics
See All
Web Software
Dreamweaver
Flash Professional
HTML
JavaScript
Joomla!
jQuery
WordPress
CSS
Bootstrap
Edge Animate
See All Software
See All
Web Learning Paths
Become a Front-End Web Developer
Become a Full-Stack Web Developer
Become a Web Designer
Become a Junior WordPress Developer
See All Learning Paths
See All
Web Guides
Starting a Career in UX Design
Search
Clear Search
Search
No suggestions found.
One suggestion found. Use up and down keys to navigate.
Multiple suggestions found. Use up and down keys to navigate.
Sign In
Sign Up
Start My Free Month
Reactivate
Solutions for:
Business
Higher Education
Government
&vert
Buy For My Team
Toggle search bar
Lynda.com Privacy Policy
Effective Date: May 1, 2018
If you reside in the United States, then the personal data provided to, or collected by, our Services is controlled by LinkedIn Corporation, 1000 West Maude Avenue, Sunnyvale, California 94085. If you reside outside the United States, then this personal data is controlled by LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company, Wilton Plaza, Wilton Place, Dublin 2, Ireland. If you have any concern about providing information to us or having such information used in any manner permitted in this Privacy Policy, you should not visit our websites, apps or otherwise use our Services.
This Privacy Policy describes the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide to us when you visit the Lynda.com websites or use our services located at www.lynda.com (the “Websites”), or a Lynda.com mobile or desktop application (an “App”) (collectively, the “Services”), and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting and disclosing such information. This Privacy Policy applies to information we collect: (i) through our Services, and (ii) in text and electronic messages between you and our Services.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to any other LinkedIn services or any information collected by us offline or via third-party sites that may be accessed through hyperlinks on our Services.
For users based in the European Union (“EU”), the European Economic Area (“EEA”) and Switzerland (the “Designated Countries”): We enable the transfer of personal data from LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company to LinkedIn Corporation under legally recognized mechanisms. Learn more.
By accessing or using our Services, you agree to this Privacy Policy.
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT ACCESS OR USE OUR SERVICES.
Please read the information below:
Information we collect about you
Where we store data
How we use your information
Disclosure of your information
Updating or correcting your personal data
Canceling your account or deleting your personal data
Choices regarding control of your personal data
Lawful Bases for Processing
Information related to data collected through the Lynda service
Data Security
Cookies and other technologies
Mobile Analytics
Direct Marketing
Changes to this Privacy Policy
How do you contact us with questions?
1. INFORMATION WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU
We collect several types of information about visitors and/or users of our Services. We may collect this information either directly when you provide it to us or automatically as you navigate through the Websites or App.
(a) We will collect and process your personal data when you register for a Service/create an account, subscribe to a newsletter, submit feedback, enter a contest, fill out a survey, or send us a communication. When ordering products or services on the Websites or App, you may also be asked to provide a credit card number and other payment-related information. Depending upon the activity, some of the information we ask you to provide is required to use the Services (e.g. registering an account) and some is voluntary. If you do not provide data when needed for a particular activity, you will not be able to engage in that activity.
We also collect your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address. We use your IP address to diagnose problems with our servers and/or software, to administer our Services, and to gather demographic information.
(b) We may collect certain information that does not by itself identify a specific individual. Such information tells us about your equipment, browsing actions, and the resources that you access and use through the Services, such as your operating system and browser type. We use analytics and similar services, as explained in our Cookie Policy, to help us to deliver a better and more personalized service to users by enabling us to estimate usage patterns, customize our Services according to your individual preferences, and speed up your searches.
(c) When you download our App and use our Services, we automatically collect information on the type of device you use and the operating system version, so we know the best version of the application to provide you. We do not ask you for, access, or track any location-based information from your mobile device at any time while downloading or using our App or Services.
(d) When you contact us for customer support we may collect additional information to resolve your issue and may request you to bind your Lynda account with your LinkedIn account to improve your customer service experience. However, if you elect not to bind, you will still be able to receive customer service.
(e) We are not a site targeted at children or those under the age of 16. If you are a school and you use a Lynda service for children under the age of 16, or the equivalent minimum age in the relevant jurisdiction, you are responsible for obtaining consent from the parents/legal guardians of each child you wish to allow to participate in using any of our Services. A child using our Services will be able to participate in certain limited activities (such as taking online educational and informational courses).
2. WHERE WE STORE DATA
By submitting your personal data, you agree to the transfer, storing and processing of your data outside of the country where you reside. We will take reasonable steps to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
3. HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
We use information held about you in the following ways:
To present content from our Services in an effective manner for you and for your computer or mobile device
To provide you with information, products or services that you request from us or which we feel may interest you
To carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection
If you pay for Services using a credit card, we will transmit your credit card data to the appropriate credit card company and/or credit card payment processing company
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Services, when you choose to do so
To contact you about our Services
In any other way we may describe when you provide the information or when we prompt you regarding a new use of information about you.
4. DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
We will share your personal data with third parties only in the ways that are described in this Privacy Policy. We do not sell, trade, rent or disclose your information to others, except as provided herein:
(a) We provide and support some of our Services through contractual arrangements with service providers and other third parties. We and our service providers use your personal data to operate our Websites and to deliver Services. For example, we must release your credit card information to the card-issuing bank to confirm payment for products and services purchased on our Websites; and provide order information to third parties that help us deliver the Services.
(b) We will also disclose personal data in the following circumstances: (i) if it is required by law enforcement or judicial authorities, or to cooperate with a law enforcement investigation; (ii) if we have a good faith belief that we are required or permitted to do so by law or legal process; (iii) to protect our rights, reputation, property or the safety of us or others; (iv) to defend or enforce our rights or your obligations; (v) if the disclosure is required by mandatory professional standards; (vi) to a third party with your prior consent to do so; or (vii) if we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to enforce or apply any contracts or agreement that may exist between you and us including this Privacy Policy, our Website Use Policy and our Terms of Service. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
(c) In the event that LinkedIn decides to sell all or part of its stock or assets or enter into a merger, we reserve the right to include your data, including personal data, among the assets transferred to the acquiring or surviving company.
Note Lynda.com was acquired by LinkedIn in 2015 and as of June 1, 2016 has merged into LinkedIn Corporation and LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company. In December 2016, LinkedIn was acquired by Microsoft.
5. UPDATING OR CORRECTING YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We offer settings to control and manage the personal data we have about you, including the ability to:
Delete Data: You can ask us to erase or delete all or some of your personal data (e.g., if it is no longer necessary to provide Services to you).
Amend or Rectify Data: You can edit some of your personal data through your account. You can also ask us to amend your data in certain cases, particularly if it is inaccurate.
Object to, or Limit or Restrict, Use of Data: You can ask us to stop using all or some of your personal data (e.g., if we have no legal right to keep using it) or to limit our use of it (e.g., if your personal data is inaccurate or unlawfully held).
Right to Access and/or Take Your Data: You can ask us for a copy of your personal data and can ask for a copy of personal data you provided in machine readable form.
You can learn more about how to make these requests in Sections 6 and 7 of this Privacy Policy. You may also contact us using the contact information in Section 15, and we will consider your request in accordance with applicable laws.
You may change your personal data associated with your account on your “My Profile” tab.
You may also access, request deletion, and correct your personal data by submitting a data request through Customer Support or by writing to us at the addresses at the end of this Privacy Policy.
6. CANCELING YOUR ACCOUNT OR DELETING YOUR PERSONAL DATA
You may choose to let your subscription lapse, in which case we will retain your information for a reasonable period of time in case you choose to re-subscribe. Learn more.
You may choose to close your account in which case we will delete your information, including your learning history, within 60 days of your request. However, we may retain your personal data even after you have closed your account if reasonably necessary to comply with our legal obligations (including law enforcement requests), comply with contractual obligations (including an agreement between LinkedIn and your enterprise sponsor), meet regulatory requirements, resolve disputes, maintain security, prevent fraud and abuse, enforce our Terms of Service or Website Use Policy, or fulfill your request to “unsubscribe” from further messages from us. We will retain de-personalized information after your account has been closed. You can close your account on your “My Profile” tab.
If you would like to access the information that we have about your use of and access to Lynda.com Services, please request it through your “My Profile” tab or by writing to us at the addresses at the end of this Privacy Policy. You can also ask us to stop using all or some of your personal data (e.g., if we have no legal right to keep using it) or to limit our use of it (e.g., your personal data is inaccurate or unlawfully held) by submitting a data request through Customer Support or by writing to us at the addresses at the end of this Privacy Policy.
7. CHOICES REGARDING CONTROL OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
You can access some of the information that we collect about you. For example, by logging into your account, you can access information regarding recent orders from the Websites; certain personal data we maintain about you; your communication preferences; and your payment settings.
You can ask us for a copy of your personal data in machine readable format on your “My Profile” tab. If you have questions on this process, please contact Customer Support. You may also contact us by submitting a data request by writing to us at the addresses at the end of this Privacy Policy, and we will consider your request in accordance with applicable laws.
With respect to your communications preferences, you can unsubscribe from newsletters by following the instructions included in the newsletter you receive, or you can log into your account and update your newsletter and email subscription options. If your email address has changed and you would like to continue to receive newsletters, you will need to access your account, update your email address information in your account, and sign-up again for the newsletter. Occasionally we may send out emails concerning website disruptions.
You also have choices with respect to cookies, as described in our Cookie Policy. By modifying your browser preferences, you may be able to choose to accept all cookies, to be notified when a cookie is set, or to reject all cookies. If you choose to reject all cookies some parts of our Websites may not work properly in your case.
8. LAWFUL BASES FOR PROCESSING
We will only collect and process personal data about you where we have lawful bases. Lawful bases include consent (where you have given consent), contract (where processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you (e.g., to deliver the Services you have requested) and “legitimate interests.” Learn more.
Where we rely on your consent to process personal data, you have the right to withdraw or decline your consent at any time and where we rely on legitimate interests, you have the right to object. If you reside in the Designated Countries and have any questions about the lawful basis upon which we collect and use your personal data, please contact our Data Protection Officer at EU-dpo@linkedin.com.
9. INFORMATION RELATED TO DATA COLLECTED THROUGH THE LYNDA SERVICE
For certain services, we collect information under the direction of our clients (e.g., an entity that subscribes to the Services for use by the entity’s personnel). In this respect, we act as a data processor under applicable laws. We will retain and use this personal data as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and fulfill our obligations under those agreements with the data controllers. In these cases, the data controller will have its own privacy policy that applies to your data, including personal data. We encourage you to read their privacy policies to learn more about their data practices.
10. DATA SECURITY
Access by you to your account is available through a password and/or unique username selected by you. This password is encrypted. We recommend that you do not divulge your password to anyone, that you change your password often using a combination of letters and numbers, and that you ensure you use a secure web browser. We cannot be held accountable for activity that results from your own neglect to safeguard the secrecy of your password and username. If you share a computer with anyone, you should always log out of your account after you are finished in order to prevent access to your information from subsequent users of that computer.
Please notify Customer Support as soon as possible if your username or password is compromised.
Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal data, you acknowledge that: (a) there are security and privacy limitations of the Internet which are beyond our control; (b) the security, integrity and privacy of any and all information and data exchanged between you and us through this Website cannot be guaranteed and we shall have no liability to you or any third party for loss, misuse, disclosure or alteration of such information; and (c) any such information and data may be viewed or tampered with in transit by a third party.
In the unlikely event that we believe that the security of your personal data in our control may have been compromised, we will try to notify you. To the extent you have provided us with your email address, we may notify you by email and you agree to our use of email as a means of such notification. If you prefer for us to use another method to notify you in this situation, please contact Customer Support with the alternative contact information you wish to be used.
11. COOKIES AND OTHER TECHNOLOGIES
When you use our Websites we may use cookies and other technologies in order to facilitate and customize your use of our Services. Learn more about your choices regarding the use of these technologies and about our response to “do not track” signals in our Cookie Policy.
12. MOBILE ANALYTICS
We use mobile analytics software to allow us to better understand the functionality of our mobile software on your phone. This software may record information such as how often you use the App, the events that occur within the App, aggregated usage, performance data, and where the App was downloaded from. We do not link the information we store within the analytics software to any personal data you submit within the App.
13. DIRECT MARKETING
We currently do not share personal data with third parties for their direct marketing purposes without your permission.
14. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
It is our policy to post any changes we make to our Privacy Policy on this page (with a notice that the Privacy Policy has been updated on the Websites). The date the Privacy Policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page. You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable email address for you, and for periodically visiting our Websites and this Privacy Policy to check for any changes.
Your continued use of the Services after such modifications will constitute your agreement to the updated terms of the modified Privacy Policy.
15. HOW DO YOU CONTACT US WITH QUESTIONS?
If you have questions or complaints regarding this Privacy Policy, please first contact Customer Support online. You can also reach us by physical mail at the addresses below.
If you are in the United States:
LinkedIn CorporationAttn: Legal Dept. (Privacy Policy and User Agreement)1000 W. Maude AvenueSunnyvale, CA 94085USA
If you are outside the United States:
LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited CompanyAttn: Legal Dept. (Privacy Policy and User Agreement)Wilton PlazaWilton Place, Dublin 2Ireland
If contacting us does not resolve your complaint you have more options. Residents in Designated Countries may also have the right to contact our Data Protection Officer at EU-dpo@linkedin.com.
Residents in Designated Countries may have additional rights under their laws. Learn more.For California residents, additional disclosures required by California law may be found in our California Consumer Privacy Act Disclosure.
Learn about lynda.comTake a guided tourWatch member testimonials
Multi-user solutions
Save on groups of 5 or more with custom solutions for schools and businesses.
Skip navigation
About Us
About Us
Careers
Press Center
Become an Instructor
Products
Our Plans
Free Trial
Academic Solutions
Business Solutions
Government Solutions
Support
Support
Contact Us
System Requirements
Register Activation Key
Site Feedback
Accessibility
Connect
RSS feed
Follow us on Twitter
Follow us on LinkedIn
Follow us on Facebook
Follow us on Google+
© 2020 LinkedIn Corporation
Site Map
Privacy Policy
Website Use Policy
Cookie Policy
Go to top of page
Thanks for signing up.
We’ll send you a confirmation email shortly.
Sign up and receive emails about lynda.com and our online training library:
new course releases
newsletter
general communications
special notices
Here’s our privacy policy with more details about how we handle your information.
Keep up with news, tips, and latest courses with emails from lynda.com.
Sign up and receive emails about lynda.com and our online training library:
new course releases
newsletter
general communications
special notices
Here’s our privacy policy with more details about how we handle your information.
submit
Lightbox submit clicked
Terms and conditions of use
We've updated our terms and conditions (now called terms of service).Go Review and accept our updated terms of service.
You are now leaving Lynda.com and will be automatically redirected to LinkedIn Learning to access your learning content.
Lynda.com is now LinkedIn Learning!
To access Lynda.com courses again, please join LinkedIn Learning
All the same Lynda.com content you know and love
Plus, personalized course recommendations tailored just for you
All the same access to your Lynda learning history and certifications
Try LinkedIn Learning for free
Questions? Visit our help center.