http://www.wavesys.com/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Home
Privacy Policy
The Information We Collect and How We Use It
Privacy of Information
In order to provide you the service we think you deserve, we may need to ask you to provide certain contact information by which we will be able to identify and/or contact you regarding our services and/or products. Wave highly respects your privacy and takes special measures to insure that any personal information collected by us is used solely in accordance with our privacy policy. Wave will never sell or give your information to third parties. We will not sell, rent, trade, or otherwise share your personal information with third parties for their promotional use.
Anyone may access most parts of our site without providing any information to us. Some portions of the site do require that you provide us with personally identifiable information in order for us to provide you with further information or services that you request. All such information will be considered private information.
If you contact us for activation of your software, we will collect the activation code that has been previously provided to you and will then automatically collect certain basic information about your computer system, but which cannot be used to identify the make or model of your computer or its components. Personal information concerning you is not collected in the activation process. We use the activation information to verify that your product is used within the scope allowed by Wave Systems's End-User License Agreement.
If you decide to register your software, we will collect your name, mailing address, and e-mail address. This information is used to send you product updates and special offers.
If you contact us for support, we may collect personally identifiable information concerning you, such as name, telephone number, mailing address, and e-mail address, and certain information about your computer system, such as model, operating system, and the problem you are having. We will use that information to provide support and to contact you for further information and/or to report our progress in finding a solution.
If you give you us feedback on information posted on our site, we will use that information to evaluate and improve the site.
If you contact us seeking further information on our products or services, we will use your contact information to provide you the requested information, either directly or via our partners or resellers.
If you submit a resume to us in connection with employment opportunities with us displayed on our site, we will use the information on your resume internally to evaluate your suitability for the employment opportunity. We may also use your contact information to request further information or to arrange a job interview.
Your personally identifiable information will not be shared with third parties without your permission, except (a) where you contact us for support and your information is needed by our contractors to assist you with such support, (b) where you make any inquiry concerning our products or services, or (c) where such information is required by a subpoena or court order from a governmental entity to assist in an investigation.
We use Mollom textual analysis on all public webform submissions to reduce spam and insure that your valid submissions get the attention they deserve. As such, you should be aware of the separate Mollom privacy policy at mollom.com.
No Spyware
As suppliers of downloads we naturally acknowledge the negative impact spyware has had on the internet due to the simple fact that after being infected with spyware, people are less likely to download and try new software. We proudly say: Our website and downloads are absolutely free of spyware.
Cookies
Upon your first visit to our website, a cookie is sent to your computer that uniquely identifies your browser. A "cookie" is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. Cookies cause no harm to your computer or to your web browsing experience; on the contrary, we use cookies to improve the quality of our service and to better understand how people interact with us.
Although most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies, you can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent, and you can also easily remove any cookie sent to you from our website.
Not Children-Oriented Site
This site is NOT intentionally directed to children. We do not encourage children to use this site.
Links
Our site provides links to other sites to our partners, resellers, and others that offer information, products, and services we believe may be of interest to you. If you choose to obtain information or purchase a product or service through a linked third party, any information you provide to that third party will be subject to its privacy policies, which may be substantially different from our policies. Such third parties may provide us information in the aggregate concerning visits to their sites.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse, and unauthorized alteration of the information under our control.
Opting Out/Contact Information
If we are sending you information that you do not choose to receive in the future, or if you have any questions about our privacy policy, you can contact us at 1-800-WAVENET, e-mail us at webmaster@wave.com, or write us at WebMaster, Wave Systems Corp., 480 Pleasant Street, Lee, MA 01238.