https://www.intergral.com/privacy-statement#cookies
USA: (978) 496-9990
linkedintwitterfacebook
About Us
Reviews
Careers
Management Team
Contact Us
FusionReactor
nerd.vision
Buy Adobe Software
Select PageAbout Us
Reviews
Careers
Management Team
Contact Us
Products    FusionReactor
nerd.vision
Buy Adobe Software
HomePrivacy Statement
Privacy Policy
Intergral GmbH Privacy Policy
When you share information with us, for example by creating an Account, we can make those services even better by providing you with more relevant information such as access to your licenses or application metric data. As you use our services, we want you to be clear on how we are using information and the ways in which we protect your privacy.
This privacy policy sets out how Intergral Information Solutions GmbH and its subsidiaries uses, shares and protects any information that you give us when you use our products and services.
Our Privacy Policy explains:
What information we collect and why we collect it
How we use that information
The choices we offer, including how to access and update information
Intergral is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified, it will only be used in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you have any questions please do not hesitate to contact us using the information in the “Our Details” section.
Intergral may change this policy by updating this page. You should check our Privacy Policy from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 25th May 2018.
Our Details
For further information about our Privacy Policy or our processing of data about you, please contact us by any of the following methods:
Company:
Intergral Information Solutions GmbH
Company Registration:
Stuttgart HRB4591
Address:
Schickardstr. 32
71034 Boeblingen
Germany
Telephone:
+49 7031 221461
Email:
DPO Details
The DPO contact details can be found here: https://www.intergral.com/GDPR/
Definitions
Personal Data: Personal Data means data about a living individual who can be identified from those data (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession).
Usage Data: Usage Data is data collected automatically either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
Data Controller: Data Controller means a natural or legal person who (either alone or jointly or in common with other persons) determines the purposes for which and the manner in which any personal data are, or are to be, processed. For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, we are a Data Controller of your data.
Data Processors (or Service Providers): Data Processor (or Service Provider) means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Data Controller. We may use the services of various Service Providers in order to process your data more effectively.
User: The User is the individual using our Service. The User corresponds to the Data Subject, who is the subject of Personal Data.
Children’s Data
Protecting the privacy of children is especially important. For that reason, Intergral GmbH does not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 18.
Information We Collect
The following section describes the information that we collect and how we collect it. There are multiple ways in which we collect information, which can be broadly categorized into:
Information You Provide to Us
Automatic Information Collection
Information We Receive From Third Parties
Information You Provide to Us
We collect the information that you directly provide to us, such as when you enter it on a web page, or include it in an email that you send to us.
This type of collection often occurs through our business support processes, such as:
Registration or Account Creation Processes, where we ask you to provide information such as: Contact info (e.g. name, email or mailing address, or phone number); Account Administration Info (e.g. user name, password, or security questions); Billing Info (e.g. credit card or other payment number, billing address); and Profile Info (e.g. profile photo, language).
Purchase Processes, where we may ask you to provide your name, contact and billing info.
Technical and Customer Support Processes, where we may ask you to provide contact info and information related to the issue you are contacting us about.
In addition, we collect the information that you provide by entering it into certain Service features.
For example, when you place information into Services such as NerdVision or FusionReactor Cloud (which could contain personally identifying information) which we collect and then display for you inside the application. Also when you use other features such as blogs, surveys, user-generated content, activity streams, or social media, we may first collect the information you enter into the feature.
Please make sure that any personal details which you provide are accurate and current. We will send any important information relating to your account to you using the contact information you provide (including account security and data protection notices). Let us know if there are any changes. You can check and update the information you have provided to us any time by contacting us via the information in the “Our Details” section of this Privacy Policy. or by updating your information via your registered account. Always obtain consent first before giving us anyone else’s personal information.
Automatic Information Collection
We may also automatically or passively collect information about your use of our Services. While information collected in this manner is not typically personal information, we may combine it in ways that make it personally identifiable. When we do so, we will treat the combined information as personal information.
For example, data collected in this manner may include:
Web browsing, network or service usage data, such as browser type, internet service provider (ISP), IP address, referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data;
Network connected hardware (e.g. computer or mobile device) data, such as a unique device identifier, type, model, version, error related data, status, capability, configuration, functionality, performance data, and connection type;
Network connected software data, for example services requested and used, or content downloaded and viewed;
Physical or geographic location data, such as country, region, city, or latitude and longitude. For example, to provide location based services, we may collect latitude and longitude.
Advertising data, such as display frequency, duration, location, or viewing software, or identifier.
Licence activation information ( ip address, mac address, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream dataTechnologies used in our Services to passively collect such information may include:
Cookies. Small data files placed on a devices hard drive. For more information on the cookies we use please see “Cookies” section of this policy.
Web Beacons. Small graphic images or other web programming code called web beacons, (also known as “1×1 GIFs” or “clear GIFs”) may be included on our websites or in our email messages.
Embedded Scripts. Programming code that is temporarily downloaded onto a device, and is active only while you are connected to our website, and is deactivated or deleted thereafter.
In addition, our Services may use a variety of other hardware or software specific technologies that automatically collect information. (For example, NerdVision, FusionReactor Cloud, FusionReactor, FusionAnalytics and FusionDebug may include technology that automatically determines location data).
What We Do With The Information We Gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with and improve our products and services, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
In order to provide the expected service.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional emails about products, services, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you for example by email, phone, fax or mail.
Information We Receive From Third Parties
We may also supplement the information that we collect with information that we obtain from third parties.
If you link your Account (for example):
https://portal.fusion-reactor.com/
https://app.fusionreactor.io/
https://nerd.vision/
on social media, or other services, we may receive data from the providers of those services. Likewise, if other users give us access to their profiles, we may receive information about you if you are one of their connections or information about you is otherwise accessible through their profile. Alternatively, we may supplement the information we collect about you with outside records from third parties. We may combine the information we receive from these third parties with the information we directly collect, for example; our financial and anti-fraud service providers processing your account sign in and purchase transactions, in these cases we will handle it in accordance with this policy.
Service Providers
We use a select number of trusted external service providers for certain technical data analysis, processing and/or storage offerings. These service providers are carefully selected and meet high data protection and security standards. We only share information with them that is required for the services offered and we contractually bind them to keep any information we share with them as confidential and to process Personal Data only according to our instructions.
Storage
We keep the data that we collect about you for as long as necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. In general, we will retain information that is associated with your account or device until you close your account.
Even following account closure, please be aware that the data that we collect about you may still be retained for legal, accounting, business continuity (backup), anti-fraud and community reasons.
Security
The security of your data is important to us. We implement security safeguards designed to protect your data and regularly monitor our systems for possible vulnerabilities and attacks. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee that data may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards and therefore we cannot warrant the security of any information that you provide.
Cookies
Cookies help us to ensure the safety and smooth functionality of our websites (security cookies and session cookies) and help us to collect information about the products and services our online visitors are interested in, as well as the navigation they choose through our website, in order to make our online offers more attractive.
You can disable cookies or set your browser to alert you when cookies are being sent. However, if you do disable cookies, you may not be able to use all functions of our websites. Additionally you have the option to deactivate only tracking cookies.
For information on how to disable cookie tracking please see the below articles
Google Analytics: https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/181881?hl=en
Chrome: https://support.google.com/accounts/answer/61416?co=GENIE.Platform%3DDesktop&hl=en
Mozilla Firefox https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enable-and-disable-cookies-website-preferences
Edge: https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-10-microsoft-edge-and-privacy
Internet Explorer: https://support.microsoft.com/en-gb/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookies
Safari: https://support.apple.com/guide/safari/manage-cookies-and-website-data-sfri11471/mac
For more information about cookies please see here: https://www.youronlinechoices.eu/
Trial
When you sign up for a trial you agree to the appropriate product End User Licence Agreement (EULA) or terms and conditions of service.
You also are aware that when signing up we may send informative emails on tasks such as how to download and install our software and on how to use  our products and services during your trial period.
Please note that you cannot unsubscribe from these emails as they are necessary in order for us to provide you with a trial of our products or services.  Once the trial period has ended you will stop receiving these emails but will still receive emails for which you have subscribed.
During the trial period you will be able to unsubscribe from emails (such as our newsletter) that are not necessary for completion of the trial.
Information Use
We may process your personal data for the purposes of our legitimate interests or for the legitimate interests of third parties (e.g., your employer or company), provided that such processing shall not outweigh your rights and freedoms.
We use non-personally identifying information without restriction. We use Personal information in a number of ways.
First, we use personal information for the purpose for which it was collected. For example, personal information that you provide through any of our business support processes (including customer service) will be used to complete that process, and personal information entered by you through the features of our products and services will be used for the operation and delivery of those features.
Second, while we strive to minimize our use of personal information, or otherwise anonymize or aggregate it before use, we may use personal information to:
Send you marketing communications;
Conduct demographic or aggregate studies for marketing, sales, planning, and business and product development;
Provide requested products and services such as access to software or training i.e webinars;
Deliver contextual or targeted advertising relating to our services;
Understand and improve our Service operations and performance
Assist in customer service and transactions
Protect you, us, or others from threats (such as security threats or fraud)
Comply with laws that apply to us
Enable or administer our business, such as for quality control, consolidated reporting, and customer service
Manage corporate transactions, such as mergers or acquisitions
Understand and improve our business or customer relationships generally
In your order record, we store any email messages which we have sent to you. If you send us an email this email is also stored.  This information is used to constantly analyze and improve our customer service and for protection against fraud. In due time, this information may  be blocked,deleted or archived, as permitted by law.
Lawful Bases for Processing
We will only collect and process personal data about you where we have lawful bases. Lawful bases include consent (where you have given consent), contract (where processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you (e.g. to deliver the services you have requested)) and “legitimate interests”.
Legal and Corporate
We may share the combined data we collect:
To defend legal claims or exercise legal rights
With our service providers processing data on our behalf
With our professional advisors dealing with, for example, legal, tax, audit or accounting matters
During negotiations for and following conclusion of a sale of all or part of our business
Government Authorities
We may share your information with police and other government authorities if we believe that it is reasonably necessary to comply with a law, regulation, or legal process, to detect, protect and enforce the safety of any person, their property or their rights, to address fraud and security and report criminal activity.
International Transfers
Your information may be processed, stored and transferred outside your country of residence and beyond the European Economic Area (EEA) where we are located for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy, for example the United States. Data protection laws in these countries may not offer the same level of protection as in your country or the EEA and you may have fewer legal rights in relation to your information. We ensure there are adequate safeguards in place when transferring your data outside your country and the EEA, including by relying on Privacy Shield, Model Clauses or other lawful mechanisms or otherwise that the transfer only occurs where permitted by applicable law.
Your Choices and Rights
You have a right to be informed of Personal Data processed by Intergral, a right to rectification/correction, erasure and restriction of processing. You also have the right to receive from Intergral a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format of Personal Data you provided to us.
We can only identify you via your email address and we can only adhere to your request and provide information if we have Personal Data about you through you having made contact with us directly and/or you using our site and/or service. We cannot provide, rectify or delete any data that we store on behalf of our users or customers.
If you are a user of our services, you can access, correct, and modify some of the personal information that you have provided to us via our online portals or by contacting us directly.
You can choose whether to receive personalised marketing communications by following the instructions and/or the link “unsubscribe” attached to our marketing emails or when you initially sign up to our service.
You also have the right to request a copy or blocking of your personal information and to object to our processing of your personal information in certain situations. You can exercise these rights by contacting us via the information in the “Our Details” section of this Privacy Policy.
You can close your account by contacting us via the information in the “Our Details” section of this Privacy Policy  or you may do so by closing your Account for the Service through your online account management user interface.
To exercise any of the rights mentioned in this Privacy Policy and/or in the event of questions or comments relating to the use of Personal Data you may contact us as mentioned in the ‘Our Details’ section of this Privacy Policy.
Where you have provided consent, you may withdraw it at any time, without affecting the lawfulness of the processing that was carried out prior to withdrawing it.
Whenever you withdraw consent, you acknowledge and accept that this may have a negative influence on the quality of the Intergral sites and/or Services.
You further agree that Intergral shall not be held liable with respect to any loss and/or damage to your Personal Data if you choose to withdraw consent.
We will aim to process your request as soon as reasonably practicable and in any event, within 28 days. Please be aware that you cannot opt-out of receiving service messages from us, including security, legal notices, purchase information and information about an expiring / automatically renewing purchase.
Note that we will still send you important emails about your account even if you opt-out of marketing emails.
If you choose not to allow us to store and access cookies that are not strictly necessary for the provision of our websites, this will also limit when we can recognise your visits to our websites and target and personalise commercial purchase recommendations displayed on those websites. Please see the Intergral Cookie Policy in the “Cookies” section of this Privacy Policy, for more details on our use of cookies and how to control them when accessing our websites.
Complaints
If you have a concern about our handling of your personal information, please get in contact with us first so we can try to resolve your query using the details in the ‘Our Details’ section of this Privacy Policy.
If however you feel we have not dealt with your concern and that we are failing to meet our legal obligations, you can report this to your local data protection regulator or the “Die Bundesbeauftragte für den Datenschutz und die Informationsfreiheit” in Germany. More information on reporting a concern to the German Data Protection Regulator can be found at http://www.bfdi.bund.de/.
Contact USA: (978) 496-9990
Germany: +49 7031 221461
UK: +44 207 193 1212
Related SitesFusionReactor
nerd.vision
Buy ColdFusion
ColdFusion Consultancy
linkedingoogletwitterfacebook
Intergral GmbH © 2005- |
Privacy Statement
| Cookie Statement | GDPR Statement