http://www.axure.com/cookie-policy
Cookie Policy
This Cookie Policy explains how Axure uses cookies and why we use them. Like many other website owners and web product companies, Axure uses cookies when necessary to provide products and services, such as Axure Share, as well as to measure the performance of the website and marketing campaigns.
What are cookies?
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer or mobile device that enable features and functionality and allow website owners to improve and customize their products and websites. Cookies are widely used on websites and products to remember authentication and understand usage. Cookies set by the website owner are called “first party cookies”. Cookies set by parties other than the owner are called “third party cookies”.
To find out more about cookies, visit All About Cookies.
Why do we use cookies?
We use cookies for a variety of reasons from providing authentication to measuring the performance of our website and products. We classify cookies in the following categories:
Strictly Necessary Cookies
These cookies are essential to provide Axure products and services. For example, cookies are necessary to remember that you are logged in to Axure Share.
Analytics Cookies
These cookies collect information on how visitors interact with the website and products. They allow us to measure and improve the performance and customer experience of our website and products. (The information these cookies collect is anonymous.) For example, we use Google Analytics cookies to help us understand how visitors navigate the website and look for ways to improve the experience.
Functional Cookies
These cookies may be used to remember settings or preferences that you have selected in order to provide you the appropriate experience. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages.
Targeting Cookies
These cookies are typically set by advertising partners in order to show you more relevant advertising on their sites. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests.
How can you opt out of cookies?
Most browsers provide you the ability to stop accepting cookies as well as to manage and remove cookies that may already be stored. Some provide you more control so you can block cookies only from specific sites or clear all cookies when you close the browser. If you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use all of Axure’s products.
Through YourAdChoices, the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) provides you the ability to opt out of interest-based targeting by participating ad networks.
If you are browsing our website from the EU, we also provide an option to opt out of Analytics Cookies by clicking to decline them in the cookie consent banner.
Will there be changes to the cookie policy?
This Cookie Policy may be revised periodically, and this will be reflected by the date specified below. Please revisit this page to stay aware of any changes; the revised Cookie Policy is effective immediately when posted on the Website.
This Axure Cookie Policy was last modified on and effective as of December 13, 2018.
More resources
• Privacy Policy: https://www.axure.com/privacy
• Customer Agreement: https://www.axure.com/license
• Axure Subprocessors: https://www.axure.com/subprocessors
• GDPR Resources: http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/reform/index_en.htm
XThis website uses cookies to measure and improve the experience. Learn More DeclineAccept and ContinueSettingsPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Cookie Overview
We use cookies for a variety of reasons from providing authentication to measuring the performance of our website and products. We classify cookies in the following categories:
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
These cookies are essential to provide Axure products and services. For example, cookies are necessary to remember that you are logged in to Axure Cloud.
Analytics
analytics
These cookies collect information on how visitors interact with the website and products. They allow us to measure and improve the performance and customer experience of our website and products. (The information these cookies collect is anonymous.) For example, we use Google Analytics cookies to help us understand how visitors navigate the website and look for ways to improve the experience.
Save & Accept