https://www.affiliatesummit.com/attendee-admission-policy
40.7405° N, 73.9832° W
No content here, please.
Affiliate Summit Attendee Admission Policy
These are the terms (the “Agreement”) governing your attendance at and participation in any UK, APAC & US Affiliate Summit event (the “Event” or the “Affiliate Summit Events”). By registering for the Event you agree to these terms, which form a binding legal contract between Affiliate Summit, Corp. (“Affiliate Summit”) and the registered attendee or participant (“you”). If you are registering on behalf of another individual, it is your responsibility to ensure the person attending is aware of these terms and accepts them. By completing the registration on behalf of another individual you are warranting that you have made the attendee or participant aware of these terms and that they have accepted these terms.
1 Attendee Requirements
1.1 Admittance. Your registration entitles you to admittance to the Event for which you have registered. Any and all other costs associated with your attendance (including without limitation travel and accommodation expenses) shall be borne solely by you, and Affiliate Summit shall have no liability for such costs.
1.2 Use of Likeness. By attending the Event you acknowledge and agree to grant Affiliate Summit the right at the Event to record, film, photograph, or capture your likeness in any media now available or hereafter developed and to distribute, broadcast, use, or otherwise globally to disseminate, in perpetuity, such media without any further approval from you or any payment to you. This grant to Affiliate Summit includes, but is not limited to, the right to edit such media, the right to use the media alone or together with other information, and the right to allow others to use or disseminate the media.
1.3 Event Content. You acknowledge and agree that Affiliate Summit, in its sole discretion, reserves the right to change any and all aspects of the Event, including but not limited to, the Event name, themes, content, program, speakers, performers, hosts, moderators, venue, and time.
1.4 Age Requirements. No one under the age of 18, including children in strollers accompanying their parents, will be admitted.
1.5 Identification. All attendees may be requested to provide two forms of identification onsite: one government-issued photo ID and one document proving their affiliation with the company name appearing on their registration (pay stub, business card, etc.).
1.6 Attendee Badge Usage. Attendee badges must be worn at all times in Event areas.
1.7 Visa Requirements. It is the sole responsibility of the attendee to take care of any government visa requirements. Attendees who require an entry visa should allow sufficient time for the application procedure. Attendees should contact the nearest embassy or consulate to determine the appropriate timing of their visa applications. Affiliate Summit will not contact embassies and consulates on behalf of visa applicants or provide any other assistance relating to visa issues. Failure to obtain a visa in advance of an Event does not constitute a valid basis for obtaining a refund. Visa invitation requests are due no later than 10 business days prior to the show. Requests received after that will not be honored. In order for the Visa invitation to be processed, the name on the credit card used to register must match the name of the requestor.
2 Prohibited Conduct
2.1 Limitations on Use. By registering for a complimentary Affiliate Summit Events pass you agree not to sell, trade, transfer, or share your complimentary code or badge. By registering for a paid Affiliate Summit Event Pass, you agree not to share, sell or trade your badge. In the event that Affiliate Summit determines that you have violated this policy, Affiliate Summit may cancel your badge(s), retain any payments made by you, report you to law enforcement authorities, and ban you from future Affiliate Summit Events.
2.2 Disruptive Conduct. You acknowledge and agree that Affiliate Summit reserves the right to remove you from the Event if Affiliate Summit, in its sole discretion, determines that your presence or behavior create a disruption or hinder the Event or the enjoyment of the Event by other attendees. All Affiliate Summit badges are the property of Affiliate Summit and must be returned to Affiliate Summit upon request.
2.3 Badge Misuse. Attendees wearing badges from previous Affiliate Summit Events or falsified badges and/or sharing or swapping badges will be immediately ejected from the Event and banned from future Events. Affiliate Summit considers such conduct theft of service, trespassing, and fraud and will report violators to law enforcement authorities. If such conduct is discovered after an Event, violators will be invoiced according to onsite registration pricing and will be required to pay their invoice in full in order to avoid being reported to law enforcement authorities.
2.4 Suitcasing. “Suitcasing” refers to the practice of attending a trade show but “working the aisles” from a suitcase or briefcase, soliciting business from other attendees and exhibitors. For the good of the show and the exhibitors supporting the show, the only legitimate place to conduct business during show hours is within a contracted exhibit space on the show floor. Exhibiting companies are encouraged to protect their investment and report any violations to Affiliate Summit management. Attendees observed soliciting business in the aisles or other public spaces, or in another company’s booth, will be ejected from the Event and may be banned from future events in Affiliate Summit’s sole discretion.
2.5 Photography, Recording, Live Streaming, and Videotaping. Attendees may not record or broadcast audio or video of sessions at Affiliate Summit Events. Affiliate Summit allows cameras on the show floor. Attendees may take pictures within the show for purposes of company or annual reports, company media pieces, marketing materials, etc.
2.6 Unethical/Non-Compliant Marketing. Affiliate Summit reserves the right to deny admission to anyone who engages in or is reputed to engage in unethical or non-compliant marketing practices.
2.7 In addition to the requirements and prohibitions set forth in this Section 2, Affiliate Summit may also exclude any prospective attendee from registering for or attending any Event, in Affiliate Summit’s sole discretion. Furthermore, Affiliate Summit reserves the right to cancel, in its sole discretion, any attendee’s registration upon refund of the admission fees paid to Affiliate Summit; provided, however, that if an attendee is cancelled for violating any prohibition or requirement set forth in this Section 2, Affiliate Summit may retain all fees paid.
3 Fees
3.1 Payment. The payment of the applicable fees for the Event is due upon registration. If such payment is insufficient or declined for any reason Affiliate Summit may refuse to admit you to the Event and shall have no liability in that regard.
3.2 Taxes. The fees may be subject sales tax, value added tax, or other taxes and duties which, if applicable, will be charged to you in addition to the fees.
4 Cancellation, Substitution, and Lost Badge Policy
4.1  Cancellations made within 48 hours of receipt of the completed registration form will be eligible for a full refund. Cancellations received in writing more than one month prior to the start of the event will be refunded less a 50% cancellation fee. Cancellations received in writing within one month of the start date of the event will receive no refund and registrants will be liable for payment of 100% of the invoiced amount. A substitute attendee can be named at any time before the event starts and no fees will be applied to this.
4.2 Lost Badge Policy. If your badge is lost, a replacement will only be issued at the current onsite rate.
5 Registration Confirmation & Affiliate Summit Updates.
5.1 Once you have completed your registration, you will receive your registration confirmation by email. Please ensure that your valid email is entered correctly on the registration form. Be sure to check your junk email box to in case any of your Affiliate Summit email(s) are caught by spam filters.
5.2 You will receive essential information for registered attendees electronically at the email address and mailing address that provided on your registration form.
5.3 If you would like to opt-out of any of these benefits, please let us know.
6 Privacy Policy
6.1 Affiliate Summit owns and operates Affiliate Summit Events and is committed to protecting the privacy of its attendees. Affiliate Summit does not rent, share, or sell your contact information or other personal information to any third parties. Affiliate Summit’s privacy policy is available on our Privacy Policy page.
7 Intellectual Property
7.1 All intellectual property rights in and to the Event, the Event content, and all materials distributed at or in connection with the Event are owned by Affiliate Summit, its parent company Affiliate Summit, Inc. or the Event sponsors or speakers presenting at the Event. You may not use or reproduce or allow anyone to use or reproduce any trademarks (including without limitation “Affiliate Summit East”, “Affiliate Summit West”, “Affiliate Summit Europe”, “Affiliate Summit APAC”, “Affiliate Summit Conference” and “Affiliate Summit”) or other trade names appearing at the Event, in any Event content or in any materials distributed at or in connection with the Event for any reason without the prior written permission of Affiliate Summit, Inc.
7.2 For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to vest in you any legal or beneficial right in or to any trademarks or other intellectual property rights owned or used under license by Affiliate Summit, Inc. or any of its affiliates; nor does this Agreement grant to you any right or license to any other intellectual property rights of Affiliate Summit, Inc. or its affiliates, all of which shall at all times remain the exclusive property of Affiliate Summit, Inc. and its affiliates.
8 Disclaimer of Warranties, Limitation of Liability
8.1 Affiliate Summit gives no warranties in respect of any aspect of the Event or any materials related thereto or offered at the Event and, to the fullest extent possible under the laws governing this Agreement, disclaims all implied warranties, including but not limited to warranties of fitness for a particular purpose, accuracy, timeliness, and merchantability. The Event is provided on an “as-is” basis. Neither Affiliate Summit nor its affiliates accept any responsibility or liability for reliance by you or any person on any aspect of the Event or any information provided at the Event.
8.2 Except as required by law, neither Affiliate Summit nor its affiliates shall be liable for any direct, indirect, special, incidental, or consequential costs, damages or losses arising directly or indirectly from the Event or other aspect related thereto or in connection with this Agreement.
8.3 The maximum aggregate liability of Affiliate Summit for any claim in any way connected with, or arising from, the Event or this Agreement, whether in contract, tort, or otherwise (including any negligent act or omission), shall be limited to the amount paid by you to Affiliate Summit under this Agreement.
9 Miscellaneous
Affiliate Summit’s failure to exercise any right provided for herein shall not be deemed a waiver of any further rights hereunder. Affiliate Summit shall not be liable for any failure to perform its obligations hereunder where such failure results from any cause beyond Affiliate Summit’s reasonable control. If any provision of this Agreement is found to be unenforceable or invalid, that provision shall be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so that this Agreement shall otherwise remain in full force and effect and enforceable. This Agreement is not assignable, transferable or sub-licensable by you except with Affiliate Summit’s prior written consent. A party that substantially prevails in an action brought under this Agreement is entitled to recover from the other party its reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs. Both parties agree that this Agreement is the complete and exclusive statement of the mutual understanding of the parties and supersedes and cancels all previous written and oral agreements, communications and other understandings relating to the subject matter of this Agreement, and that all modifications must be in a writing signed by both parties, except as otherwise provided herein. No agency, partnership, joint venture, or employment is created as a result of this Agreement and you acknowledge that you do not have any authority of any kind to bind Affiliate Summit in any respect whatsoever. In addition to this Agreement, if you are an Exhibitor/Sponsor for an Event, the following Exhibitor/Sponsor Terms and Conditions apply to you:
www.affiliatesummit.com/terms-and-conditions
UPDATED: April 2018
Newsletter sign up
Follow Us
Youtube
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Linkedin
Quick Links
Contact us
Partner with us
About Affiliate Summit
Exhibitor & Sponsor Terms & Conditions
US Exhibitor & Sponsor Terms & Conditions
Other Events
Affiliate Summit West
Affiliate Summit East
Affiliate Summit APAC
Affiliate Summit Euro
Affiliate Summit Corporation is a subsidiary of Clarion Events Limited. Clarion Events Limited is registered in the United Kingdom. Registered address: Bedford House, Fulham High Street, London SW6 3JW, United Kingdom. Company Number 00454826. VAT number: 843 8456 01.
Search
Search
Username * Password * Login