http://www.netmon.com/privacy-policy/
Company Menu
Contact
Our History
Press Releases
Blog
Reseller Partners
Privacy Policy
Shipping and Return Policy
CompanyContact Netmon
Our History
Press Releases
Blog
Reseller Partners
Privacy Policy
Shipping and Return Policy
Search
Contact Support
support@netmon.ca
(800) 944-4511
(519) 944-8365
Privacy Policy
We can be reached via e-mail at info@netmon.com or by telephone at +1(800) 944-4511.
INFORMATION COLLECTED
We collect the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail, the e-mail addresses of those who make postings to our chat areas, aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit, user-specific information on what pages consumers access or visit, information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations, no information on consumers who browse our Web page.
Visitors may access most sections of our website without providing personal information. The information we collect (Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, referring URL, files accessed, errors generated and operating system of visitors) is used to analyze trends, administer the website, track movements and improve our website experience.
Upon placement of an order, request for quote, we may ask for user’s contact or billing information which will then be used for internal operations as well as to provide you with updated information on our products or services. Users may at any time opt-out of receiving future marketing mailings. Please view the OPT OUT section below.
Customers may prevent their information from being used for purposes other than those for which it was originally collected by e-mailing us at the above address, calling us at the above telephone number, writing to us at the address listed below.
Upon request we provide site visitors with access to all information [including proprietary information] that we maintain about them, financial information (credit card information is never stored within our organization) that we maintain about them, transaction information (e.g., dates on which customers made purchases, amounts and types of purchases) that we maintain about them, contact information (e.g., name, address, phone number) that we maintain about them.
Consumers can access the information we have collected or correct incorrect information by e-mailing us at the above address, write to us at the above address, writing to us at the below address.
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our Web site to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our Web site periodically.
Cookies
Netmon.com uses cookies in order to collect certain information about users (see INFORMATION COLLECTED section above). This information is collected in order to improve the navigation and experience of users throughout the website. The e-commerce sections may use cookies to recognize user’s revisits to the website and shopping cart contents.
Opt-Out
Periodically, Netmon Inc. may send the user information regarding its products or services. If the user does not wish to continue to receive such information, please e-mail at the above address or simply reply to the email received from Netmon Inc. with “REMOVE” or “No Interest” typed in the subject line.
If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address, calling us at the above telephone number, writing to us at the above address.
If the user supplies us with your postal address online they will only receive the information for which they provided us their address. Users who supply their telephone numbers online will only receive telephone contact with information regarding orders they have placed online or information they have requested.
Security
Netmon.com has established appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from users to our site. The order process is encrypted using a SSL (Secure Socket Layer) certificate.
Advertising
Netmon Inc. and netmon.com does not currently partner with or have special relationships with any ad server companies. Advertising (adware) is not embedded in any of our software or downloads.
Links
This website may contain links to third party websites that are not affiliated in any way with Netmon Inc. or netmon.com. You are advised to verify the privacy practices of these websites as Netmon Inc. is not responsible for misuse of information provided at other websites. Nor will Netmon Inc. be responsible for the content of such sites.
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this website or your dealings with this website, you can contact Netmon Inc. at
HEAD OFFICE
55 Edinborough St,
Suite 200
Windsor, Ontario
N8X 3C3
Email: info@netmon.com
Telephone: +1(800) 944-4511
Fax: (519) 944-4867
Better Infrastructure Management Starts TodayContact us for a consultation of your ITSM needs.Contact NetmonNetwork Monitoring- Netmon Product Overview- Features- White Papers- Resources- Pricing- Request Quote- SupportEnvironmental Monitoring- Product Overview- SensorProbe / SecurityProbe- All Sensors- Temperature Monitoring- Water Leak Detection- Power Monitoring- Security Monitoring- Smoke Detection- Resources / Support- DatasheetsPartnership ProgramAre you an MSP or VAR? See how you can provide enterprise-level network monitoring and environmental monitoring to your customer base.Partnership ProgramNetmon Inc. 2018 © | Sitemap | Privacy Policy | Shipping and Return Policy
0