http://www.lockstep.com/company/privacy.html
HOME
ABOUT US
PRODUCTS
RESELLERS
SUPPORT
PURCHASE
Scottsdale, Arizona (USA)
Privacy Information
Thank you for visiting a website operated by Lockstep Systems, Inc.
Lockstep is committed to protecting the privacy of our customers.
We have compiled the following Privacy Statement to let you know how
the information you submit though our Web site will be used and
protected.
Personal Information
When you supply Lockstep with your personal information, it will
be used for the purpose you are submitting it for:  to contact
you, to process an order, to register your product, or to download a
product.  We may also use the information to inform you about
new products, technical updates, services and special offers that
may be of interest to you.
Credit card information will be used for payment processing and
will not be used for any marketing or research purposes.
Lockstep will not sell or rent your personal information to other
companies for use in selling other non-Lockstep products or
services.
Other Information Collected
When you visit a website operated by Lockstep Systems, some information, such as your IP address or the
time and date of your visit, may be collected automatically.
Lockstep "Opt-Out" Policy
If at any time you do not want to receive any electronic
communications from Lockstep, please send an email to unsubscribe@lockstep.com
with the subject "Unsubscribe List" and your exact name
and email address in the body of the message.
How to Correct Your Personal Information
If you need to correct or update your personal information that
is registered with Lockstep, send an email to subscribe@lockstep.com
with the subject "Information Update".  Please
include your current registered name, address, email and phone
information along with your changed information in the body of the
message.
Cookies
Some of our pages may use a feature of your Internet browser called
a "cookie".  Cookies are used to let the Web
page server know that you have returned to this site.  Cookies
are unique and can only be read by the server that assigns them.
A cookie cannot retrieve any other data from your hard drive, pass
on computer viruses, or capture your email address.  If you do
not wish to have a cookie set when you visit our Web site, instruct
your browser to prevent them in your settings.
Links to Other Sites
The Lockstep Web site may contain links to other Web sites.
Lockstep is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content
of such Web sites.
Questions or Concerns
Lockstep welcomes any questions or comments regarding this policy.
Feel free to contact us at privacy@lockstep.com.
Because technologies on the Internet change so quickly, Lockstep
reserves the right to modify this Privacy Statement from time to
time without any notice.
By using this Web site, you agree to the terms of
Lockstep's on-line privacy policy.  Please do not use this site
if you do not agree to these terms.
PRODUCTS
Backup for Workgroups
IGetMail
Lockstep Systems, Inc.  *  Scottsdale, AZ
Support
|
Contact
|
Privacy
|
Legal
Copyright © 1999-2019 Lockstep
Systems, Inc.  All Rights Reserved.