http://www.rapitasystems.com/terms/customer-data-privacy
Skip to main content
Free 30-day trial Customer portal Contact
Solutions
Industry leading verification tools & services
Rapita Verification Suite (RVS)
RapiTest - Unit/system testing   RapiCover - Structural coverage analysis   RapiTime - Timing analysis (inc. WCET)   RapiTask - Scheduling visualization   RapiCoverZero - Zero footprint coverage analysis   RapiTimeZero - Zero footprint timing analysis   RapiTaskZero - Zero footprint scheduling analysis
Multicore verification
CAST-32A Compliance   Multicore Timing Solution   RapiDaemons
Services
V & V Services   Qualification   Training   Tool Integration
Industries
Aerospace (DO-178C)   Automotive (ISO 26262)   Space
Other
RTBx
Mx-Suite
Software licensing
Product life cycle policy
Latest
Latest from Rapita HQ
Latest news
DO-178C Virtual Training - November 2020
NXP MCFA 2020
RVS 3.13a released
Latest from the Rapita blog
Assured Multicore Partitioning for FACE Systems
Going above and beyond the quality standards
Assured Partitioning for FACE Systems
Upcoming events
Future Airborne Capability Environment (FACE) Exihibition
2021-03-01
Safe Use of Multi-Core Processors Seminar
2021-04-05
Resources
Technical resources for industry professionals
White Papers
Multicore Timing Analysis for DO-178C
Seven Roadblocks to 100% Structural Coverage (and how to avoid them)
Eight top code coverage questions in embedded avionics systems
Automating WCET Analysis for DO-178B & DO-178C
Videos
Testing using the RapiTest scripting language
Continuous verification with RVS and Jenkins
Zero footprint timing analysis with RapiTime Zero
Zero-footprint system event tracing with RapiTask Zero
Zero footprint coverage analysis with RapiCover Zero
Webinars
Verifying Multicore RTOS Partitioning for DO-178C (CAST-32A) Projects
Out of the box Solution for Multicore Analysis - Rapita & DDC-I
Certifying multicore systems for DO-178C (CAST-32A) projects
Incremental Assurance of Multicore Integrated Modular Avionics (IMA)
Case studies
Cobham Aerospace Connectivity: RapiCover continues to deliver on the most challenging targets
Collins Aerospace: DO-178C code coverage analysis
Triumph Integrated Systems: DO-178C V&V
Establishing WCET for the Airbus A330 Multi-Role Transport Tanker
Company
Discover Rapita
Who we are
The company menu
About us
Customers
Distributors
Locations
Partners
Research projects
Contact us
Careers
Careers menu
Current opportunities & application process
Working at Rapita
US office
+1 248-957-9801
enquiries@rapitasystems.com
41131 Vincenti Ct.
Novi, MI, 48375
USA
UK office
+44 (0)1904 413945
enquiries@rapitasystems.com
Atlas House
York, YO10 3JB
UK
Search
Back to Top
Rapita Systems privacy information
Breadcrumb
Home
Terms
Rapita Systems privacy information
This statement explains how Rapita Systems (including Rapita Systems, Inc. and Rapita Systems Ltd.) processes personal data about our customers, sales leads/enquiries, suppliers, partners and any other information relating to other day to day business interactions. This privacy statement is provided in fulfilment of the obligations of the GDPR for the collection and processing of personal information by Rapita Systems.
The purpose of the processing is to perform the ongoing business of the group/company including “business to business” sales and direct marketing activities. The lawful basis for the processing is the legitimate interest of the controller, which is to carry out the day to day activities of the business. The retention period for the data is 20 years for most data and 35 years where necessary (e.g. for supporting a long-term aircraft program).
The types of personal data that we may hold and process include: your name, company, contact details including telephone number and email address, as well as the history of our interactions with you. Some of the data you may have given us, some data may have been received from third parties.
We may share this information within the companies and the Danlaw group of companies. In addition, we may share this data with partner companies, but only where it is relevant and necessary to do so. Your personal data may be transferred both within and outside of the EEC, in which case, we will apply appropriate safeguards.
You are under no statutory or contractual obligation to provide the personal data. There is no automated decision-making or profiling based on the data.
You have various rights provided by the GDPR, including the right to be informed that we are processing your personal data (this statement), the right to access the data, the right to correct it, erase it (in certain circumstances), to restrict further processing and to make a complaint to a supervising authority.
You can contact Rapita by email at dataprotection@rapitasystems.com or write to us at either Rapita Systems Inc 41131 Vincenti Ct, Novi, MI 48375, USA, or Rapita Systems Ltd., Atlas House, Osbaldwick Link Road, York, YO10 3JB, or visit our website https://www.RapitaSystems.com.
Solutions
Rapita Verification Suite
RapiTest
RapiCover
RapiTime
RapiTask
CAST-32A Compliance Package
Verification and Validation Services
Qualification
Training
Integration
Latest
Latest menu
News
Blog
Events
Videos
Downloads
Downloads menu
Brochures
Webinars
White Papers
Case Studies
Product briefs
Technical notes
Software licensing
Company
Company menu
About Rapita
Customers
Distributors
Industries
Locations
Partners
Research projects
Contact
Discover
AMC 20-193
What is CAST-32A?
Multicore Timing Analysis
MC/DC Coverage
Code coverage for Ada, C & C++
Embedded Software Testing Tools
Aerospace Software Testing
Automotive Software Testing
Certifying eVTOL
DO-178C Testing
WCET Tools
Worst Case Execution Time
All materials © Rapita Systems Ltd. 2020 - All rights reserved | Privacy information Subscribe to our newsletter