http://www.birdiesync.com/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
info [at] birdiesync.com (E-mail Us Directly)
Main menu
Home
Features
Testimonials
Download
Registration
Support
Forum
Privacy policy
Last updated: 2020-02-14
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information we receive from users of the Site http://www.birdiesync.com or BirdieSync application.
By using the Site or BirdieSync application, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.
Information collection
While using our Site, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to your name.
You may be asked to enter your name, email address, mailing address or other details. We may collect one of this information when you register on forum, place an order, subscribe to a newsletter, respond to a survey, fill out a form, use Live Chat, contact support or enter information on our site.
Information use
We may use your Personal Information to respond to your customer requests (by email, chat or forum),
contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and manage your BirdieSync application license.
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your Personally Identifiable Information unless we have your permission. This does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or serving our users, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release information when its release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property or safety.
Log data
Like many site operators, we collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Site.
This Log Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Site that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics.
In addition, we may use third party services such as Google Analytics that collect, monitor and analyze the traffic of this web site.
Cookies
Cookies are files with small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and stored on your computer's hard drive.
Like many sites, we use "cookies" to store or collect information. For instance, we may use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. The cookies collect information in a way that does not directly identify anyone. All IP addresses are anonymized.
You can modify cookies settings according to your wishes.
You can also instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Site.
BirdieSync access to your private data
BirdieSync application only accesses to your private data (contacts, events, tasks or mails) in order to synchronize it to the devices or applications you selected in the synchronization configuration. It transits through the local server of BirdieSync that you installed on one of your PC which acts as an intermediary between the synchronized devices and applications. The local server may also store information extracts in its history for your convenience.
BirdieSync logs
In order to get some help when using BirdieSync application, it may be necessary to transmit BirdieSync logs to support. These logs are only used to analyze your specific problem and offer the best possible help. They may refer to your current configuration and possibly contain detailed information about the data to synchronize.
Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Changes to this Privacy policy
This Privacy Policy is effective as of the date mentioned at the top of this page and will remain in effect except with respect to any changes in its provisions in the future, which will be in effect immediately after being posted on this page.
We reserve the right to update or change our Privacy Policy at any time and you should check this Privacy Policy periodically. Your continued use of the Service after we post any modifications to the Privacy Policy on this page will constitute your acknowledgment of the modifications and your consent to abide and be bound by the modified Privacy Policy.
Contact us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us to info [at] birdiesync.com
Synchronize your Android, iPhone or Pocket PC with Thunderbird and Sunbird
Footer
Home
Features
Testimonials
Download
Registration
Support
Forum
Privacy policy
Cookies
Credits
News feed
© 2007 - 2020 All rights reserved
Cookies
We use cookies on this site to enhance your user experience. Review our privacy policy for more information. You can modify cookies settings according to your wishes.
Dismiss