http://www.paramountcomputer.com/value-net-usage-policies-and-rules/
Skip to content
Value Net Usage Policies and Rules
paramountcomputer
Value Net Usage Policies and RulesValue Net subscribers are required to conform to the terms and conditions specified below when using Value Net directly, or when accessing any other computer system via Value Net. Failure to comply may result in termination of your account(s). No refunds will be given.If you do not agree with these terms, conditions, and policies please send mail to support valuenet to terminate your account. Usage of the account implies that you agree with these terms and conditions.
A Value Net Login account entitles the account holder to login on only one modem or TCP/IP session at a time. Multiple logins are not allowed. Subscriber is expected to maintain user id and password information in the strictest confidence and may not allow others to use the same accounts.
The subscriber is expected to change Login account passwords regularly. Value Net is not responsible for passwords on Login accounts. Once your initial password is changed, we are unable to tell you what it is, so don’t forget it!
Some Value Net account options specify unmetered usage, but this does not mean unlimited connect time. Value Net dial-up connections are configured with inactivity time-outs which will disconnect the line after several minutes without activity. This is to prevent you from tying up Value Net resources when they are not being used. Anyone who attempts to defeat this mechanism may have their accounts terminated, may be billed for the connect time which has been misappropriated, or both. Value Net has account options which allow for full time dial-up connections if this is a requirements.
Any misuse of Value Net resources that disrupts the normal use of the system is strictly prohibited. Such system abuse may lead to termination of the account. Examples of system abuse include but are not limited to spawning many processes which consume resources, consuming excessive amounts of disk storage or main memory or CPU for long periods of time, etc.
If your Value Net account is suspended, we reserve the right to delete any and all files (including email) if the account is in violation of Value Net’s disk quota policies. Disk quotas are as follows; 1MB PWP, 10MB for Combo and 40MB for WEBster.
The following violations of “netiquette” are grounds for immediate suspension of service pending investigation by Value Net and will result in termination of the account(s) the investigation determines to have originated or transmitted these types of traffic.
Posting a single article or substantially similar articles to an excessive number of newsgroups (i.e., more than 10) or continued posting of articles which are off-topic (e.g., off-topic according to the newsgroup charter or the article provokes complaints from the regular readers of the newsgroup for being off-topic, also known as SPAMMING).Also Sending unsolicited mass emailings (i.e., to more than 10 users) which provoke complaints from the recipients.Engaging in SPAMMING from a provider other than Value Net and using an account on Value Net as a mail drop for responses.Harrassment of other individuals on the Internet after being asked to stop by those individuals and by Value Net.Impersonating another user or otherwise falsifying one’s user name in email, Usenet postings, on IRC, or with any other Internet service. (This does not preclude the use of nicknames in IRC or the use of anonymous remailer services.)Users whose accounts are terminated for any infractions are also responsible for the cost of labor to cleanup and respond to complaints incurred by Value Net.
Use of ‘IRC Bots’ is prohibited.
Compilation and/or use of compiled code other than what is provided by Value Net is prohibited. This does not apply to Webster accounts compiling/and or using code on dedicated Web server machines.
News groups in the “vnet” structure are meant for discussions by Value Net subscribers only, and advertising of goods and services offered by other service providers is strictly prohibited. Value Net reserves the right to delete inappropriate articles from these groups.
Any attempts to penetrate Value Net security or to access another persons account or files will result in the termination of the account holder’s account without notice.
Value Net exercises no control whatsoever over the content of the information passing through it. Period.
Value Net does not provide any assurance that data stored on Value Net computer systems will be maintained. Files may be deleted at any time. In the event of a system failure that results in files being lost, Value Net may choose not to restore these files. The subscriber understands this and agrees to take precautions to back up information on some other computer system, or in some other manner. Value Net makes available utilities for moving data from/to our computer system. Subscriber is solely responsible for determining the accuracy of any files transferred using these utilities.Value Net is NOT responsible for your data.
Value Net makes no warranties of any kind, either express or implied, regarding the quality, accuracy, or validity of the data and/or information residing on computer systems accessed through Value Net. idn poker
Value Net makes no representations regarding system availability. Value Net reserves the right to discontinue service periodically for maintenance, particularly during non-peak periods such as nights and weekends. Subscribers should plan accordingly. Value Net will attempt to provide 24 hour a day, 7 day per week service, but we cannot guarantee any specific level of service.
Value Net will NOT be held responsible for consequential damages resulting from use or nonuse of Value Net!!!Services provided by Value Net are used by subscriber at subscribers sole risk, and we do not guarantee any specific level of service.
Account holder agrees to use Value Net only for lawful purposes. Transmission of any material in violation of any U.S. or state statute or regulation is prohibited. This includes but is not limited to copyrighted material, material legally judged to be threatening or obscene, or unauthorized transmission of material protected by a trade secret.
Subscriber agrees to indemnify and hold harmless Value Net from any claims resulting from subscriber’s use of the service which causes direct or indirect damage to the subscriber or another party.
Account holder agrees to indemnify and hold harmless Value Net from any and all lawsuits, judgments, decrees, costs and expenses, any attorney fees arising from the subscriber’s use of the services provided by Value Net.
Subscriber will be billed in advance for all services, either by credit card or directly. Payments are due as soon as services are made available. If Value Net does not receive payment for services within 10 days, Value Net reserves the right to suspend or revoke access to Value Net services.
Subscriber understands that Value Net receives all USENET discussion groups and that some of the discussion groups contain language and subjects that are appropriate only for adult audiences. If the subscriber is less than 18 years of age, the account setup request form must be signed by a legal guardian.
Cancelling your Value Net AccountValue Net customers who want to cancel service MUST give 30 days notice on cancellation of services. Written notice of cancellation is also required (email, fax or letter).
These Terms and conditions supersede all previous agreements and represent the only set of conditions relating to usage of Value Net services by subscriber. Value Net reserves the right to modify the terms and conditions as necessary. Subscribers will be notified by e-mail of any changes in usage policies.
Value Net services are supplied to paid subscribers only. Value Net reserves the right to terminate services to non-paid subscribers at any time.
Value Net Usage Policies and Rules
Post navigation
Value Net Software and Support PoliciesWeb Page Design
Search
Recent Posts
Transferring Files
Web Page Design
Value Net Usage Policies and Rules
Value Net Software and Support Policies
Value Net File System Information
Archives
May 2020
December 2020
M
T
W
T
F
S
S
123456
78910111213
14151617181920
21222324252627
28293031
« May
Categories
paramountcomputer