http://www.securidata.co.uk/privacy
Services
Public Cloud
Services
Disaster Recovery
as a Service
Backup as
a Service
Business Continuity
as a Service
Support
COVID-19
0800 033 6633
Customer Portal
Close the search
Close submenu
Contact us
Resources
About Databarracks
Privacy Policy
Databarracks Limited is a limited company registered in Guernsey under number 40662 and its registered office is at Ground Floor Mill court, La Charroterie, St Peter Port, Guernsey, GY1 1EJ. Correspondence in the UK may be addressed to 1 Bridges Court, London, SW11 3BB.
The contents of this Website are copyright © Databarracks Limited. All rights reserved. You may copy anything in this Website only to the extent that (1) to do so is necessary for browsing the Website or (2) you are storing it in a cache. You may not include anything in this Website in another Website or copy it or print it (except for your internal purposes) without our explicit written permission (contact us for permission).
This site contains links to external sites for your convenience only. We do not endorse, or recommend those links or the contents of their destinations, and links (and the content of their destinations) may change from time to time without our (or your) knowledge.
Once you have left our site, these terms no longer apply.
Databarracks Privacy Notice
Your privacy is important to us. This privacy statement explains what personal data Databarracks collects from you, through our interactions with you and through our products, and how we use that data.
Databarracks offers a wide range of services including: Business Continuity as a Service (BaaS), Disaster Recovery as a Service (DRaaS), Backup as a Service (BaaS), Email Continuity, and consultancy services. References to Databarracks products in this statement include Databarracks services, website, software, servers and devices.
We also collect personal information for direct marketing purposes as described below.
Databarracks Products and Services
Personal Data We Collect
We collect personal data to allow us to be able to provide you with a service, whether that be a chargeable or free service. In order to be able to do this we need to keep a record of your name and contact details, including telephone number, email address and work address. We may also record other contact details such as Skype or other messaging system names.
How We Use Personal Data
We use personal data to contact you in order to provide the services to which you've subscribed, including: informing you of upgrades to, or issues with, the service; providing implementation, change and support services. They may be chargeable or free services and there may be a formal contract in place or not.
Reasons We Share Personal Data
We may share your personal data with our partners that are assisting us to provide you with product or services. We have agreements in place with these partners to ensure they will treat your information in the same way we do and that they will not use personal information we supplied to send you direct marketing without gaining your consent. We also share data with vendors working on our behalf; when required by law or to respond to legal process; to protect our customers; to protect lives; to maintain the security of our products; and to protect our rights or property.
Legal Basis
Our Legal Basis for processing your information is Legitimate Interests: we need the information in order to be able to provide you with the services you subscribed to or are contracted to; if we do not have the information available we may not be able to provide the service in the way you would expect or is described in any documentation.
Retention
We keep all service related contact information on file for six years following termination of contract (if there was a contract in place) in case there is a legal/civil need for the information. If there was no contract in place, we may keep your information indefinitely unless you ask us to delete it.
Direct Marketing
Personal Data We Collect for Direct Marketing
We collect basic contact information such as: name, email address, postal address, other contact details such as Skype and other messaging systems contact details. We may also collect information from your profile on LinkedIn and other similar information sources to help us ensure we provide you with focussed information that will be of interest to you.
We get this information from a number of sources: directly from you at exhibitions or other meetings or presentations; from our website when you download software tools, whitepapers, or request information; from information sources such as LinkedIn; from other reputable commercial sources when we will have an agreement in place to ensure the information was collected legally.
How We Use Personal Data
We do not blanket mailshot customers or potential customers, we send focussed information that we believe will be of interest to you and will delete you from our database, if you request us to, with no question and without unreasonable delay.We will use your contact details to send you updates about systems or services you already have, or we believe may be of interest to you, based on the information we have about you. We will also use the details to invite you to seminars, presentations, exhibitions and other events where Databarracks is the organiser or a participant in some way.
Sharing Your Personal Data
We only share your personal data with organisations helping us to arrange events or exhibitions in the form of lists of invitations and when we do there are agreements in place to ensure they protect your personal information in the same way we do and that they will not use personal information we supplied to send you direct marketing without gaining your consent. We also share data when required by law or to respond to legal process; to protect our customers; to protect lives; to maintain the security of our products; and to protect our rights or property.
Legal Basis
Our Legal Basis for ongoing communication is either Legitimate Interests or Consent.
In the case of existing business relationships such as when we have provided quotations, met or discussed solutions, the Legal Basis is Legitimate Interest.
In the case of contact information collected from downloads on our website(s) or publishing partners, events, webinars or other marketing activities, we will gain your consent before sending you any marketing information.
Retention
We will keep your information indefinitely unless you request us to delete it so that we can keep you informed about new products and services that will be of interest to you.
The Databarracks Web Site and Cookies
Cookies
Our Databarracks website uses "cookies" (small text files we store on your device) to save your preferences and settings; help you to sign-in; and analyse site operations.
You have a variety of tools to control cookies, web beacons and similar technologies, including browser controls to block and delete cookies and controls from some third-party analytics service providers to opt out of data collection through web beacons and similar technologies. Your browser and other choices may impact your experiences with our products.
Personal Data We Collect Via the Databarracks Website
We collect personal information to help us provide you with the best user experience of our products and services and to help us operate effectively. Some of this data is provided directly by you, e.g. when you create an account on the web site, download a software tool, register for a Databarracks event, download a whitepaper, contact us for support or take part in a 'chat' session about any of our products or services and some of it is populated by us. The information we collect is basic contact details such as: name, postal address, email address and Skype or other messaging system names. The retention period is different depending on whether the information you provided relates to service delivery or marketing information.
How to Access & Control Personal Data We Hold For You
You may ask us to:
Tell you what personal information we hold for you;
Stop processing your information;
Correct any errors or omissions in the information;
Remove all your information;
Restrict the processing;
Make the information we hold about you available for you to pass to another party.
You can do this by emailing dpo@databarracks.com or calling our Service Desk on 0800 033 6633. You will need to authenticate yourself by providing copies of official documents that include your name and address before we can deal with your request.
Close the contact
Contact us: UK
Call free within the UK
0800 033 6633
Overseas
Outside the UK?
+44 (0)203 1771 910
General Enquires
contact@databarracks.com
Partners
partners@databarracks.com
Sales
sales@databarracks.com
Accounts
accounts@databarracks.com
Marketing
marketing@databarracks.com
Careers
hr@databarracks.com
Follow us:
LinkedIn
Twitter
Visit us:
Address:
Databarracks Ltd 1 Bridges Court London SW11 3BB UK
Get in touch:
Choose option Public Cloud Services Disaster Recovery as a Service Backup as a Service Business Continuity as a Service
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
Submit
This website uses cookies. To find out more, read our Cookies policy. By continuing to use the site, you consent to our use of cookies.
OK