https://www.guard-it.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Guard-IT Privacy Statement
Guard-IT Corporation ("Guard-IT") is the sole owner of the information collected via this website (www.guard-it.com), and it does not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this privacy statement. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this website. Guard-IT collects information for its own business use from website guests, business prospects and clients (collectively "Visitors") in several ways via its website, including the following:
Information Requests: Visitors may request additional information, including free copies of draft escrow agreements, from us in order to make their own business decision regarding the use of our software and intellectual property escrow services. Upon receipt of these requests, Guard-IT may request or obtain additional contact information, including business address and telephone number. This information is used to contact and inform the Visitor about the services on our site for which they have expressed interest.
Service Orders: Guard-IT uses an online setup form to ease and expedite the processing of its software and intellectual property escrow services to its Clients. To complete a new order, Visitors must provide complete contact information which is required to complete our service contract or escrow agreement with them. The information contained in Guard-IT's escrow agreements is confidential and the contact information is used for billing purposes and to fulfill Guard-IT's customer service requirements.
IP Address Log Files: We may at times use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the website, track Visitors' movement or gather other information for internal use only. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Other Web Links: Guard-IT's website may at times contain links to other websites. Guard-IT is not responsible for the privacy policies of other parties' websites. Guard-IT encourages Visitors to be aware when they leave its website and to read the privacy statements of other websites that may collect personally identifiable information.
E-Letters: Visitors who wish to subscribe to Guard-IT's electronic newsletter(s) must submit to Guard-IT complete name and e-mail address information in order to receive the e-letter.
News, Announcements & Service Updates: From time to time, Guard-IT may distribute via e-mail information regarding its company news, service enhancements or other information pertinent to its software and intellectual property escrow services. Respecting the privacy of its Visitors, Guard-IT offers the option to not receive this communication ("Opt-Out Policy", below).
Opt-Out Policy: In every e-mail containing Guard-IT company news, service enhancements or other information pertinent to its software and intellectual property escrow services, Visitors and other e-mail recipients have the right to ‘opt-out’ of the mailing list used to contact them. Visitors or recipients who no longer wish to receive e-mail announcements from Guard-IT may use the "Kindly reply if you do not wish to receive this information." or a similar link within the e-mail, or they may e-mail info@guard-it.com and list PLEASE REMOVE or UNSUBSCRIBE in the subject line. Upon receipt of opt-out requests, Guard-IT makes every reasonable effort to promptly delete the sender's e-mail address from its e-mail list(s).
Correcting or Updating Personal Information: Visitors may change or update their contact information at the Client Tools area of this website.
Registered Trademarks: "Guard-IT", "guardit" and "Protecting Your Technology Assets" are registered trademarks of Guard-IT Corporation. Unauthorized use of these trademarks is strictly prohibited.
Changes to this Policy: Should Guard-IT change or amend this privacy statement, Guard-IT will post those changes under its Privacy Statement on its website, so that Visitors may be advised and aware of the collection and use of their contact information.
Comments or questions regarding this privacy statement may be directed to: Jim Ford, CEO, Guard-IT Corporation, 1250 S Capital of Texas Hwy, Bldg 3, Ste 400, Austin, Texas 78746 USA. Phone: 512-282-1995, Fax: 512-282-1895, E-Mail: jford@guard-it.com.