http://www.howipromotemywebsite.com/privacy.html
Privacy Statement
The privacy of our visitors to HowIPromoteMyWebsite.com is important to us.
Privacy statement last updated: May 29th, 2018
Privacy Statement
Essentially,  and as per EU privacy regulations that came into force on May 25th (2018) also known as GDPR, you will find the following details here on this privacy page:
Who we are
What tools we use to collect data
and what data they collect.
Confirmation of the data that does / does not personally or directly identify you
What data we collect when you subscribe to our newsletter services
Who gets to see this data
NOTE: as our understanding of the requirements of GDPR becomes clearer so this privacy policy will become clearer, too.
Who We Are
Our website address is: https://www.HowIPromoteMyWebsite.com
At HowIPromoteMyWebsite.com we are dedicated to protecting your data and privacy.
We recognize that
your privacy is important. This document outlines the types of personal
information we receive and collect when you use HowIPromoteMyWebsite.com,
as well as some of the steps we take to safeguard information. This will help
you make an informed decision about sharing personal information with us.
HowIPromoteMyWebsite.com strives to maintain the highest
standards of decency, fairness and integrity in all our operations. Likewise,
we are dedicated to protecting our customers' and online visitors' privacy on
our website.
About Our Cookies
A cookie is a string
of information that HowIPromoteMyWebsite.com stores on your computer,
which your browser provides to HowIPromoteMyWebsite.com each time you
return to the site. We use cookies to help us identify and track visitors,
their use of our website, and their website access preferences.
Cookies are used by nearly all websites and do not harm your system.
If you want to check or change what types of cookies you accept, this can usually be altered within your browser settings. You can block cookies at any time by activating the setting on your browser that allows you to refuse the setting of all or some cookies. However, if you use your browser settings to block all cookies (including essential cookies) you may not be able to access all or parts of our site.
How do we use cookies?
We use cookies to track your use of our website. This enables us to understand how you use the site and track any patterns with regards how you are using our website. This helps us to develop and improve our website as well as products and / or services in response to what you might need or want.
Cookies are either:
* Session cookies
* Persistent cookies
But, more important to you, cookies can also be categorised as follows:
– Strictly necessary cookies
– Performance cookies
– Functionality cookies
Find out more about cookies here - https://ico.org.uk/your-data-matters/online/cookies/
Your agreement (or otherwise) of our cookie use is handled by Cookie Script - https://cookie-script.com/privacy-policy-and-disclaimer.html
As regards HowIPromoteMyWebsite.com, and its cookie use...
Affiliate Products
and Services
We
receive an affiliate commission for some of the products/services sold
on HowIPromoteMyWebsite.com.
The
affiliate services platforms we use are Amazon, Aweber, SiteSell
By
clicking on a product or service link, you consent to that platform's use of
cookies, as outlined in the link below.
Amazon
UK privacy link and Amazon.com privacy link
Aweber privacy link
SiteSell privacy link
Refusing Cookies
You can set your
browser to accept or refuse all cookies automatically, or notify you when a
cookie is being requested. Taking this action should not cause a problem with
the continued use of our site. Consult the Help section of your browser for
guidance on how to refuse all cookies or to notify you when a cookie is
requested.
If you choose to
refuse HowIPromoteMyWebsite.com's cookies, you may not be able to fully
experience the interactive features of the site.
** Personally
Identifiable Information **
HowIPromoteMyWebsite.com may collect and use your personal
information for the following purposes:
To
run and operate our site.
To
display content on the site correctly.
To
improve customer service.
To
help us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more
efficiently.
To
personalize your user experience.
To
understand how our users as a group use the services and resources
provided on our site.
To
improve our site.
To
improve our products and services.
To
run a promotion, contest, survey or other site feature.
To
send information to you that you agreed to receive about topics we think
will be of interest to you.
To
send periodic emails, which may include electronic newsletters and/or
autoresponder series of emails.
To
respond to your enquiries, questions, and/or other requests.
HowIPromoteMyWebsite.com lets you share content with your friends and followers on various social media platforms. Below are links to the privacy policies of:
Google
Twitter
Facebook
HowIPromoteMyWebsite.com may collect personally identifiable
information from you in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when
you visit our site, register on the site, or fill out a form, and in connection
with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our
site.
If you complete a
form, we will require your name and your email address, and will ask for
information relevant to the purpose of the form.
You can always refuse
to supply personally identifiable information and visit our site anonymously.
However, it may prevent you from engaging in certain site-related activities.
If we make material
changes in the collection of personally identifiable information, we will
inform you by placing a notice on our site. We will use personal information
received from you for internal purposes only and will not sell it or provide it
to third parties.
We also collect each
visitor's IP address, which helps us combat spam and fraud. We do not use IP
addresses for any other purpose.
Links
The HowIPromoteMyWebsite.com website
contains links to other websites that may be of interest to you. However, once you have used them to leave our site, we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information you provide while visiting such sites. These sites are not governed by this privacy statement. Always exercise caution by reviewing the privacy statement of the website in question before continuing to use it.
** Non-personally
Identifiable Information **
We may collect
non-personally identifiable information about you whenever you interact with
our site. Non-personally identifiable information may include the browser name,
the type of computer and technical information about your method of connecting
to our site, such as the operating system and the Internet service provider you
used, and other similar information.
** How long we retain your data **
Any content submitted and its metadata is retained indefinitely.
Embedded Content From Other Websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Children's Privacy
Protection
This website is
directed to adults. It is not directed to children under the age of 16. We
operate our site in compliance with current regulations. Anyone under the age
of 16 must provide parental consent to use this site. We do not knowingly
collect or use personally identifiable information from anyone under 16 years
of age.
Release of
Information
If we sell HowIPromoteMyWebsite.com,
the information we have obtained from you through your voluntary participation
in our site may transfer to the new owner as a part of the sale so that the
service provided to you may continue. In that event, you will receive notice
through our website of that change in control and practices, and we will make
reasonable efforts to ensure that the purchaser honours any opt-out requests you
might make.
Data Storage
Personally
identifiable information and non-personally identifiable information collected
by this site is stored on our host's servers. That host is Clook,
located at Sub 6 Limited,
Suite 3E Ribble House,
Bamber Bridge,
Preston, Lancashire, PR5 6UP, United Kingdom
Some information is collected by third-party services. These include... YouTube, Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest
How You Can Correct
or Remove Information
We provide this
privacy policy as a statement to you of our commitment to protect your
personally identifiable information. If you have submitted personally
identifiable information through our website and would like to update that
information or have it deleted from our records, then please contact us.
Updates and Effective
Date
HowIPromoteMyWebsite.com reserves the right to make changes in
this policy. If there is a material change in our cookie and privacy practices,
we will indicate on our site that those practices have changed and provide a
link to the updated privacy policy. We encourage you to periodically review
this policy so that you will know what information we collect and how we use
it.
Agreeing to Terms
If you do not agree
to HowIPromoteMyWebsite.com's privacy policy as posted here on this
website, please do not consent to the setting of cookies and the collection and
storage of your personally identifiable information.
Your explicit consent
indicates acceptance of this privacy policy in its entirety.
Last updated: May 29th, 2018
Back
to top
>
Contact Us | Privacy
Statement