https://www.protechtraining.com/content/privacy
Home
Training
BROWSE OUR COURSE CATALOG
Virtual Classroom Schedule (Live Online Learning)
Browse Full Catalog (1500+)
Guaranteed To Run Courses
Voucher Eligible Courses
View Courses by Location
Recently Added Courses
Government Training Solutions
Delivery Options
Multi-Week Bootcamp Courses
Mainframe eLearning Bundle NEW
Digital Badge Program
Authorized HP Education
Business Analysis, Agile/Scrum & DevOps
Cloud, AWS, VMware & Citrix
Communication & Business Skills
CompTIA, Help Desk, Apple & Desktop Applications
Cybersecurity, Hacking & IT Auditing
Databases, Business Intelligence & Data Science
Front-End Web & Mobile Development
IBM Mainframe, Midrange & ISV Products
ITIL, Governance & IT Service Management
Java/Java EE, Open-Source & Web Application Servers
Microsoft Infrastructure & Operating Systems
Microsoft Visual Studio .NET and SharePoint
Project & Portfolio Management
Software Quality, Testing & Tools
TCP/IP, Cisco & Networking Technologies
UNIX/Linux & Perl
Consulting
Consulting Introduction
Automation Assessment
Automation Consulting
Automation Outsourcing
Scheduling Assessment
Scheduling Conversion
Operations Processing Assessment
Performance & Availability
ESM&A Listserver
Software
Software Introduction
Free Downloads
About Us
About Us
Our Clients
Partners
Blog
Careers
Contact Us
Resources
Upcoming Webinars
Past Webinars
Articles and Blogs
Video Resources
ProTech Home
Privacy Policy
ProTech has created this privacy statement to demonstrate our commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this website.
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our Web site. Your IP address is used to help identify you and your shopping cart. We use cookies to deliver content specific to your interests and to save your password so you don't have to re-enter it each time you visit our site.
Our site's registration form requires users to give us contact information (like their name and email address). We use customer contact information from the registration form to send the user information about our company and promotional material from some of our partners. The customer's contact information is also used to contact the visitor when necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings. See the choice/opt-out section below.
This site may contain links to other sites. ProTech is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Our site uses an order form for customers to request information and services. We collect visitor's contact information (like their email address) and financial information (like their credit card numbers). Contact information from the order form is used to get in touch with the visitor when necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings. See the choice/opt-out section below. Financial information that is collected is used to bill the user for services.
Our online surveys ask visitors for financial information (like their credit card numbers) and demographic information (like their zip code). Financial information that is collected from our users is used to check the users' qualifications. Demographic and profile data is also collected at our site. We use this data to tailor our visitor's experience at our site, showing them content that we think they might be interested in, and displaying the content according to their preferences.
Public Forums
This site makes chat rooms, forums, message boards, and/or news groups available to its users. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control.
Choice/Opt-Out
Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us where we request information about the visitor.
This site gives users the following options for removing their information from our database so they do not receive future communications.
You can manage your preferences for the types of emails you receive from us here
You can send postal mail to the following address:
ProTech Professional Technical Services, Inc.
975 Airbrake Ave
Turtle Creek, PA 15145
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this web site, you can contact info@protechtraining.com.
MyProTech Home
MyCourses
MyWatchList
MyAccount
Help
Join Our Mailing List
Site Links
Home
Training
Consulting
Software
About Us
Partners
Legal Notice
Privacy Policy
Login
Contact
ProTech Professional Technical Services, Inc.
Toll Free: 800-373-9188
GSA #GS-35F-0486W
Email: info@protechpts.com
Sign In
Create Account
Navigation
Home
Training
Consulting
Software
About Us
Upcoming Webinars
Articles and Blogs
Social Media