http://www.developerfusion.co.uk/about-us/legal/
Developer Fusion - The global developer community for .NET and Java programmers
.NET
Java
Open Source
Mobile
Database
Architecture
RIA & Web
Toolbox
Home
Our writers
Write for us
Contact us
Advertise
Developer Fusion Terms of Use
Definitions
"Member" means a member of the Site and "Membership" shall be interpreted accordingly.
"Site" means the website located at developerFusion.com (and related properties)
"Terms" means the Terms of use which incorporate member rules detailed on the Site from time to time.
"We" or "Us" means Developer Fusion Limited, a company registered in England and Wales under company number 4905407 and VAT Registration No. GB 798 849531, with a registered office at 58 Sandringham Close, Enfield, EN1 3JH, United Kingdom, and "Our" shall be interpreted accordingly.
"You" means you, the user of the Site and "Your" and "Yourself" shall be interpreted accordingly.
Application and acceptance
These Terms are important and apply use of this website implies an agreement
to abide by and be bound by these terms. Therefore, please read these Terms carefully. If You do not agree to these Terms, then You SHOULD NOT use this website.
We reserve the right, at Our sole discretion, to change or update these Terms from time to time without further notice. It is therefore Your responsibility to check these Terms regularly for any changes. We will post the last date of any change to these Terms at the bottom of this page. Your continued use of the Site after any such changes constitutes Your acceptance of the new terms. If You do not agree to abide by these Terms or any future terms You should not continue to use this Site.
Your promises to us
You confirm that:
You will comply with these Terms including, without limitation, the restrictions relating to acceptable use set out in the Code of Conduct section below
You agree to compensate Us from any claim or damages (including any legal fees in relation to such claim or damages) made by a third party in respect of any matter in relation to or arising from Your use or Membership of the Site or arising from any breach or suspected breach of these Terms by You or Your violation of any law or the rights of any third party.
Your data
Upon registration as a Member, You will select a password and Member name that You can use to access Your profile and to log on to the Members' area of the Site. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of Your password and Member name and are responsible for all activities that occur under them. We do not have the means to check the identity of people using the Members' area of the Site and will not be liable where Your password or Member name are used by someone else. You agree to notify Us immediately of any unauthorised use of Your password or Member name or any other breach of security of which You become aware. You agree to be fully responsible for all use of Your account and for any actions that take place using Your account and to maintain and promptly update any information You provide to Us, to keep it accurate, current and complete.
Your content
You are solely responsible for the content You post or create on the Site including (but not limited to) any articles, blogs and discussion posts. We respect the intellectual property rights of others and We prohibit Members from uploading, posting or otherwise transmitting on the Site any materials that violate another party's intellectual property rights. When We receive notification of a potential copyright infringement, We will promptly remove or disable access to the allegedly infringing material and terminate the accounts of repeat infringers. We may remove content from the Site for any reason or no reason, including without limitation content that in Our sole judgment violates these Terms, that might be offensive, defamatory, illegal, or that might violate the rights, harm, or threaten the safety of other Members, or other people in general or content that has generated a complaint which warrants further investigation. You may not post, transmit, or share content on the Site that You did not create or that You do not have permission to post. You understand and agree that We are not obliged to review the Site for copyright infringement and are not responsible for content posted by third parties without Our knowledge.
When You post content to the Site, You authorise and direct Us to make such copies thereof as We deem necessary in order to facilitate the posting and storage of such content. By posting content to any part of the Site, You grant, and You promise that You have the right to grant, to Us an irrevocable, perpetual, non-exclusive, transferable, fully paid, worldwide licence (with the right to sublicense) to use, copy, publicly perform, publicly display, reformat, translate, excerpt (in whole or in part) and distribute such content for any purpose on or in connection with the Site or the promotion thereof, to prepare derivative works of, or incorporate into other works, such content. You may remove Your content from the Site at any time by emailing us at hello@developerfusion.com.
You also agree that individuals who obtain it
from this site are free to use it in their own projects freely and without
restriction, and may distribute compiled versions of the code freely and without
restriction. By uploading code to this site, You asserts that he or she
owns that code or otherwise has the right to redistribute it freely.
Developer Fusion Ltd assumes no liability for disputes regarding ownership,
copyright, or trademarks of the code uploaded to this site.
Developer Fusion Ltd reserves the right to refuse to post any submission, to
alter a submission before posting it, and to remove a submission from the site
that had previously been posted. Developer Fusion Ltd may exercise this right
without any advance notice to the individual submitting the code or content.
The Site and its Contents
All content made available on the Site, including but not limited to designs, text, graphics, pictures, video, information, applications, software, music, sound and other files, and their selection and arrangement, are Our property or are licensed to Us with all rights reserved. Such content may not be modified, copied, distributed, framed, reproduced, republished, downloaded, displayed, posted, transmitted, or sold in any form or by any means, in whole or in part, without Our prior written consent. This excludes Your own content that You legally post to the Site.
Subject to the above, You may download insubstantial excerpts of Our content to Your hard disk for the purpose of viewing it provided that no more than one copy of any information is made.
Any use of Our content other than as specifically authorised in these Terms, without Our prior written consent, is strictly prohibited and will terminate the licence granted here. Such unauthorised use may also violate applicable laws including without limitation copyright and trademark laws. This licence is revocable at Our sole discretion, at any time and without notice.
Third party websites and content
Please be aware that the Site may link to other websites that may be accessed by You through the Site. Such third party websites are not investigated, monitored or checked for accuracy, appropriateness, or completeness by Us, and We are not responsible for any websites You may access via a recommendation or suggestion on the Site. Inclusion of, linking to or permitting the use or installation of any third party website or any third party applications, software or content does not imply approval or endorsement by Us. If You decide to leave the Site and access a third party website or to use or install any third party applications, software or content, You do so at Your own risk. We are not responsible for the data policies, content or security of these linked websites.
Your Conduct
We support the free flow of information and ideas over the Internet and do not actively monitor use of the Site, under normal circumstances, although We reserve the right to do so.
However We do seek to balance this aim with Our obligations to other Members and at law.
We therefore require that You do not:
say or do anything that would cause annoyance, inconvenience, harassment or needless anxiety to others;
advertise or promote third party or Your own products or services including by way of the distribution of spam mail;
use foul, threatening or offensive language including, without limitation, racist, sexist, ageist, homophobic or sexually explicit language where inappropriate;
make insulting remarks to or about other Members or any person generally;
distribute illegal, copyright infringing, indecent or offensive material or any messages or content that may incite disorder or encourage illegal activities or that causes or may cause harm to minors;
impersonate another person or Member or a moderator;
transfer files that contain viruses, trojans or other harmful programs;
upload, post, transmit, share, store or otherwise make available any content that we deem to be harmful, threatening, unlawful, defamatory, infringing, abusive, inflammatory, harassing, vulgar, obscene, fraudulent, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, hateful, or racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable;
upload, post, transmit, share, store or otherwise make available content that would constitute, encourage or provide instructions for a criminal offence, violate the rights of any party, or that would otherwise create liability or violate any local, state, national or international law;
use the Site to conduct any fraudulent activity including any "pyramid scheme"; "ponzi scheme" or "chain letter"; or
access or attempt to access the accounts of other Members or to penetrate or attempt to penetrate the Site security measures.
We may take any or all of the following actions at Our sole discretion:
remove any Member profile (including photographs) or other material that We deem inappropriate or We suspect to be illegal, may subject Us to liability or which may violate these Terms or where We are required to do so by law;
issue Members with verbal or written warnings and take such further action as We deem appropriate if such warnings are not heeded;
suspend or terminate a Member's access to certain area of the Site or a Member's account without notice at any time;
inform the appropriate authorities and provide them with information regarding any suspected illegal activity; or
bring legal action against a Member in relation to any breach of these Terms or any illegal or suspected illegal activity.
We will determine what action is appropriate to be taken against a Member on a case by case basis.
You are solely responsible for Your interactions with other Members.
We reserve the right, but have no obligation, to monitor disputes between You and other Members.
You acknowledge that We may be required by law or regulation to access, monitor, store or copy material sent by or to Members without further notice to You.
Privacy
Your security and that of all Our Members is very important to Us. Please read Our Privacy policy for important information regarding the use of Your personal data and Your rights in relation to this.
Our legal obligations and limits on liability
Whilst We will use all reasonable endeavours to correct any errors or omissions in Our content as soon as practicable once they have been brought to Our attention, We do not promise that the Site will be available uninterrupted and in a fully operating condition nor that the information on and provided via the Site will be free from errors or omissions.
Access to this Site and its contents may be suspended temporarily and without notice in the case of system failure, necessary maintenance or repair or for reasons beyond Our control.
All content and services on this Site are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. We do not make any promises to You in respect of the Site or its content, including, without limitation, information provided by or regarding other Members. Any decision made or action taken by You on the basis of information provided on or via the Site is at Your sole discretion and risk.
Due to the fact that many technical aspects of the Site and the content provided is supplied by or otherwise dependent on third parties, We are not responsible for the accuracy, suitability, reliability, completeness, performance, satisfactory quality, fitness for a particular purpose, or freedom from viruses, or other harmful programs of the content contained in or accessed through this Site.
We will not be liable for indirect losses which are a side effect of the main loss or damage and which are not reasonably foreseeable by You and Us at the time of entering into these Terms, for example loss of profits or loss of opportunity.
General
We shall not be liable for any failure or suspension of the Site, or for termination of access to the Site or access to any Site content, which arises from an event which is beyond Our reasonable control. An event beyond Our reasonable control shall include, without limitation, failure of infrastructure, government intervention, wars, civil commotion, hijacking, fire, flood, accident, storm, strikes, lockouts, terrorist attacks, or industrial action affecting Us or Our suppliers.
If any part of these Terms is disallowed or found to be ineffective by any court or regulator, the other provisions shall continue to apply.
In the event of any dispute between You and Us concerning these Terms, relevant United Kingdom law will apply. If You wish to take court proceedings against Us You must do so within the United Kingdom.
Complaints and feedback
If You have any complaints about another Member or any aspect of the Site or if You have any questions or would otherwise like to provide any other feedback, then You can contact Us by emailing hello@developerfusion.com or writing to Us at the address set out at the top of these Terms.
Copyright and Trademark Notices
All pages and graphics on this this Internet site are copyright © 1998-2020, Developer Fusion Ltd.
All rights reserved. The pages may not be redistributed or reproduced in any
way, shape, or form without the written permission of Developer Fusion Ltd.
Developer Fusion Ltd holds the copyright to all code on this site that is
designated as being authored by Developer Fusion Ltd. You are granted a
license to use this code under the following conditions:
You are free to modify the code in any way you see fit.
You are free to redistribute the code FOR NON-PROFIT PURPOSE provided that
appropriate credit is given to Developer Fusion Ltd, and
you do not charge any kind of fee for the code without the written
permission of Developer Fusion Ltd.
You are free to redistibute a binary compiled version of the code for any
purpose, profit or non-profit. If you distribute the code in this form, you
must give appropriate credit to Developer Fusion Ltd.
PUBLISHING THE CODE ON OTHER WEB SITES, OR POSTING THE CODE ON OTHER WEB
SITES FOR PUBLICATION WITHOUT THE WRITTEN PERMISSION OF Developer Fusion Ltd,
IS STRICTLY PROHIBITED.
Code not designated as being authored by Developer Fusion Ltd is subject to
the licensing restrictions of the code's author. However, at a minimum, authors
must grant users the rights described above, under Your content
For information regarding Developer Fusion Ltd's Privacy Policy click here.
Last modified: 13 October 2008
Contribute
Why not write for us? Or you could submit an event or a user group in your area. Alternatively just tell us what you think!
Web Development
ASP.NET Quickstart
Programming news
Java programming
ASP.NET tutorials
C# programming
Developer Jobs
ASP.NET Jobs
Java Jobs
Developer Jobs
Our tools
We've got automatic conversion tools to convert C# to VB.NET,
VB.NET to C#. Also you can compress javascript and
compress css and generate sql connection strings.
Join us
Sign in
United States
Username
Password
Cancel
“Most software today is very much like an Egyptian pyramid with millions of bricks piled on top of each other, with no structural integrity, but just done by brute force and thousands of slaves” - Alan Kay
Send feedback
Blog
About us
Contact us
Advertise
© 1999-2020 Developer Fusion Ltd
Managed hosting by Everycity