http://www.pchub.com/conditions-of-use
US Dollar
Euro
British Pound
Canadian Dollar
Australian Dollar
Japanese Yen
Singapore Dollar
Chinese Yuan Renminbi
Hong Kong Dollar
Russian Rouble
Indian Rupee
Swedish Krona
Register
Log in
Wishlist
(0)
Shopping cart
(0)
You have no items in your shopping cart.
Home
Laptop Spare Part
Replacement & Memory & HDD
Server Part & AC Adapter
Contact Us
Categories
Home
Laptop Spare Part
Replacement & Memory & HDD
Server Part & AC Adapter
Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
The PcHub.com website is comprised of various sub sites published, maintained or operated by PcHub.com Pte Ltd, its subsidiaries, and/or affiliates (collectively, the “Site”). PcHub.com provides its service to you conditioned on your acceptance without modification of the terms and conditions of use herein (“Terms”). When using a particular sub site accessible through this homepage or the shopping page, you shall be subject to additional terms and conditions of use applicable to such sub site.
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is very important to PcHub.com. For more information about how we collect and use your information, please click the privacy policy.
Copyright and Trademark Notice
This site is owned and operated by PcHub.com, Unless otherwise specified, all materials appearing on this site, including the text, logos, graphics, icons, and images, as well as the selection, assembly and arrangement thereof, are the sole property of PcHub.com, Copyright © 2002, All rights reserved. All audio and video clips are the sole property of PcHub.com or their respective content providers.
All software, program and site design, used on the site is the sole property of Sivrin Technologies Pte Ltd, Singapore or those supplying the software.
You may use the content of this site only for the purpose of shopping on this site or placing an order on this site and for no other purpose. No materials from this site may be copied, reproduced, modified, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted, or distributed in any form or by any means without PcHub.com and Sivrin Technology's' prior written permission. All rights not expressly granted herein are reserved. Any unauthorized use of the materials appearing on this site may violate copyright, trademark and other applicable laws and could result in criminal or civil penalties.
All custom graphics, icons, logos and service names are registered trademarks, or service marks of PcHub.com. All other trademarks or service marks are property of their respective owners. The use of any PcHub.com trademark or service mark without PcHub.com express written consent is strictly prohibited.
Links
This site may contain links to other sites on the Internet that are owned and operated by third parties. You acknowledge that PcHub.com is not responsible for the operation of or content located on or through any such site. Links provided on this Web site are for your convenience only. Access them at your own risk. Linked sites are neither under the control of nor endorsed by PcHub.com.
Your Right to Use the Site and Its Contents
Unless specified otherwise, the Site is provided only for your personal and non-commercial use. You may not distribute, display, exchange, modify, publish, produce, sell or transmit audio, video, text, images, software, graphics, logos, data and other material (“Content”) obtained from this Site. As long as you comply with the Terms, PcHub.com grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited right to enter, display and use this Site. You agree not to interrupt or attempt to interrupt the operation of this Site in any way.
Availability of Products and Services
The items and services displayed on the Site may not be available for shipping even though you have placed an order and made payment and an invoice has been sent to you. See below Order Acceptance Policy.
Order Acceptance Policy
Your receipt of an electronic or other form of order confirmation or invoice does not signify our acceptance of your order, nor does it constitute confirmation of our offer to sell.
PcHub.com reserves the right at any time after receipt of your order, with prior notice to you and with your acceptance, to supply less than the quantity you ordered of any item. Some of the circumstances under which PcHub.com usually cancel the order are :
»
Due to defects or damages found at the time of shipping and there is no stock available to fulfill the order. It is our usual practice to test all products sold with warranty before posting them on the website. However certain products like LCD panel, hard disk etc. are to be retested before we ship.
»
Due to errors in the product description, quantity and pricing posted on our website.
»
Due to any typographical errors.
You agree that the order acknowledgment or invoice we send to you by email or display for your viewing after you have placed an order and you have wire transferred or made payment through your credit card is not a contract and that does not constitute an acceptance of your order.
By placing an order, you accept and agree that the total liability of PcHub.com under any legal terms or claims of whatsoever shall be limited to the amount of money you have actually paid solely and only for placing the order, when your order is rejected or limited by PcHub.com, PcHub.com shall immediately refund back the amount so received to your credit card account or bank account.
A contract of sale and purchase is constituted only at the time PcHub.com ship out the product and send you a shipping acknowledgment by email.
Disclaimer and Limitation of Liability (Products)
By visiting and purchase from our website, user and buyer agree that the limit of liability of PcHub.com in providing service or/and selling any item in its website shall be limited to the actual value of item purchased by the buyer or limited to US$2,000.00 whichever is lower, should there be any damages of whatever nature, or on whatever situation and condition, any special and incidental damage, directly or indirectly damage, or any economic consequential damage involving loss of profit or saving arising the usage of services and items PcHub.com is providing and selling.
The liability of PcHub.com is ended at the expiry of the warranty period of the item/s purchased by the buyer and there shall be no claim of whatever nature and no claim of refund of whatever situation is made by the buyer.
Disclaimer of warranties (website)
The Site is provided on an “as is” basis and may include inaccuracies or typographical errors. You expressly understand and agree that your use of this Site is at your own risk. PcHub.com disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. PcHub.com makes no representations or warranties that the service will be available, suitable, reliable, timeliness, secure, error-free, lack of virus or other harmful components. PcHub.com will not be liable for any damages arising from your use of this Site, including, but not limited to direct, indirect, incidental, punitive, and consequential damages, whether based on contract, tort, negligence, or strict liability. In case any portion of the above limitation does not apply to you, your sole remedy is to discontinue using the Site
Jurisdiction and Venue
You agree that any legal action brought against PcHub.com, shall be submitted to confidential arbitration in the Singapore except that, to the extent you have in any manner violated or threatened to violate PcHub.com intellectual property rights, PcHub.com may seek injunctive or other appropriate relief in any court of any countries, and you consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in such courts. Arbitration under this agreement shall be conducted under the rules then prevailing of the Singapore arbitration Association. The arbitrator's award shall be binding and may be entered as a judgment in any court of competent jurisdiction. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, no arbitration under this agreement shall be joined to an arbitration involving any other party subject to this agreement, whether through class arbitration proceedings or otherwise. The prevailing party shall recover attorney’s fees and costs from the non-prevailing party
Please review all of our other policies posted on this site. These policies also govern your visit to PcHub.com. PcHub.com reserves the right, without limitation, to make changes to this site, all policies, and to these Terms and Conditions at any time. Please check this statement from time to time for any changes we may have made to any of the aforementioned. If any of these conditions shall be deemed invalid, void, or for any reason unenforceable, that condition shall be deemed severable and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining condition
Feedback
We welcome your feedback. Should you feel dissatisfied with any of our goods or services, please contact us at Tel: (+65) 63378445, Fax: (+65) 63373184, Email: care@pchub.com
Alternatively, customers may refer their complaints to the BusinessTrust Secretariat if they are not satisfied with the resolution of the complaint. Complaints can be referred to
BusinessTrust Secretariat Mr. Ramesh Vakkiprath35, Selegie Road, #09-25, Parklane, Singapore 188307 Email: ramesh@cnsg.com.sg http://www.commercetrust.com.sg
© 2002 - 2018 PcHub.com All rights reserved
Information
Sitemap
Payment Information
Warranty for International Buyer
Shipping & Returns
Privacy notice
Terms & Conditions
About us
Contact Us
Customer service
Search
News
Blog
Recently viewed products
Compare products list
New products
My account
My account
Orders
Addresses
Shopping cart
Wishlist
Apply for vendor account
Follow us
Facebook
RSS
Newsletter
Wait...
Copyright © 2020 PcHub.com - Spare Parts for Laptops, Servers & Automation. All rights reserved.