https://www.keyware.com/en/privacy-statement
Keyware uses cookies to offer you a better experience. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Learn more?
OK
NL
|
FR
ABOUT KEYWARE
SOLUTIONS & SERVICES
EVENTS & NEWS
INVESTOR
CONTACT
MEDIA
COMMERCIAL
PRIVACY STATEMENT
Privacy Statement - version 201805
PRIVACY STATEMENT
YOUR PRIVACY AND KEYWARE GROUP DATA SECURITY
At Keyware Group we are concerned with your right to privacy and data security. Below are the guidelines we use for protecting the information you provide us when you visit our web sites.
COLLECTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
In a few specific areas on our web site, we ask you to provide us with some necessary information that will enable us to provide the requested service and/or order. It is completely optional for you to participate: the choice to do so is entirely yours.
For example, we request information from you when you want to receive information about our product/services, order paper rolls, when applying for a job, …. In these occasions we can ask your name, your company name, e-mail address, phone number, address, type of business, registration number, your comments, as well as other similar information that is needed for action you contacting us for.
We may also collect information relating to your use of our Web sites through the use of various technologies. For example, when you visit our Web sites, we may log certain information that your browser sends us, such as your IP address, browser type and language, access time, and referring Web site addresses. We may also collect information about the pages you view within our sites and other actions you take while visiting us. In addition, we may also use such technologies to determine whether you’ve opened an e-mail or clicked on a link contained in an e-mail. Collecting information in this manner allows us to collect statistics about our Web sites usage and effectiveness and personalize your experience while you are on our Web sites, as well as tailor our interactions with you.
USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
The following paragraphs describe in more detail how Keyware Group may use your personal information.
We only use your personal information for specific purposes.
The information you provide us will be kept confidential within the KEYWARE Group and will solely be used to support your relationship with KEYWARE group. It is our goal:
to help you quickly find information on KEYWARE Group
personalizing your experience on our Web Sites
You can easily opt-out of receiving further information from KEYWARE Group
We will/can send you information about our various products and services, or about other products and services we feel may be of interest to you. Only Keyware Group will send you these direct mailings. If you do not want to receive such mailings simply tell us. In the case of newsletters or mailing lists, you will be able to 'unsubscribe' to these mailings at any time, otherwise you can easily opt-out of receiving further information from KEYWARE Group at any time by sending an e-mail to info@be.keyware.com.
We will not disclose your personal information to any outside organization for its use in without your consent.
Information regarding you (such as name, address and phone number) will not be given or sold to any outside organization for its use in marketing or solicitation without your prior consent. Third party Internet sites and services accessible through this web site have separate privacy and data collection practices, independent of us. Keyware Group has no responsibility or liability for these independent policies or actions.
We can transfer your personal data to third parties in connection with operating our business.
Data may be transferred to or from our third parties, it may also be processed by these third parties and/or by our and their respective employees and service providers. We will take steps to ensure that these third parties will only process data in accordance with our instructions and take appropriate security measures to protect your data.
This may include the transfer of data to other jurisdictions for processing at a destination outside the European Economic Area (EEA) which may not provide the same level of protection of personal data as within the EEA. By submitting your personal data or using our products and services, you agree to this transfer, storage and processing.
We will retain your registration information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services.
If you wish to request that we no longer use your registration information to provide you services contact us by e-mail at info@be.keyware.com. We will retain and use your registration information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
We want to help you keep your personal information accurate.
You can request the individual information that KEYWARE Group has collected about you via the Internet at info@be.keyware.com.
SECURITY AND THE PROTECTION OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We store information you provide to us on secure servers and deploy appropriate technical and organizational security measures in the storage and disclosure of your personal data to try to prevent unauthorized access or loss.
We take precautions that we deem to be reasonably necessary to help ensure Personal information is treated securely. When our registration/order forms ask users to enter financial information, such as a credit card number, that information is encrypted and is protected with an encryption protocol.
Most modern web browsers should indicate when a user is on a secure page, for example some web browsers show a locked padlock icon at the bottom of the screen. While we take these steps to maintain the security of your information, you should be aware of the many information security risks that exist and take appropriate care to help safeguard your information. The nature of the internet is such that we cannot guarantee the security of the information you transmit to us electronically, and any transmission is at your own risk.
COOKIES AND CLICKING
Via our website we can use cookies that your browser stores on your computer. A cookie is a small and simple file that is stored on your computer's hard disk. You can tune your browser to not receiving any cookies when visiting our website. However, if you do so this might limit your options to use all the services our website offers.
Our website can register visitor data to compute the appeal of the various website sections. This information will be used only to upgrade our website.
More information about cookies is detailed in the Cookie setting
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY STATEMENT
KEYWARE Group may at any time make changes to these Privacy Statement by posting revised Privacy Statement on the site. It is your responsibility to check periodically for any changes we make to the Privacy Statement. We therefore advise you to consult this privacy statement frequently to check any such change. Your continued use of the site after any changes to the Privacy statement means you accept the changes.
Privacy Statement - version 201805