http://www.creative-corner.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Menu
Home
About Us
Services
Hosting
Design
Management
Portfolio
News
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
This policy sets out the basis on which any personal data that we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by Creative Corner.
For the purpose of the Data Protection Act 1998 (the Act), the data controller is:
Richard Heywood
Creative Corner
6 Lowther Road
Norwich
Norfolk
NR4 6QW
Email: support@creative-corner.co.uk
Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it. By submitting personal data to us, you agree to us using your data as follows.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
We may collect and process the following data about you:
Information that you provide by filling in contact forms on our website. We collect the personal information you give us such as your name, school/organisation and email address.
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
When you browse our site, we also automatically receive your computer’s internet protocol (IP) address in order to provide us with information that helps us learn about your browser and operating system so we can better improve the experience for all our users.
If you email us, we may keep a record of that correspondence.
What we do with your information
We place the utmost importance on your privacy, so please rest assured that any personal information that you give us will remain securely stored and will never be sold or passed to any third-party organisations for the purposes of marketing or promotion. We will only ask you for information that we feel we must have in order to ensure that we can meet your needs and expectations as efficiently and effectively as possible.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
If you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select 'Remember Me', your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Under new Data Protection (GDPR) regulations, we must ask for your consent to the use of Cookies as described. By clicking through to this page, we will assume you are happy to continue using our website based on the information given in this Privacy Policy. Alternatively, please go to the option provided on your internet browser to delete or block Cookies if you so wish.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Who we share your data with
We may disclose your personal information to third parties:
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation or to protect the rights, property, or safety of us or any of our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognise and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website, we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
Contact information received via our contact form or email may be retained indefinitely.
What rights you have over your data
You have the right to see, change and complain about your data.
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us.
You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
You may decide at any time that you no longer wish to receive communications from Creative Corner. You may withdraw consent by contacting support@creative-corner.co.uk
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Web Services
All web servers and hosting are managed by Heart Internet. This includes website hosting, backups, web databases, file storages, APIs, and log files. Heart's privacy statement can be found here: https://www.heartinternet.uk/terms/heart-internet-privacy-statement
Changes to the Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time, so please review it frequently. Changes and clarifications will take effect immediately upon their posting on the website. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you that it has been updated, so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we use and/or disclose it.
Privacy policy last updated: May 22nd 2018
Designed, produced, hosted & maintained by Creative CornerHome • Log in • Dashboard • Privacy Policy
Home
About Us
Services
Hosting
Design
Management
Portfolio
News
Contact Us
Close