http://www.snapserver.com/privacy
Products
Support
Service
Support Programs
Warranty Terms
Repairs and Spares
Coverage
Enhancements
Service Options Details
Log In
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy (Privacy Policy) sets forth the privacy practices for www.snapserver.com, www.hvec.net and online services providing access to HVE, or HVE software products (collectively, the “Site”).
Effective Date: December 20, 2019
This policy is intended to inform you about:
What personal information of yours or third-party personal information is collected from you via the Site;
Who collects the information;
How the information is used;
With whom we may share the information;
Your options regarding collection, use and distribution of your information;
Our security procedures that protect loss, misuse or alteration of information under our control; and
How you can correct your information.
If you have questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us by e-mail at legal@snapserver.com.
Information Collection and Use
We gather information about the users of the Site that may include both non-personally identifiable and personally identifiable information, for one or more of the following reasons, as applicable:
the need to process your personal information for contract performance or to take steps to enter into a contract with you;
compliance with our legal obligations and maintaining our rights under the terms of the contract(s);
Our legitimate business interests, including operating our business properly, marketing and improving our services, protecting against fraud and other liabilities, guaranteeing the security of our networks and systems;
Non-Personally Identifiable Information
When visitors come to the Site, we may collect and aggregate non-personally identifiable information indicating, among other things, which pages were visited, the order in which they were visited and which hyperlinks were clicked. Collecting such information involves the logging of IP addresses, operating system and browser software used by each visitor to the Site. Although this information is not personally identifiable, we can determine from the IP address a visitor's Internet Service Provider and the geographic location of his or her point of connectivity.
The non-personally identifiable information that we collect helps us, among other things, to monitor our internal operations, improve our services, identify the most popular areas of the Site and determine the effectiveness of our services and promotional activities. It also helps us make available higher quality and more useful online services by performing statistical analyses of the collective characteristics and behavior of the users of the Site, and by measuring demographics and interests regarding specific areas of the Site.
Personally Identifiable Information
When visitors come to the Site, we may also collect personally identifiable information, like the logging of IP addresses, which may also determine the visitors Internet Service Provider and the geographic location of his or her point of connectivity. Outside of IP address and geographic location, we do not collect any other information that personally identifies you unless you provide it. We explicitly ask for information that personally identifies you in the following instances, as applicable:
Registration
You may be asked to register before accessing certain areas on the Site. We may require specific contact information (this may include one, a number, or all of the following: your name, phone number, geographic location, company name and e-mail address). This information is used to contact you about the services you are requesting on the Site or as otherwise described in this Policy. We also may ask you for additional information (such as the hardware and operating system that you use), so we can give you a more customized experience and assess and improve our products. We may also collect information such as the computer equipment you are using, versions of the operating system, system software or platforms you are using,
Ordering Products
If you are ordering a product, you need to give us your contact information (such as your name and shipping address) and financial information (such as your credit card number and its expiration date). We use this information for billing purposes and to fulfill your order, and to contact you if we have trouble processing your order. We may also use this information to contact you regarding our products or services. This information may be gathered by phone with one of our sales representatives, or this information may be gathered online through our self-service support site that is available only to customers with a registered warranty at this link: https://www.snapserver.com/support.
Newsletters
We may ask for your contact information (such as your name and e-mail address) if you wish to subscribe to our newsletters.
Surveys and Contests
Occasionally we offer surveys and contests for which we require user information (such as your name and shipping address). Participation in these surveys and contests is voluntary. Please see the specific promotion for contest rules, if applicable.
Survey information will be used to determine future product development, gain more insight into our users and improve the Site. We will use contact information that you submit to us in entering a contest to notify winners and award prizes.
Do Not Track
HVE's contact input forms (based on the marketing system vendor, Pardot), optionally respects the “Do Not Track” headers and does not use cookie-based tracking for any visitors with that setting enabled. When the "Do Not Track" is enabled, the following are not tracked: Page views; Form and landing page views; File downloads; and Custom redirect clicks. However, even when the “Do Not Track” is enabled, the following remain tracked: Form and landing page submissions and Email sends, opens, and clicks.
Sharing Information
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners and advertisers.
We may share personally identifiable information in the following instances:
We may use an outside shipping company to ship orders and a credit card or finance processing company to bill users for products and services.
We may partner with other companies to provide specific services. When you sign up for these services, we will share your name and other necessary contact information with the relevant partner.
Business Transfers
As we continue to develop our business, we might sell or buy companies or assets. In such transactions, customer information generally is one of the transferred business assets. Also, in the event that HVE, Inc. is acquired or sells some or all of its assets and/or subsidiaries, customer information might be one of the transferred assets.
Information Retention
We will retain your personal information as long as necessary to achieve the purpose for which it was collected, usually for the duration of any contractual relationship and for any period thereafter as legally required or permitted by applicable law.
Links
This Site contains links to third-party sites. We urge you to read the privacy policies of every third-party web site, especially if it collects any personally identifiable information. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or security of other sites. This Privacy Policy applies only to information collected by HVE.
Security
When you submit personally identifiable information to us on the Site, your information is encrypted unless otherwise indicated. While on a secure page on our Site, such as our order form, the lock icon on the bottom of web browsers such as Firefox, Chrome and Microsoft Internet Explorer become “locked”, as opposed to unlocked or open, when you are just “surfing.”
E-mails you send us are not necessarily secure when they are transmitted to us. If your communication is sensitive or includes highly confidential information, or if you have any other concerns regarding your electronic communications with us, you may want to provide it by postal mail or via the telephone instead.
If you have any questions about the security of this Site, you can send an e-mail to privacy@snapserver.com, or privacy@hvec.net.
Additional Information
It sometimes is necessary for us to supplement the information that we receive from you with information from third-party sources.
Special Offers
New customers/partners may receive a welcoming e-mail to verify password and username. Established customers/partners occasionally will receive information on products, services, special deals and a newsletter. If you prefer not to receive these types of communications, please see the Choice/Opt-out section below.
Site and Service Updates
We also may send our users announcements about the Site and service updates via e-mail or phone. [You cannot unsubscribe from service announcements while you are a customer as they contain important service information. However, you may unsubscribe from email communications as indicated below.]
Correction/Updating Personal Information
If you need to update your personal information or wish to cancel services, please e-mail our Customer Support at warranty@snapserver.com or contact us at warranty@hvec.net or log into our support site.
Your Choices and Rights
You can choose to no longer receive email communications from us by contacting us at privacy@snapserver.com or by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link in the email communications sent to you, except that we may continue to communicate with you in order to provide services or products you have requested. Providing us with your personal information is optional, but if you choose not to provide that information, it may impact the Service that we can provide to you, as well as result in your product warranty being invalid.
You may also choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information by looking for checkboxes to indicate whether or not you want the information to be used by us or our third-party affiliates for direct marketing purposes when you complete forms on our website.
In some countries, you have the right to request access to, correction of, restriction of, and deletion of your personal information. You also have the right to request that we transmit to you or to another controller your personal information that you have provided to us for a contract or with your consent. You can also object to our processing of your personal information in certain cases. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority.
You can exercise any of these rights, if they apply to you, free of charge by contacting us at privacy@snapserver.com or privacy@hvec.net. A data protection officer has been designated by our company to address such matters. However, we may charge a reasonable fee or refuse to act on a request if it is unfounded or excessive. When examining your claim, we will ask that you provide sufficient information to identify yourself before granting your request. In some cases, we may refuse to act or impose limitations on your rights, for instance if your request is likely to adversely affect the rights and freedom of our company and others, prejudice the execution or enforcement of the law, interfere with pending or future litigation, or violate applicable law.
Other Tracking Methods
We also may use cookies that allow us to serve visitors of the Site better and more efficiently. Cookies are small text files placed on a visitor's computer's hard drive if permitted by the web browser. Among other things, cookies make it easier for users to access the Site and services, and help us track the pages that visitors go to, determine the length of time visitors spend at any particular area of the Site, and track the services visitors choose to use. Most browsers initially are set up to accept cookies. However, usually you can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or indicate when a cookie is being sent. Some parts of this Site may not function properly if you refuse cookies. For information on whether cookies will be accepted by your web browser, please refer to the documentation accompanying your web browser. To learn more about cookies and other automatic data collection tools, please visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org/.
We have engaged one or more third-party service providers to track and analyze usage and volume statistical information about visitors to our Site. The service provider(s) set cookies on behalf of our company. We also use other third-party cookies to track the effectiveness of our Site and to advertise our products and services, as well as those of our partners and affiliates. The providers that track visitors to our sites are Google Analytics, imPartner / TreeHouse and Pardot.
Our ad partners deliver ads for us and may combine the information collected or obtained from us with other information they have independently collected from other websites and/or other online or mobile products and services relating to your browser's activities across their network of websites.
Notification of Changes
Please note that we review our Privacy Policy and practices from time to time, and that our practices are subject to change. Any changes we make will be effective immediately upon posting on the Site. We may send notices of any material changes to the email address or other means of communication we have on file for you, if any. For purposes of clarity, any such changes are deemed effective immediately, even if we choose not to send notices to you. The latest version of our Privacy Policy can be viewed at http://www.snapserver.com/privacy or http://www.hvec.net/site/privacy.html. We urge you to bookmark and review frequently this page to ensure continuing familiarity with the most current version of our Privacy Policy.