http://www.softtreetech.com/privacy.htm
Home
Search
Contact Us
Products
SQL  Assistant
24x7 Scheduler
DB Audit and Security 360
Purchase
Order On-line
Order by Phone, Fax, Email
License Fees & Upgrades
Resellers
Services
Professional Services
Outsourcing
Support
Contact Support
On-line Support
Patches & Upgrades
On-line Documentation
Blogs
Company
Company & Customers
Resellers & Partners
Contact Us
Online Privacy Statement
We at SoftTree Technologies recognize the importance of protecting your personal information and we are committed to safeguarding your privacy online. This Statement discloses the information practices for SoftTree Technologies' and our affiliates’
It applies to SoftTree Technologies web sites that link to this Statement.
Collection of Personal Information
You may choose to give us personal information directly in a variety of situations. For example, you may want to give us your name and contact information to communicate with you, to order a product, to process an order, to register for a service, to provide you with a subscription, or to do business with us if you are a supplier or a business partner. You may also provide your credit card details to buy something from us or may share a description of your work experience in connection with a job opening at SoftTree Technologies for which you wish to be considered. If you tell us that you do not want us to use your information to make further contact with you beyond fulfilling your request, we will respect your wishes.
We may also collect information relating to your use of our Web sites, we may log certain information that your browser sends us, such as your IP address, browser type and language, access time, and referring Web site addresses, and we may collect information about the pages you view within our sites and other actions you take while visiting us. In addition, some of our software products include technologies that allow SoftTree Technologies to collect certain diagnostic information about product use and stability. We may also use such technologies to determine whether you've clicked on a link contained in an e-mail. The information that we collect, either directly or indirectly, is used to help us improve overall accuracy and performance of our web sites and products.
Use of Personal Information
The following paragraphs describe in more detail how SoftTree Technologies may use your personal information.
Fulfilling your Transaction Request - If you request something from SoftTree Technologies, for example, a product or service, a callback, or specific marketing materials, we will use the information you provide to fulfill your request. In connection with a transaction, we may also contact you as part of our customer satisfaction surveys or for market research purposes.
Personalizing your Experience on our Web Sites - We may use information we collect about you to provide you with a personalized experience on our Web sites, such as providing you with content in which you may be interested and making navigation on our sites easier.
Providing Support - We may use your personal information to support products or services you have obtained from us, such as notifying you of a product update or fix.
In the course of providing technical support to you, we may sometimes have incidental access to data that you have provided to us or data that is located on your system. This data may contain information about you, your organization’s employees, customers, partners, or suppliers. This Privacy Statement does not apply to our access to or handling of this information.
Recruitment - In connection with a job application or inquiry, whether advertised on an SoftTree Technologies Web site or otherwise, you may provide us with information about yourself, such as a resume. We may use this information throughout SoftTree Technologies in order to address your inquiry or consider you for employment purposes. Unless you tell us not to do so, we may keep the information for future consideration.
Information Security and Accuracy
Information Security - We take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of data. We restrict access to your personally identifying information to employees who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our services. We provide mechanisms for updating and correcting your personally identifying information for many of our services.
You may send an e-mail or letter to the following e-mail or street address requesting access to or correction of your personally identifiable information:
Privacy Manager
SoftTree Technologies
E-mail:privacy@softtreetech.com
Secure Shopping & Registration Guarantee - The purchase and registration areas of our site (OnLineShop) are secure. This means that any information you send us is protected by encryption to prevent unauthorized access to your information. The secure site is indicated in the URL with the use of "https://", and often reflected at the bottom of your browser with a lock or key graphic.
Retention
We will retain your registration information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. If you wish to request that we no longer use your registration information to provide you services please contact us.
Browser Cookies
Cookies are typically categorized as "session" cookies or "persistent" cookies. Session cookies help you navigate through the Web site efficiently, keeping track of your progression from page to page so that you are not asked for information you have already provided during the current visit. Session cookies are stored in temporary memory and erased when the web browser is closed. Persistent cookies, on the other hand, store user preferences for current and successive visits. They are written on your device's hard disk, and are still valid when you restart your browser.
Online Advertising
SoftTree Technologies does not deliver third party online advertisements on our Web sites but we advertise our products and services on others' Web sites.
Links to Non-SoftTree Technologies Web Sites
We may provide you with general links to non-SoftTree Technologies Web sites. Your use of these links and applications is subject to the third parties’ privacy policies, and you should become familiar with the third party sites' privacy policies before using the links or applications. SoftTree Technologies is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of those other Web sites.
Privacy Policy
Contact us
Partners & Resellers
Become a Partner
© Copyright , SoftTree Technologies, Inc.