http://www.shopncook.com/privacy-policy/
The following statement explains our policy regarding the personal information we collect about you.
From time to time, you may submit personal information about yourself (e.g. name, email address) in order to receive services on our website. Such services include newsletter, survey, purchase, account on the Direct Access recipe database or synchronization account. By entering your details in the requested fields, you enable Rufenacht Innovative to provide you with the services you select. Whenever you provide such personal information, we will treat it in accordance with this policy. The personal information collected is not shared with third-party unless necessary to provide you with the services you selected.
During the course of a visit to Rufenacht Innovative, a cookie may be downloaded to your computer. The information supplied by cookies helps us track the sites that referred you to our pages to allow us to credit our affiliates.
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States . Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.
This site implements and uses Display Advertising, including remarketing via Google Analytics, meaning that third-party vendors, including Google, show our ads on sites across the Internet, using cookies to inform, optimize, and serve ads based on your past visits to this website. You can opt-out of it by using this browser add-on.
You may also refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
English