https://www.hipposolutions.com/privacy-policy/
/*
Template Name: Basic Template 1
*/
(615) 656-0465 info@hipposolutions.com
HippoSolutions.com Privacy Policy Effective Date: January 5, 2018 THE FOLLOWING DESCRIBES THE INFORMATION THAT HIPPOSOLUTIONS.COM COLLECTS AND HOW IT USES SUCH INFORMATION.   PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE.   BY USING THE SERVICES OR SUBMITTING PERSONAL INFORMATION THROUGH THE SERVICES, YOU EXPRESSLY CONSENT TO THE PROCESSING AND USE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION ACCORDING TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY. Privacy Statement Hippo Solutions, Inc. (“Company”) is committed to safeguarding your privacy online. This privacy policy applies to Your information that Company collects and receives.  By using this website, HippoSolutions.com (“Website”), You agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy. Please read the following policy to understand how Your Personal Information will be treated as You use the Services. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices.  All capitalized terms not defined in this Privacy Policy have the same meaning as defined in our Terms of Use.  Personal Information Defined For this Privacy Policy, “Personal Information” means information that is personally identifiable to a User as well as other non-public information that is associated with a User. Company collects and uses Personal Information as described in this Privacy Policy from the Users of our Services. Browsing the Website If You browse through the Website without entering any Personal Information, Company will automatically gather and store certain information about Your visit. This information does not identify You personally and cannot be linked back to You unless You decide at some point to identify Yourself. If You are only browsing, Company may collect the following information (whenever possible): IP address, domain name, the type of browser and operating system used to access the Website, the date and time You access the Website, the pages You visit (click-through), and if You linked to the Website from another website, the address of that website as well as additional information related to Your visit. Cookies Company may place “cookies” on Your personal computer. “Cookies” are small identifiers sent from a web server and stored on Your computer’s hard drive, similar to a license plate, that help Company to recognize You if You visit the Website again. Company use cookies to record session information, such as record user-specific information on what pages You access or visit, record past activity in order to provide better service when You return to the Website, to customize Website content based on Your browser type, and to track how You found the Website. Cookies are not designed to be used to get data from Your hard drive, Your e-mail, or any other personal data about You. To protect Your privacy, Company does not use cookies to store or transmit any Personal Information about You on the Internet. You can reject cookies by changing Your browser settings. Please note, however, that if You reject our cookies, it is possible that some web pages may not properly load, Your access to certain information might be denied, or You might have to enter information about Yourself more than once. Personal Information Company Collects Company collects Personal Information that You submit voluntarily.  This may include Your name, location, e-mail address, and telephone numbers.  Personal Information may also include other personally identifiable information You may affirmatively provide to us. COPPA Compliance/Minors
Company does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information by anyone under the age of 13.   Do not sign up for an Account if You are under the age of 13 and do not provide Company with any information regarding any individual under the age of 13. Use of Personal Information
Personal Information You submit to Company, or to third parties that support us in collecting information, is used by us to provide You and other Users with the Services, to respond to requests that You make, to improve our Services, and to operate, maintain, and improve the features, functionality, performance, and support of the Services. Company uses the Personal Information that its gathers about You for the following purposes:
To provide our Services to You, to communicate with You about Your use of the Services, to respond to Your inquiries, which may include communicating with You via email To tailor the content and information that Company may send or display to You while using the Website or the Services For marketing and promotional purposes. For example, Company may use Your information, such as Your email address, to send You news and newsletters, special offers, and promotions, or to otherwise contact You about products or information Company thinks may interest You, including the products and services of promotional partners. Company also may use the information that Company learns about You to assist us in advertising our Services on third party websites. To better understand how users access and use the Website and Services, both on an aggregated and individualized basis, to improve the Website and Services and respond to user desires and preferences, and for other research and analytical purposes
Feedback If You provide feedback about the Services, Company may use and disclose such feedback for any purpose, provided Company does not associate such feedback with Your Personal Information. Company will collect any information contained in such feedback and will treat the Personal Information in it in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Disclosure of Personal Information Except as otherwise stated in this Privacy Policy, Company does not disclose to or share Your Personal Information with third parties, unless You ask or authorize Company to do so.   Company may provide Your Personal Information to third party service providers and suppliers who work on behalf of or with Company to provide You with some of the Services and features of the Services and to help us communicate with Users. However, these service providers and suppliers do not have any independent right to use this information except to help Company provide the Services.  Company may share some or all of Your Personal Information with any parent company, subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under a common control (collectively, “Affiliates”), in which case Company will require Affiliates to honor this Privacy Policy. California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance Company values Your privacy and has taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. Company therefore will not distribute Your Personal Information to outside parties except as permitted under this Privacy Policy. Mergers
In the event Company goes through a business transition such as a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, Your Personal Information will likely be among the assets transferred. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of Company or its assets may continue to use Your Personal Information as set forth in this Privacy Policy. Legal Obligation to Disclose Company may (and You authorize us to) disclose information Company has collected from and about You (including Personal Information) if Company believes in good faith that such disclosure is necessary to: (a) comply with relevant laws or to respond to subpoenas or warrants served on us; (b) to enforce our Company Terms of Use and Privacy Policy; or (c) to protect and defend the rights or property of us, the users of our Services, or third parties. Information Sharing On occasion Company will make available to potential advertisers, research firms, and business partners aggregated results from research it has conducted regarding visitors to the Website. Company may count, track, and aggregate visitor activity into our analysis of general traffic flows to the Website and may merge this information into group data, which may then be shared on an aggregated basis with potential advertisers, research firms, and business partners. In such case, Company will only provide demographic information on an aggregated basis and does not disclose individual reader information.  Links to Other Web Sites The Website may contain links to Third Party Sites that are not owned or controlled by Company. The provision of such links is for Your convenience and does not signify Company’s endorsement of such websites or location or its contents. Company has no control over, does not review and is not responsible for the privacy policies of or content displayed on Third Party Sites. Please be aware that the terms of this Privacy Policy do not apply to Third Party Sites. Opting Out/CAN-SPAM Act Compliance Company has taken the necessary steps to ensure that it is compliant with the CAN-SPAM Act of 2003.   Therefore, You may opt-out of receiving marketing emails from Company. If You wish to exercise this right, please contact us at info@hipposolutions.com and state that You want to opt-out of receiving emails from Company.  Notification of Privacy Statement Changes From time to time, Company may use Personal Information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in this Privacy Policy.  If Company’s information practices change at some time in the future, Company will post the policy changes to this Website to notify You of these changes and provide You with the ability to opt out of these new uses.  If You are concerned about how Your information is used, You should check back at this Website periodically. Contacting the Company If You have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this Website, or Your dealings with this Website, please contact Company by email at info@hipposolutions.com or in writing at PO Box 680024 Franklin, TN 37068-0024.
×