https://www.iizt.com/privacy-policy/
Search
BlogPortfolioAbout UsServicesThis privacy policy describes the personal data collected or generated when you use www.iizt.com website. This Policy describes which personal data collected when you use our website and how your personal data is used by us, shared and protected. It also explains how can you manage your personal data and how you can reach us.SECTION 1- WHAT PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT AND WHENWe may ask you to provide a certain personal data the moment you use our website. It is not obligatory. The following personal data is being collected:
Contact details: Name, email, phone number
Marketing and cookie preferences
We also automatically receive your computer’s internet protocol (IP) address in order to provide us with information that helps us learn about your browser and operating system.We do not collect additional personal information, such as your, age, gender, interests or other. It is not used for any additional purpose, such as to profile those who access our website.Intended use of personal data. You can visit our website without any subscription. However, in order you would like to get marketing updates from IIZT, for example about latest marketing and business trends, we request your personal data.SECTION 2 – WHY AND HOW WE PROCESS YOUR INFORMATIONWe use your personal data and collect users data in order:
To communicate to you data about marketing and business trends, events or any other information related to our company. When we ask you to leave your email address we ask if you would like to get updates from IIZT. In case you agreed on it we may use the email address provided to send you marketing communications about IIZT, unless you have opted-out. Subscribers of Social War section of IIZT website we may provide with the latest findings of Social War research about the best performing fashion brands on social media to keep you informed and help your business strategy. In case you would like us to adapt your rights and use of your personal data, modify your subscription or to opt-out of receiving IIZT website communication, please contact us via the email info@iizt.com. If you would like to unsubscribe from the mailing, you can click “Unsubscribe” link in the mailing we have sent to you. We always ask for your consent to send you
any marketing information about IIZT.
To improve and operate our business. In some cases, we may use the personal information you provide to maintain our business and improve your customer experience. For example, to solve the technical and service problems or for accounting, auditing and other internal functions.
For marketing analysis. We use Google Analytics to track visitors on our website and understand customer behavior and preferences. We may use information about how visitors of IIZT website are searching through the website to better understand the best ways to organize our website and make it more convenient for you to use.SECTION 3 – CONSENTHow do you get my consent?
If we ask for your personal information for a reason, like marketing, we will ask you directly for your expressed consent and provide you with an opportunity to say no.
How do I withdraw my consent?
If after you opt-in, you change your mind, you may withdraw your consent for us to contact you, for the continued collection, use or disclosure of your information, at anytime, by contacting us at info@iizt.com or mailing us at:IIZT B.V.
Prinseneiland 305
1013LP Amsterdam
The NetherlandsSECTION 4 – DISCLOSUREWe may disclose your personal information if we are required by law to do so or if you violate our Terms of Service.SECTION 5 – THIRD-PARTY SERVICESIn general, the third-party providers used by us will only collect, use and disclose your information to the extent necessary to allow them to perform the services they provide to us.
MailChimp
The personal data of our subscribers and contacts may be collected and transferred to MailChimp via pop-up and embedded forms. We transfer a personal data only if we obtain consent from our customers and contacts to send their information to MailChimp for processing. We ensure that all of our pop-up windows, forms, etc. include language that provides this consent.
We provide our customers with the ability to withdraw consent or change preferences and make it easily accessible. An “unsubscribe” option in MailChimp’s mail is automatically included in the footer of every campaign sent through MailChimp. This allows any campaign recipient to easily unsubscribe from our list. We also include a “preferences” link in the footer of any campaign, which will give a recipient the ability to easily update their profile details within your MailChimp account and access.
Links
When you click on links on our website, they may direct you away from our site. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites and encourage you to read their privacy statements.
Google analytics
Our website uses Google Analytics to help us learn about who visits our site and what pages are being looked at.SECTION 6 – SECURITY, PROTECTION and MANAGEMENT OF YOUR PERSONAL DATAIIZT website processes Personal Data both as a Processor and as a Controller as defined in the Directive and GDPR. All data collected by IIZT website will be stored exclusively in secure hosting facilities. All hosting is performed in accordance with the highest security regulations. All transfers of data internally is done in accordance with this data processing agreement.
Security.
To protect your personal information, we take reasonable precautions and follow industry best practices to make sure it is not inappropriately lost, misused, accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed.
Retention of your data.
We store your personal information for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes for which we collect it.
Destruction of your data.
We will destroy your personal information immediately once we no longer need to keep it. In case of any data was printed on paper, the personal information will be shredded. If saved in electronic form, the personal data will be destroyed using irreversible technical means.Your rights related to your personal data.You have the right to be informed. We are completely transparent in how we are using personal data.You can request to access your personal information. You have the right to know exactly what information is held about you and how it is processed.You can correct your personal data if it is incomplete or you find it inaccurateYou can delete your personal dataYou can request suspension of personal information processing, subject to relevant law.You can withdraw your consent at any time, where we have obtained your consent for the processing of your personal data.You can object to the processing of your personal data, including opting-out from the use for direct marketing purposes.You can request that your personal data held by us be transported to another organization.You have the rights related to automated decision making and profiling. Individuals have the right not to be subject to a decision and must be able to obtain human intervention, express their point of view, and obtain an explanation of the decision and challenge it.If you have any questions about collection and storage of data, please contact us at at info@iizt.com or mailing us at:IIZT B.V.
Prinseneiland 305
1013LP Amsterdam
The NetherlandsSECTION 7 – COOKIESCookie is a small text file that is stored on your computer or mobile device and that is retrieved from the website during subsequent visits. We use cookies to make your visit to our website more relevant and simpler. We do not use cookies to store personal information or to pass on information to third parties.There are two types of cookies: permanent cookies and temporary cookies (session cookies). Permanent cookies are stored as a file on your computer or mobile device for a maximum of 12 months. Session cookies are temporarily stored and are deleted when you close your browser. We use permanent cookies if you choose the option “Remember my details” when logging in. We can use session cookies if you use a filter, for example.You can easily delete cookies from your computer or mobile device via your browser. For instructions on settings for cookies and the removal of cookies, see the “Help” section in your browser. You can choose to disable cookies or you can indicate that you will receive a notification every time a new cookie is sent to your computer or mobile device. Remember that if you choose to disable cookies, you may not be able to use all functions on the website.Here is a list of cookies that we use. We’ve listed them here:firstimer. We use it to determine if it is first user visitvisitTime. We use it to determine time user displays page to open popupwp-settings-1p-settings-time-1wp uses those to remember user wordpress settingsqtrans_front_language. Determines language user uses to display websitewfvt_. Cookie set by the Wordfence Security WordPress plugin which notes information about your general geographic location.wordfence_verifiedHuman. Cookie set by the Wordfence Security WordPress plugin to protect the site against malicious attacks.wp-settings-time.Set by WordPress, used to customize the main site interface.wp-settings-2.
Set by WordPress, holds no personally identifiable informationwordpress_test_cookie Set by WordPress, test cookiecookie_notice_accepted We use it to check if user accepted cookies noticemailchimp_landing_site Used to get statistics about site usageThird-party cookies
We use third-party cookies to collect statistics for analytics tools such as Google Analytics. This concerns both permanent and temporary cookies (session cookies). The permanent third party cookies are stored on your computer or mobile device for a maximum of 24 months._ga We use Google Analytics to collect data for statistical purposes. This cookie calculates the session duration of a visitor. 10 minutes._gat We use Google Analytics to collect data for statistical purposes. This cookie uniquely identifies visitors 2 years after settingSECTION 8 – AGE OF CONSENTBy using this site, you represent that you are at least the age of majority in your state or province of residence, or that you are the age of majority in your state or province of residence and you have given us your consent to allow any of your minor dependents to use this site. We will not knowingly collect, use or disclose Personal Data from a minor under the age of 16, without obtaining prior consent from a person with parental responsibility (e.g., a parent or guardian) through direct off-line contact.SECTION 9 – CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICYWe reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time, so please review it frequently. Changes and clarifications will take effect immediately upon their posting on the website. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here that it has been updated, so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we use and/or disclose it.
If our store is acquired or merged with another company, your information may be transferred to the new owners so that we may continue to sell products to you.QUESTIONS AND CONTACT INFORMATION
If you would like to: access, correct, amend or delete any personal information we have about you, register a complaint, or simply want more information contact us via info@iizt.com or by mail at:IIZT B.V.
Prinseneiland 305
1013LP Amsterdam
The Netherlands
we <3 cookies nomnomnom... help us to know a little bit about you and how you use our website. by closing this message you consent.
x