http://www.ghdsi.com/privacy-policy
About Us
Testimonials
What We Do
Help Desk Outsourcing
On-boarding Process
Software We Support
Languages We Support
Global TechnologyPartners
Services & Pricing
Enterprise Services
Pricing & Support Options
FAQ's
5 Common Help Desk Hurdles
Resources
ROI Calculator
Blog
Success Stories
eBooks
Videos
Webinars
Checklists
Help Desk Outsourcing Hub
Contact Us
Schedule a Consultation
Careers
Privacy Policy
P:  800.770.1075
This privacy policy applies to information collected online from users of this website. On this page you can learn what type of information might be collected, when and how that information might be used, how we protect the information, and the choices users of this site have concerning personal information.
What personal information is collected through this website and how is it used? We collect information about our users in three ways: from information you provide on this site, from our web server logs and through cookies. We use this information primarily to provide you with a personalized internet experience that delivers the information most relevant and useful to you. We don’t share any information you provided with others, unless we believe we have the legal obligation to do so.
When communicating with us through this site, please do not provide us any confidential, proprietary or otherwise sensitive “personal” “personally identifying” or “protected health information” (such as social security numbers, account numbers, dates of birth, etc.) as these terms can be defined in their broadest possible sense. The information you provide to us through this site will be used so that we can respond to your inquiry and assist you in the future. If you do send us any confidential, personal or sensitive information, you do so at your own risk and we will not be liable to you or others for any submissions in violation of our privacy policies.
The information collected on our web server logs helps us administer the site, analyze its usage, protect the website and its content from inappropriate use and improve the user’s experience. The information we collect may include; internet address, name of your company, name of your internet service provider, the type of browser or computer you use, the pages you viewed on our site, searches you conducted on our site, your geographical location and the date and time of your visit.
In order to provide a more customized experience to users of our site, we may use cookies to help track information about you. Cookies are simply small pieces of data that are sent from your browser from a Web server and stored on your hard drive. Cookies allow us to save passwords and preferences for you so you won’t have to re-enter them each time you visit our site. The use of cookies is relatively common place and most browsers are set up to accept cookies. If you prefer, you can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie or to refuse to accept cookies.
We do not sell, rent, or lease mailing lists of user data to others and we do no release user data to others, unless with your consent or as may be required by law.
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time by contacting us via phone at 800-770-1075, to our mailing address 2080 Silas Deane Highway, Rocky Hill, CT 06067 or by submitting a Contact form from this site describing your request.
Who We Are
Global Help Desk Services, Inc. provides help desk outsourcing with guaranteed service levels to enterprise-sized companies.
What We Do
Help Desk Outsourcing
On-boarding Process
Software We Support
Languages We Support
Global Partners
Services & Pricing
Enterprise Services
Pricing & Support
Contact Us
Global Help Desk Services, Inc.
521 Cromwell Avenue
Rocky Hill, CT 06067
Toll Free: 1.800.770.1075
Local: 1.860.296.7230
LinkedIn
Twitter
Facebook
GLOBAL HELP DESK SERVICES, INC.© Copyright 2020 | All rights reserved.
View Privacy Policy