http://www.vbgamer.com/msgboard/policy.asp
VBGamer
Content
News
Tutorials
Articles
Reviews
Post
News
Games
Resources
Games List
Links
Files
Forum
Other
Link to us
News ticker
Coded In VB
Configure
Console
Name
Pass
Register
Forgot your Password?
Home
|
Profile
|
Register
|
Active Topics
|
Members
|
Search
|
FAQ
All Forums
Registration Rules and Policies Agreement
Privacy Statement for VBGamer
If you agree to the terms and conditions stated below, press the "Agree" button. Otherwise, press "Cancel".
In order to use these forums, users are required to provide a username, password and e-mail address. Neither the Administrators of these forums, or the Moderators participating, are responsible for the privacy practices of any user. Remember that all information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to share any of your personal information. Any user who finds material posted by another user objectionable is encouraged to contact us via e-mail. We are authorized by you to remove or modify any data submitted by you to these forums for any reason we feel constitutes a violation of our policies, whether stated, implied or not.
This site may contain links to other web sites and files. We have no control over the content and can not ensure it will not be offensive or objectionable.
We will, however, remove links to material that we feel is inappropriate as we become aware of them.
These forums give users two options for changing and modifying information that they provide in their profile:
Users can login with their username and password to
change any information in their profile.
In case of lost password, users can send an e-mail to
admin@strategon.com.
Cookies must be turned on in your browser to participate as a user in these forums. Cookies are used here to hold your username and password and viewing options, allowing you to login.
By pressing the "Agree" button, you agree that you, the user, are 13 years of age or over. You are fully responsible for any information or file supplied by this user. You also agree that you will not post any copyrighted material that is not owned by yourself or the owners of these forums. In your use of these forums, you agree that you will not post any information which is vulgar, harassing, hateful, threatening, invading of others privacy, sexually oriented, or violates any laws.
If you do agree with the rules and policies stated in this agreement, and meet the criteria stated herein, proceed to press the "Agree" button below, otherwise press "Cancel".
If you have any questions about this privacy statement or the use of these forums, you can contact the forum administrator at: admin@strategon.com
VBGamer
©
This page was generated in 0.02 seconds.
Snitz Forums 2000
Copyright © 2002 - 2004 Eric Coleman, Peter Kuchnio , et. al.