https://www.imagener.com/index.php/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Imagener.com Editor
2018-01-02T21:23:08+00:00
Privacy Policy
Our website visitor’s and our customer’s privacy is of paramount importance to Kneson Software. We respect your right to privacy. We will never give or sell names of our visitors or customers to any third party without their consent.
The privacy of our customers and visitors is important to us, and is why we have placed this page on the Imagener.com website.
Personal Information Collection
Software Installation
During installation of any of our products, we ask for personal information from those who download and/or install our software.
Order Placement
When you place an order online with us, we collect information about you, including your name, address and credit card information. This information is necessary in order for us to process and complete your order.
Product Registration
Product registration information includes the product acquired as well as your name, address, and e-mail address and telephone number. Kneson Software reserves the right to provide technical support only to registered users. The only way to assure that you will be entitled to technical support for a product in the future is to register with Kneson Software. Product upgrade pricing and special offers are only available to registered users.
Evaluation Software
Kneson Software may, at its discretion, require that all those who wish to use its evaluation software is to provide Kneson Software with their name and e-mail address. Kneson Software may also choose to prevent versions of its software from installing or running if such information is not provided.
About Cookies
Sometimes our Web and FTP servers collect general information to address our visitors and customers in the future through cookies. A cookie is a small file that a Website writes to your hard drive when you visit that site. Cookies cannot read information from your hard drive or read information from other cookies. If you turn off cookies in your Web browser, you will still be able to access and browse the Kneson Software Web and FTP sites.
Use of Personal Information
Kneson Software may use personal information that it has collected to:
» Provide you with notices of new information that may be of use or interest to you. This may include newsletters, tutorials, Website update notices, or notification on the availability of new products, product updates, maintenance releases, and beta versions of products.
» Warn you of the impending termination of the trial period of evaluation versions of our software.
Register licensed copies of the product in your name. We do not keep credit card information as part of your product registration.
» Determine at our discretion your eligibility to receive product support on evaluation versions of our software.
» Survey you (and others) in an attempt to improve our Website, our products, or our business.
» Notify you of third-party products that we believe might be of interest to you. Kneson Software will not share personal information with any of these third parties without first obtaining your express consent.
» Improve the quality of our Website. Kneson Software does not collect information about individual users without their knowledge.
» Help us analyze general traffic patterns throughout our site.
Kneson Software is headquartered in the United States with its development offices in the State of New Jersey, its sales and customer service offices in the State of California, and its online product fulfillment offices in the United Kingdom. Any information that you provide to Kneson Software will be transferred to the United States. By providing personal information to us, you are consenting to its storage and use as described herein. You may choose to opt-out of providing this information at any time, as described at the bottom of this privacy statement.
You must provide us with your name, credit card number, expiration date, type, and billing address. You must also provide the address to which the product is to be shipped. If you do not provide the information, then we cannot accept nor fulfill an order.
Your credit card type, number and expiration date will be maintained by Kneson Software only for a period reasonably calculated to assure that Kneson Software has received payment for its product(s). This information is not maintained in our databases thereafter.
An e-mail address and a telephone number assist us in contacting you should there be a problem with your order.
Unless you direct us otherwise, any of the personal information you provide us with your order will be maintained by Kneson Software in its product registration database.
Product Registration
Kneson Software’s use of your personal information provided to us with a product registration is as disclosed above.
Unless you direct us otherwise, any of the personal information you provide with a product registration will be maintained by Kneson Software in its product registration database.
Use of Information
In addition to the general information provided above with respect to how Kneson Software will use your personal information, you should be aware of the following:
» Kneson Software will provide your personal information to certain of its technical support subcontractors in the event of their use by our company. Kneson Software will attempt to provide the information to the technical support subcontractors Kneson Software estimates you might call to assure that, should you need technical support, you will be able to receive it. Kneson Software mayprovide your information to more than one such subcontractor at its discretion. In many cases a technical support subcontractor and a distributor may be the same company.
Your information will only be transferred to authorized distributors or sub-contractors of Kneson Software, and only as necessary.
Security of Information
Kneson Software will take all reasonable precautions to protect your personal information from loss, mis-use, unauthorized access, disclosure, unauthorized alteration, destruction or other malfeasance.
Review, Change, and Correction of Personal Information
At any time, you may review, change, correct, or remove any personal information including the permitted uses of your personal information and addition of your information to the “do not share” list by contacting Kneson Software at:
Kneson
Attn: Customer Service Department
21748 Devonshire St., Suite 103
Chatsworth, CA 91311
Send message to Customer Service
At any time, you may contact Kneson Software at the above address with inquiries or complaints regarding your data or the use thereof. Kneson Software is committed to responding to all such contacts in a prompt and responsible manner.
Join The Thousands Of Satisfied Imagener Users
$49.95
Learn More
$99.95
Learn More
Toggle Sliding Bar Area
Popular
Recent
Comments
How To Increase Resolution Of Images
March 5th, 2018
Photo Enlargement Interpolation Methods
May 2nd, 2017
Raster and Vector Differences
February 11th, 2018
How To Increase Resolution Of Images
March 5th, 2018
Raster and Vector Differences
February 11th, 2018
How To Make A Poster Using Photo Enlargement
May 9th, 2017
No comments have been published yet.
This site uses cookies:
Find out more.Okay, thanks