http://www.nm-design.co.uk/terms
By signing up to any of NM Consulting / Datalinked services you are automatically agreeing to abide by these policies.
Terms of Service
Domain Names & Dispute Policy
Billing Terms
Privacy Policy
Note: For the purpose of this document NM Consulting will be referenced as NM Consulting. Datalinked, nm-hosting and nm-hosting.co.uk are product names of Niki Molnar trading as NM Consulting.
Service:
NM Consulting reserves the right to cancel any services/account with out notice for reasons it sees as fit and just. NM Consulting also reserves the right to refuse service and /or access to its servers to anyone.
The following content is not allowed to be stored, linked to, transmitted or distributed from any NM Consulting service:
Adult Material - Includes material, content or services containing all pornography, erotic images, or otherwise lewd or obscene content. The designation of "adult material" is left entirely to the discretion of NM Consulting.
Copyright Material - Includes material, content or services containing copyrighted works, commercial audio, video, or music files, and any material in violation of any lawful regulation.
Illegal Material - Includes material, content or services containing or promoting violence of any kind, including an intolerance for race, lifestyle, or faith, or that constitutes harassment, defamation, libel, slander, or promotes the commission of a crime or any unlawful conduct.
Warez - Includes material, content or services containing pirated software, ROMS, emulators, phreaking, hacking, password cracking. IP spoofing, etc., and encrypting of any of the above. Also includes any sites which provide "links to" or "how to" information about such material.
DOMAIN NAMES
NM Consulting only registers .uk domains and they may be subject to additional terms and conditions as laid down by Nominet - the .uk governing body. Please read their Terms and Policies for more information relating to .uk domains:
Registrant terms: www.nominet.uk/nominet-terms
Domain dispute policy: http://www.nominet.uk/resources/policy/policies-rules/#drspolicy
Further information can be found at www.nominet.uk
Domain Transfer away from the NMCONSULTING Tag:
If you would like to change registrars, please initiate the transfer from your new registrar. Please note that we do not charge any administration fees and all transfers are initiated within 24 hours of request by Nominet.
Domain Registrations:
.uk domains registered on the NMCONSULTING tag are registered to you (either an individual, organisation or company) who applies for it. NM Consulting cannot guarantee the reservation or registration of any Domain and that the registration of such domain name will be subject to any registration requirements of the appropriate registry. All registrations are made within 24 hours (normal business working hours) of receipt of payment but it is your responsibility to check that the domain has been registered correctly. All errors must be notified to us, by email at domains@nm-hosting.co.uk, within 48 hours.
An application for a domain registration through NM Consulting:
must not infringe any third party rights; and
cannot being made in bad faith or could be considered to be an abusive registration under Nominet's dispute policies & procedures; and
will at no time whatsoever be used for any unlawful purpose
Domain Renewals:
Reminders will be sent to your registered email address at 60, 30, 14 and 7 day intervals prior to your domain expiry date, confirming the expiry date and cost of renewal. If you do not wish to renew the domain, please let us know by emailing domains@nm-hosting.co.u and you won't be charged anything. If we don't hear from you, we will not renew the domain, so you may lose it and it may incur additional costs to recover it. We will, however, take all reasonable steps to contact you before the domain expires.
UCE (Unsolicited Commerce Email) - SPAM:
Spamming, the sending of unsolicited mass email from or through a NM Consulting server or using an email address that is maintained on an NM Consulting machine is prohibited. NM Consulting will be the sole arbiter as to what constitutes a violation of this provision. Customers are also in violation of this provision if they engage in spamming using the service of another ISP or IPP, but reference in the spam a website hosted on a NM Consulting server, or if they sell or distribute software on their website that facilitates spamming. Violators will be assessed a minimum fine of £200.00 per instance (per spam) and will face immediate suspension from all NM Consulting services and no refund will be due on any services purchased.
Do not spam! This includes sending any type of mass mailing to anyone on the Internet that does not want it. Sending ANY type of mass mailing even to people that have requested it has a risk, if SPAM is reported, service is ended. This includes but is not limited to opt in mailing lists.
Accounts that are found to be used for any kind of mass mailing service whether opt-in or not will face immediate suspension from all NM Consulting services.
Please report any instances of spamming to abuse@nm-consulting.co.uk detailing as much information as possible, clearly identifying the source of the unsolicited email. This will then be investigated, dealt with and replied to within 24 hours.
Distribution of Viruses:
Intentional distributions of software that attempts to and/or causes damage, harassment, or annoyance to persons, data, and/or computer systems are prohibited. Such an offense will result in the immediate termination of the offending account.
Indemnification:
Customer agrees that it shall defend, indemnify, save and hold NM Consulting harmless from any and all demands, liabilities, losses, costs and claims, including reasonable legal fees asserted against NM Consulting, its agents, its customers, officers and employees, that may arise or result from any service provided or performed or agreed to be performed or any product sold by customer, its agents, employees or assigns. Customer agrees to defend, indemnify and hold harmless NM Consulting against liabilities arising out of; (1) any injury to person or property caused by any products sold or otherwise distributed in connection with NM Consulting' server; (2) any material supplied by customer infringing or allegedly infringing on the proprietary rights of a third party; (3) copyright infringement (4) defective products sold to customer from NM Consulting' server; (5) data loss.
Security:
Violations of system or network security are prohibited and may result in criminal and civil liability. Examples include but are not limited to the following: unauthorised access, use, probing, or scanning of systems security or authentication measures, data, or traffic; interference with service to any user, host, or network including, without limitation, mail bombing, flooding, deliberate attempts to overload a system, broadcast attacks; forging of any TCP-IP packet header or any part of the header information in an email or a newsgroup posting.
Server Resources:
Any website that uses a high amount of server resources (such as, but not limited to, CPU time, memory usage, and network resources) will be given the option to either pay additional fees (which will depend on the resources required), reduce the resources used to an acceptable level, or upgrade its service to a Dedicated Server plan. NM Consulting shall be the sole arbiter of what is considered to be a high server usage level. Any web hosting account deemed to be adversely affecting server performance or network integrity will be shut down without prior notice.
IRC:
NM Consulting does not allow IRC or IRC bots to be operated on our servers.
Communication with our staff:
Any attempts to undermine, slander, libel, threaten, swear at, harass, or cause harm to any NM Consulting customer, employee, or the company directly is strictly prohibited and is grounds for immediate termination. In addition, NM Consulting will pursue all attempts to the fullest extent of the law.
Disclaimer:
NM Consulting will not be responsible for any damages your business may suffer. NM Consulting makes no warranties of any kind, expressed or implied for services we provide. NM Consulting disclaims any warranty or merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. The includes loss of data resulting from delays, nondeliveries, wrong delivery, and any and all service interruptions caused by NM Consulting and its employees or from hardware/software failure. NM Consulting reserves the right to revise its policies at any time.
×
Web Portal Software:An Introduction
Please wait...
×
Tell Us About Yourself
Company email addresses only (hotmail, gmail, etc will not work)
Please keep me updated with Datalinked's future developments.
Download Brochure
We take privacy very seriously. We never sell your details to third parties. By registering with datalinked.uk, you confirm that you agree to the storing and processing of your personal data by Datalinked as described in our Privacy Statement
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.