http://www.vistra.co.nz/outlook/email-hosting/legal.php
Vistra Hosted Solutions - Privacy statement
Home
Products
Product Overview
Outlook Anywhere
Office Anywhere
Outlook Mobile Service
Office Communicator
Pricing
Business Issues
Partners
About Us
Testimonials
Latest News
Jobs
Contact us
Privacy statement
At Vistra we respect your privacy
We have deliberately not used 'cookies' in the development of our Web site, so you can browse the site without disclosing personal information. We do not log personal data/information without your input and permission, and when this permission is given it is not linked to statistical information that we gather.
Web server statistics
Our Web server makes a record of your visit and logs the following information for statistical purposes:
- your server IP address
- the date and time of your visit
- the pages accessed and documents you downloaded
- the browser you are viewing the site with
- the referring URL / Web site eg. a search engine
Recording of details
We will only record your email address or other details you provide if you send us a message to request more information, for example by signing up for our newsletter or emailing an enquiry.
Your details will only be used for the purpose for which you have provided them and will never be added to any mailing list without your prior permission. We will not use or disclose your details to a third-party without your consent.
Our Privacy Policy and our approach to privacy adheres to the New Zealand Government's National Privacy Principles contained within the Privacy Act.
If you have a question about our Privacy Policy, or would like to gain access to information we might hold about you, please contact us at
Email address protected by JavaScript.
Please enable JavaScript to contact me.
Go Back
Glossary - FAQs - Sitemap
Contact Us...
Hosted Exchange explained
Microsoft Exchange demo
Download PDF
Signup Online
Complete a short form to register for hosted email.
Register now
Is Outlook Anywhere right for me?
Find out how Outlook Anywhere enterprise email solution can help you and your business.
Find out now
© Copyright Vistra NZ 2020
| Website by WebSpring | Privacy policy | Terms & conditions | Accessibility | Feedback | Links