http://www.momentumsi.com/help/privacy.html
Professional Services
Professional Services
Overview
Services
Customer Stories
Insights
Resources
Contact Us
Find a Partner
Problems solved. Outcomes delivered.
Investments in IT are more about business impact than about individual technologies. Our outcome-focused methodology for defining and implementing long-term solutions can help you deliver real business value. We work with your team to:
Define your desired IT and business outcomes
Identify gaps in your competencies, capabilities, and culture
Design and implement a solution to deliver your desired outcomes
Create the roles, skills, and processes needed to manage and operate at scale
Drive adoption and consumption throughout the organization
Our broad expertise, deep knowledge of VMware technology, and concentrated focus on your industry challenges can help get you where you need to be, sooner.
Professional Services Portfolio
Multi-Cloud
Design, deploy, integrate and configure the environment
Automate IT service delivery
Implement cloud operations and management capabilities
Migrate workloads
Drive consumption
More About Multi-Cloud Services >>
Virtual Cloud Network
Design, deploy, and integrate a virtual network environment
Design application security and isolation
Automate network provisioning
Design network functions virtualization
Design, deploy and integrate an SD-WAN
Implement network operations and management capabilities
More About Virtual Cloud Network Services >>
Digital Workspace
Design a persona-based employee experience
Design and deploy a virtual desktop environment
Design and deploy a user-centric digital workspace environment
Implement workspace and device operations and management
More About Digital Workspace Services >>
App Modernization
Design, implement, manage and govern VMware Tanzu or another Kubernetes platform
Modernize or build cloud-native software
Build or adapt existing CI/CD pipelines
Optimize the path to production and improve application lifecycle management
More About App Modernization Services >>
Intrinsic Security
Design, deploy and configure a threat detection, prevention, and response system to protect endpoints
Integrate a security environment with reporting and operations systems, procedures, and workflows
Optimize an existing system and accelerate adoption
More About Intrinsic Security Services >>
Customer Stories
West Bend Mutual Insurance Improves Security Posture
“VMware Professional Services was able to help us accelerate and meet our quite aggressive timelines… the expertise they brought in allowed us to skip a lot of pitfalls and make sure that the final solution not only works for us now but is one we can scale and grow into.”
— Brandon Hahn, Solutions Architect, West Bend Mutual Insurance
Watch the Video
Nebraska Medicine Achieves Cloud, Security, and Mobility Goals
“We had to have VMware help us with the know-how. We needed to learn from organizations across all industries how they automate their infrastructure and what those best practices are, and the only way we could do that is through Professional Services from VMware.”
— Brian Lancaster, VP, Information Technology, Nebraska Medicine
Watch the Video
Zebra Moves at the Speed of Business
“We could not afford to make a mistake. We had to have it all work the first time. Otherwise we were sunk. VMware Professional Services was the one key behind making that happen—and making it happen again, in a year’s time.”
— Dr. Kelly Jones, Consultant, Zebra
Watch the Video
Insights
VMware is Your Trusted Partner for Data Center Transformation
VMware Consulting Services has the experience, best practices, and proven methodologies to help transform your data center to achieve your desired IT and business outcomes. Our broad expertise and deep knowledge of VMware technology can help reduce risk and complexity. Our holistic approach addressing infrastructure, applications, and operating model helps minimize disruption and ensure predictable results.
VMware has been named a Leader in the IDC MarketScape: Worldwide Datacenter Transformation Consulting and Integration Services for Infrastructure 2020 Vendor Assessment. Learn about IDC’s key findings and see why we believe VMware is uniquely positioned to help you realize your business objectives.
Download the Report
VMware Professional Services Blogs
Gain valuable insights, learning and development opportunities to help you unlock the power of VMware technology and drive business outcomes.
Read Blogs>>
Partner with Trusted Advisors
Our new VMware Master Services
Competencies give your organization access to trusted and certified partners with the resources, knowledge, skills, and tools to successfully deliver services.
Learn More >>
Resources
Learn & Evaluate
VMware Outcome-Focused Workshop Solution Overview
VMware Solution Strategy and Roadmap Services Solution Overview
SKU Services
VMware Professional Services Credits
VMware Professional Services Credits for Public Sector Customers
VMware Professional Services Terms and Conditions