http://www.unitronics.com/privacy-policy/
UNITRONICS – Privacy Policy
We at Unitronics (1989) (R”G) Ltd. its subsidiaries and affiliates (“Unitronics”, “we”, “us” or “our”) respect your privacy. This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) explains the accepted privacy practices for our online services at unitronics.com, unitronicsplc.com, unitronicsparking.com, and unitronicslogistics.com,    Utron-parking.com    (each a “Website“, together, the “Websites”). It also describes the rights and options available to you with respect to your information. The Websites provides content and information about Unitronics and our products and services (the “Products”).
You do not have a legal duty to provide the information, and providing it, is subject to your willing consent. Certain services (such as online inquiries) on our Websites will not be available to those choosing not to provide the information requested.
Personal Data We Collect
Contact Forms. To complete our online contact forms (i.e. sales inquiry, technical support, registration), we may require you, depending upon the respective form, to provide us with certain personal data, including: full name, email address, phone number, gender, date of birth, country, job title, company’s name, type of industry you work in and relevant product information (e.g. model and serial number) (“Inquiry Information“).
Registration. In order to post messages on our forums, you will be required to register to the respective Website. When you register to our Websites, you will be required to provide us with your name, email address, location and a unique password of your choosing that will identify you when sign in to the respective Website. Make sure that you change your password periodically. You must maintain the confidentiality of your account login details.
Statistical Information. When you visit our Websites, we will record and collect certain information in relation to your visit and use of the Website, including: IP address, time and date of access, type of browser used, language use, links clicked, and actions taken while browsing the Websites, preferences while using the Websites, feedback regarding our Products and content you posted to our forums (“Analytical Information”).
Forum. You are solely responsible for any content that you upload to our forums. Such content is not treated as private or confidential and you should not have any expectation of privacy with respect to it information shall not be considered as private. You agree that Unitronics may publish or use your username along with the content you upload.
Additionally, when you wish certain content to be published on the Website, you represent that such content does not violate any other person’s right to privacy or its intellectual property rights.
Use of Personal Data
We may use the information outlined above for the following purposes:
Operating the Websites and providing its features and functionalities.
Contact you about inquired you made;
Enhance the promotions and purchasing opportunities offered to you or other users of the Websites.
Conduct researches and surveys and other similar activities related to products and services development;
Analyze and provide statistical information to third parties. This information will not identify you personally;
Send you notifications about Policy updates;
We use Analytical Information to improve the Websites and to enrich the content on the Website and the services we offer to our users and customers.
Marketing Material. Subject to your prior consent, we will use your Inquiry Information to contact you occasionally, either by Unitronics or by a representative on its behalf, including by sending e-mails and information related to Unitronics services and Products (“Promotional Communications”).
You may ‘opt-out’ of using your profiled data for Promotional Communications at any time by sending an email to our support service at: support@unitronics.com. By doing so, Unitronics will only delete the Inquiry Information which is required to contact you for Promotional Communications, while the rest of the Inquiry Information you submitted to us which is necessary to provide you with our services will continue to be processed.
Sharing Personal Data
Unitronics will not share your information with third parties, except in the events listed below or when you provide your explicit and informed consent:
We will share your Information with members of our family group of companies, who help us process the data for the purpose set out above;
We will share your personal information with our service providers who assist us with the internal operations of our Website and our services. These companies are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to us and not for their own promotional purposes. We do not sell your personal information to third parties;
If you have breached any agreement you have with us (including this Policy), abused your rights to use the Websites, or violated any applicable law, your Information may be shared with the competent authorities, law enforcement and third parties (such as legal counsels and advisors), for the purpose of handling of the violation or breach;
If we are required to disclose your information by a judicial, governmental or regulatory authority;
If the operation of the Websites is organized within a different framework, or through another legal structure or entity (e.g. due to a merger or acquisition), we will share your information to enable the structural change.
Cookies
Cookies are text files, comprised of small amount of data, that are saved on your computer or any other smart device (e.g. smartphone, tablet, etc.) when you use internet and visit various websites. Cookies are not used to identify you or to harm your device but rather to collect analytical information about you experience in order to help us improve our Websites, including our Website. It also assists us in collecting information about your service preferences in order to provide you with more accurate recommendations, promotions and advertisements. Also, for registered users, cookies allow to log in without entering username and password each time you enter the Website.
We use the following types of cookies and other types of web trackers on the Service:
LinkedIn. For more information about Facebook cookies, and about opting-out, click here.
Facebook. For more information about Facebook cookies, and about opting-out, click here.
Google. For more information about Google cookies, click here. For information about opting-out of Google cookies, click here. You can also read more about and how Google uses advertising cookies here.
Marketo. For more information about Marketo cookies, and about opting-out, click here.
Twitter. For more information about Twitter cookies, and about opting-out, click here.MinorsSecurity and Data RetentionWe implement measures to reduce the risks of damage, loss of information and unauthorized access or use of information. We also request our affiliates to implement such measures in order to secure the information we provide them. However, although efforts are made to secure your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute protection.Additional Provisions Applicable to Users within the EUEU Representative. We appointed GDPR-Rep.eu as representative according to Art 27 GDPR. If you want to make use of your GDPR data privacy rights, please visit: https://www.gdprrep.eu/q/10223025
Legal basis for processing your data:
Controller. Unitronics (1989) (R”G) Ltd. is the data controller for the purposes of the personal data we collect via the Websites and for the performance of the services offered through the Websites.
Cross-Border Data Transfers. Unitronics is based in Israel. Information we collect from you will be processed in Israel, which is recognized by the European Commission as having adequate protection for personal data, or within the EU (Germany or the UK). If we will transfer your information from within Europe to a jurisdiction outside Europe, it will be done to a country or company which has been deemed to have an adequate level of data protection by the EU Commission, or under the terms of a data transfer agreement which contain standard data protection contract clauses with adequate safeguards determined by the EU Commission.
We retain personal data as long as we need it for the purposes for which it was obtained or until you ask to delete it. Yet we will retain your personal information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
The Service is not intended for minors under the age of 18. IF YOU ARE UNDER THE AGE OF 18 YOU MAY NOT USE THE SERVICE IN ANY WAY.
You can always delete the cookies saved on your device by choosing to do so from the relevant computer browser or your smart device. You can also disable cookies for future uses.
the legal basis for collecting and processing information when you contact us for technical support inquiries – is its necessity for the fulfillment of a contract between you (or the company you represent) and Unitronics, and in order to provide you with feedback, comment or service in response to your inquiry.
The legal basis for processing and collecting Analytical Information is our legitimate interests in operating our website, ongoing management of our business and business development.
The legal basis for collecting and processing your information for Promotional Communications is your explicit consent.
Further processing and data retention may occur based on legal requirements.
EU Rights. If you are in the EU, you may ask to access the personal information about you that is stored in our systems, or have us update, correct or delete it. You are also entitled to obtain from us your information (excluding data we obtained from other sources) in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format, and have the right to transmit those data to another data controller. If you wish to exercise any of these rights, contact us at info@unitronics.com
You can also lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority under the GDPR. For a list of supervisory authorities in the EU, click here.
Policy Amendments
From time to time, we may change this Notice. We will provide you notice of such changes through the Website interface or, if you are a registered user, by sending you an email notice. If you do not consent to the amended Policy, you are required to avoid the Website and we may terminate your account. The latest version of the Policy will always be accessible on the Website.
Contact us
Should you feel that certain content that appears on our Website harms or offends you in any way, you may contact us through our Website by submitting an inquiry online or via email at info@unitronics.com. We will do our best to resolve your issue promptly.