http://www.infosys.com/privacy-statement.html
Being Resilient. That's Live Enterprise.
Digital Core Capabilities
Digital Operating Models
Empowering Talent Transformations
Being Resilient. That's Live Enterprise.
Digital Core Capabilities
Digital Operating Models
Empowering Talent Transformations
Industries
Aerospace & Defense
Agriculture
Automotive
Communication Services
Consumer Packaged Goods
Education
Financial Services
Healthcare
High Technology
Industrial Manufacturing
Information Services & Publishing
Insurance
Life Sciences
Logistics & Distribution
Media and Entertainment
Mining
Oil and Gas
Professional Services
Public Sector
Retail
Travel and Hospitality
Utilities
Services
Experience
Digital Marketing
Digital Commerce
Digital Interactions
Digital Workplace Services
Insight
Applied AI
Data Analytics
Innovate
Blockchain
Engineering Services
Internet of Things (IoT)
Accelerate
Agile & DevOps
API Economy & Microservices
Application Modernization
Cloud - Infosys Cobalt
Digital Process Automation
Digital Supply Chain
Mainframe Modernization
Microsoft Cloud Business
Open Source
Oracle
SAP
Salesforce
Service Experience Transformation
Workplace Transformation
Assure
Cyber Security
Testing
Application Development and Maintenance
Business Process Management
Consulting Services
Incubating Emerging Offerings
Platforms
EdgeVerve
Infosys Finacle
Infosys Live Enterprise Suite
Infosys Nia
Panaya
Skava
Infosys Wingspan
About Us
Overview
History
Corporate Responsibility
Management Profiles
Infosys Knowledge Institute
Subsidiaries
Clients Speak
Alliances
Innovation Fund
Diversity and Inclusion
Awards
Sports Partnerships
ATP
Australian Open
Roland-Garros
Navigate your next
Industries
Services
Platforms
Infosys Knowledge Institute
About Us
Investors
Careers
Newsroom
Contact Us
Privacy Statement
Like what you see?
LetsTalkUrl
Let's talk
Privacy Statement
Last updated on 22nd October 2020
Infosys Limited, its subsidiaries and branch operations hereinafter referred as ‘Infosys’, ‘we’, ‘us’ or ‘our’ is committed to respect your privacy and choices. The statement highlights our privacy practices regarding Personal Information that we collect and store about you through this website, www.infosys.com (the “Site”)
and also for those Personal Information that you provide us while participating in our events and campaigns.
I. Personal Information we collect and process and how we use it
I.1 Personal Information that we process
For the purposes of this privacy statement, 'Personal Information' is any data which relates to an individual who may be identified from that data, or from a combination of a set of data, and other information which is in possession of Infosys.
We collect the following categories of Personal Information:
Information that you provide via our website, including information you provide when you register on our website e.g. name, email address, designation, company, country, name of your university, your field of academic study/concentration, expected year and month of your graduation, and telephone number;
Information about your computer and about your visits to and use of this Site, such as your Internet Protocol (IP) address, demographics, your computers’ operating system, and browser type and information collected via cookies
Cookie related details are provided in the Cookie Policy
I.2. Use of your Personal Information
We use your Personal Information for the following purposes:
to provide better usability, troubleshooting and site maintenance;
to understand which parts of the website are visited and how frequently;
to create your user ID;
to identify you once you register on our website;
to contact you and respond to your questions or requests; and
to provide access to desirable content based on your preferences.
to process job application and alumni related requests, more details about which are available on corresponding portals of this website.
To know your interest of participation in ideathons or other competitions
As a participant of the competition, to publish your name and corresponding details to make them available to larger audience on the Internet
I.3. Legal basis of the processing
We process your Personal Information when it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are the party or in order to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract. This applies in any case where we provide services to you pursuant to a contract, such as when you use our website or process your registration on the website. If you do not provide the Personal Information that we need in order to provide our services, we will not be able to provide our services to you. We process your Personal Information for the performance of a contract in the following circumstances:
to provide better usability, troubleshooting and site maintenance; and
to create your user ID.
We process your Personal Information when it is necessary for the purposes of a legitimate interest pursued by us or a third party (when these interests are not overridden by your data protection rights). This applies in the following circumstances:
to identify you once you register on our website; and
to contact you and respond to your questions or requests;
to understand which parts of the website are visited and how frequently; and
to provide access to desirable content based on your preferences.
We process your Personal Information with your consent for the below purpose(s). Where we process Personal Data based on consent, your consent is revocable at any time.
To know your interest of participation in ideathons or other competitions
To contact you in furtherance to your participation in the ideathons or other competitions
As a participant of the competition, to publish your name and corresponding details to make them available to larger audience on the Internet
II. Consequences of not providing Personal Information
If you choose not to provide your Personal Information that is mandatory to process your request, we may not be able to provide the corresponding service.
III. Data recipients, transfer, and disclosure of Personal Information:
Infosys does not share your Personal Information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes.
We share your Personal Information within
Infosys or with any of its subsidiaries;
Business partners;
Service vendors;
Authorized third-party agents; or
Contractors.
Infosys Limited does not sell your Personal Information to third parties.
In general, Infosys Limited, domiciled in Bangalore, is the data controller processing your Personal Information. The following applies only where the data controller processing your Personal Information is domiciled in the European Economic Area (“EEA”):
We transfer Personal Information to countries outside the EEA to third parties, including to countries which have different data protection standards to those which apply in the EEA. The locations of Infosys group companies is set out here. Our service providers are primarily located in USA, Canada, Australia, Singapore, Hong Kong, India and UK. Where service providers process your Personal Information in countries deemed adequate by the European Commission, we rely on the European Commission's decision to protect your Personal Information.
For transfers to Infosys group companies and service providers outside the EEA, we use standard contractual clauses or rely on a service provider's (EU data protection authority approved) corporate rules that are in place to protect your Personal Information. Please contact us as set out below if you would like to obtain a copy of the methods used. When required, Infosys discloses Personal Information to external law enforcement bodies or regulatory authorities, in order to comply with legal obligations.
IV. Use of cookies:
Please refer the Cookie Policy
V. Do Not Track
Do Not Track (DNT) is a privacy preference that users can set in some web browsers, allowing users to opt out of tracking by websites and online services. At the present time, the World Wide Web Consortium (W3C) has not yet established universal standards for recognizable DNT signals and therefore, Infosys Limited and the Site do not recognize DNT.
VI. Your Rights:
Subject to the laws of your country, You have the right to access, correct, delete or transfer your Personal Information that we hold, including your profile and preferences. You also have the right to object to certain processing and, where we have asked for your consent to process your Personal Information, to withdraw this consent. Where we process your Personal Information because we have a legitimate interest in doing so (as explained above), you also have a right to object to this. These rights may be limited in some situations – for example, where we can demonstrate that we have a legal requirement to process your Personal Information.
If you are Brazilian user, you have additional rights to take confirmation on existence of your personal information, portability of your personal information to another service provider if applicable, anonymization or blocking of unnecessary information, information about public and private entities with which we have shared your data.
You can assert your rights in the corresponding sections where such information was provided or by contacting us at privacy@infosys.com
VII. Your California Privacy Rights
California residents who provide personal information in obtaining products or services for personal, family, or household use are entitled to request and obtain from us once a calendar year information about the customer information we shared with third parties for their own direct marketing purposes, including the categories of information and the names and addresses of those businesses with which we have shared such information.
As discussed elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, we do not currently share the personal information of California residents with third parties for their own direct marketing purposes.
However, if you have further questions about our privacy practices and compliance with California law, please contact us as explained below.
VIII. Data security
Infosys adopts reasonable and appropriate security practices and procedures including administrative, physical security, and technical controls in order to safeguard your Personal Information.
IX. Data retention
Personal Information will not be retained for a period more than necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this privacy statement, unless a longer retention period is required by law or for directly related legitimate business purposes.
X. Linked websites
Our privacy practices regarding Personal Information that we collect and store about you through our portals such as Recruitment and Global Alumni will be as per the privacy policy of those portals.
Infosys provides links to third-party websites and services. However, Infosys is not responsible for the privacy statements, practices, or the contents of such third-party websites.
XI. Children’s Privacy
The Site does not knowingly solicit or collect personally identifiable information online from children under the age of 13 without prior verifiable parental consent. If Infosys Limited learns that a child under the age of 13 has submitted personally identifiable information online without parental consent, it will take all reasonable measures to delete such information from its databases and to not use such information for any purpose (except where necessary to protect the safety of the child or others as required or allowed by law). If you become aware of any personally identifiable information we have collected from children under 13, please call us at +91 80 2852 0261 or email us at privacy@infosys.com.
Minors under 18 years of age may have the personal information that they provide to us deleted by sending an email to privacy@infosys.com requesting deletion.
Please note that, while we make reasonable efforts to comply with such requests, deletion of your personal information does not ensure complete and comprehensive removal of that data from all systems.
XII. How to contact us
If you have any questions regarding our privacy practices or this privacy statement, or to request this privacy statement in another format, please contact us at:
Contact person: Srinivas P
Contact address: Data Privacy Office, Infosys Limited, Electronics City, Hosur Road, Bangalore 560 100, India
Phone: +91 80 2852 0261
Email: privacy@infosys.com
XIII. Updates to this privacy statement
Infosys may change the data privacy practices and update this privacy statement as and when the need arises, and the same will be made available on the website. But our commitment to protect the privacy of website users will continue to remain.
For Australia Privacy Policy, please click here.
For Brazil website visitors, Privacy policy in Portuguese available here.
Trending @Infosys
Select Country/region
Australia
Belgium
Brazil
Canada
Chile
China
Costa Rica
Croatia
Denmark
Finland
France
Germany
Hong Kong
Hungary
India
Ireland
Italy
Japan
Liechtenstein
Malaysia
Mauritius
Mexico
New Zealand
Norway
Peru
Philippines
Russia
Singapore
Slovakia
South Korea
Spain
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
The Netherlands
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom (UK)
United States