https://www.comparitech.com/blog/vpn-privacy/best-vpn-iphone-ipad/
Menu
Close
VPN
By Use
Netflix
Kodi
Torrenting
Hulu
Sky Go
Gaming
BBC iPlayer
Tor
Best overall
By OS/Device
Mac
Windows
Linux
Windows 10
Firestick
iPhone and iPad
Android
Windows Phone
DD-WRT Routers
By Country
China
Japan
US
UK
Canada
Australia
Germany
France
UAE & Dubai
Guides
Fastest VPNs
Cheapest VPNs
Free VPNs
How to access the deep web
Is torrenting safe and legal?
Build your own VPN
Facebook privacy and security
How to encrypt email
How to stay anonymous online
See all
Reviews
ExpressVPN
NordVPN
IPVanish
PrivateVPN
StrongVPN
Cyberghost
PureVPN
Surfshark
See all
Antivirus
Online backup
Streaming
Kodi
Plex
Sports Streaming
TV Streaming
IPTV
Blog
VPN & Privacy
Cloud and Online Backup
Information Security
More Comparisons
Password Managers
Identity Theft Protection
Usenet
Privacy & Security Tools
Internet Providers
Parental Control Software
Net Admin Tools
Data Recovery Software
Crypto
Utilities
BlogVPN & PrivacyBest VPNs for iPhone and iOS (updated for 2020)
We are reader supported and may earn a commission when you buy through links on our site
Best VPNs for iPhone and iOS (updated for 2020)
Looking for an easy-to-use VPN for your iOS device? We reveal the best VPNs for iPhone and explain how to set up an iPhone VPN.
Aimee O'Driscoll
VPN AND CYBERSECURITY EXPERT
UPDATED: October 20, 2020
A Virtual Private Network (VPN) is a must-have for any device, but it’s especially useful for protecting users on the go. The best VPNs for iPhone will encrypt all of the traffic flowing to and from your device so that it can’t be read by any snoopers, including your internet service provider, network administrator, or government. This is especially helpful when you connect to public wifi hotspots as it can protect you from cyber attacks by hackers.
VPNs are great for other tasks too, such as unblocking geo-restricted streaming services while abroad. You can connect to a VPN server in a location of your choice and have an IP address assigned from that location. This tricks streaming platforms and other sites into thinking you’re somewhere else and granting you access to region-locked content.
We get into plenty of detail about each of the VPNs on this list, but if you need to skip ahead in a hurry, here are our top picks for iPhone VPNs.
Best VPNs for iPhone:
ExpressVPN: Our top recommendation for iPhones. ExpressVPN offers high-speed servers for streaming, downloading, and circumventing geo-restriction measures. It provides best-in-class security and privacy and even offers a 30-day money-back guarantee.
CyberGhost: A great budget iPhone VPN that doesn’t compromise on performance. CyberGhost is fast and secure, plus offers easy-to-use apps.
NordVPN: A solid all-rounder with intuitive apps, NordVPN has a large server network and a large suite of security features.
IPVanish: Boasts high privacy and security standards and has solid speeds for streaming.
Hotspot Shield: An extremely fast VPN for iPhone with plenty of locations and a generous money-back guarantee.
Surfshark: Great for unblocking and offers intuitive apps for all operating systems.
PrivateVPN: A small but powerful VPN that has strong security features and easily unblocks streaming sites.
Not sure how to choose a VPN? We’ve curated our list of the best VPNs for iPhone, or any iOS device, based on the following key criteria:
Easy-to-use iOS application available in the App Store
Fast speeds
Unblocks streaming sites such as Netflix, BBC and Amazon Prime Video
Strong security features
Doesn’t keep logs of user activity
The best VPNs for iPhone
Here’s our list of the best VPNs for iPhones and iOS devices:
1. ExpressVPN
image/svg+xml
Dec 2020
Works with iOS devicesTested Dec 2020
Apps Available:
PC
Mac
IOS
Android
Linux
Website:
www.ExpressVPN.com
Money-back guarantee: 30 DAYS
ExpressVPN’s app will run on iOS 8 and newer and is very easy to set up on your iPhone. This provider operates more than 3,000 high-speed servers in 94 countries, so you have a huge choice when it comes to spoofing your location. ExpressVPN is known for its unblocking ability and can help you access Netflix US and UK, Amazon Prime Video US and UK, Hulu, BBC iPlayer, and lots more.
It even works in China and other countries where the government attempts to block VPNs. If you’re concerned about privacy and security, ExpressVPN has you covered. It employs military-grade encryption with perfect forward secrecy and protects against leaks. No user-identifying logs are kept and you have the option to pay with bitcoin.
Aside from iOS, you can download apps for Windows, Linux, MacOS, and Android. Plus, ExpressVPN can be configured with some home routers. You can connect up to five devices to the VPN at a time. Perfect for connecting your iPhone and any other iOS devices you may have.
Pros:
Easy-to-use iOS app for iOS 8 or above
Fantastic speeds for downloading and streaming
Doesn’t log any data that can identify you
Hard to beat on privacy and security
Unblocks Netflix, Amazon Prime Video, and many other sites
Provides reliable 24/7 customer support
Cons:
Not the cheapest option on this list
Our score:
4.5 out of 5
BEST VPN FOR IPHONE:ExpressVPN is our number one choice. It has a solid iOS app and all servers are optimized for high-speed connections. It easily unblocks Netflix and most popular streaming sites, and prioritizes privacy and security. There’s even a 30-day no-quibbles money-back guarantee so you can try it risk-free.
Read our full review of ExpressVPN.
ExpressVPN CouponSpecial Offer - get 3 months extra FREEGET DEALDiscount applied automatically
2. CyberGhost
Works with iOS devicesTested Dec 2020
Apps Available:
PC
Mac
IOS
Android
Linux
Website:
www.Cyberghost.com
Money-back guarantee: 45 DAYS
CyberGhost makes a sleek, user-friendly iOS app (for iOS 9.3 or higher) that allows you to choose a server based on your needs. For example, the app will automatically select the best server for streaming Netflix or P2P filesharing, taking out the guesswork that comes with many other VPNs. It can also unblock BBC iPlayer and Amazon Prime Video, among other streaming channels. CyberGhost has ramped up expansion and now boasts more than 5,500 servers in over 90 countries.
Every connection is protected by 256-bit AES encryption, DNS leak protection, and an optional kill switch that halts all internet traffic should the VPN connection drop. This provider keeps no logs of your activity while connected.
Apps are also available for Windows, Linux, MacOS, and Android. You can manually configure the VPN with select routers. CyberGhost has a seven-connection limit.
Pros:
Runs on devices with iOS 9.3 and higher
Budget provider that doesn’t compromise on security and privacy
Minimal configuration required
Impressive streaming and downloading speeds
Unblocks a host of geo-restricted content
Cons:
Doesn’t reliably work in China or UAE
Our score:
4 out of 5
BEST BUDGET VPN:CyberGhost is easy to use and a great budget choice. It’s a private, secure VPN and streams HD video reliably. Plans come with a 45-day money-back guarantee.
Read our full CyberGhost review.
CyberGhost CouponSAVE 83% on the 3 year plan! + 3 months FREEGET DEAL Discount applied automatically
3. NordVPN
Works with iOS devicesTested Dec 2020
Apps Available:
PC
Mac
IOS
Android
Linux
Website:
www.NordVPN.com
Money-back guarantee: 30 DAYS
NordVPN’s mobile app is fast and reliable and works with iOS 9 or higher. It has a huge network of servers to choose from (more than 5,200 in over 60 countries). It’s excellent at unblocking streaming sites such as Netflix, Amazon Prime Video, and Hulu, and works well in China.
NordVPN employs 256-bit encryption with perfect forward secrecy. The iOS and desktop apps include a kill switch. Leak protection is built in to help protect your data, and security extras include automatic wifi protection and a double VPN option. NordVPN never keeps any traffic or connection logs and the company accepts payment via bitcoin.
You can connect up to six devices simultaneously, and additional apps are available for Windows, MacOS, Linux, and Android. NordVPN works with some routers too.
Pros:
Good value option for iOS 9 or higher
Offers secure, encrypted connections at all times
Doesn’t keep logs
Easily unblocks a wide range of geo-restricted sites
Offers 24/7 live chat
Cons:
Desktop apps can be sluggish
Our score:
4.5 out of 5
VALUE AND SECURITY:NordVPN offers a secure and reliable service. Its iPhone app is intuitive and can help you browse privately and unblock streaming media with ease. This provider offers a 30-day money-back guarantee.
Read our full review of NordVPN.
NordVPN CouponSAVE 68% on 2 year deal + 3 months FREEGET DEALDiscount applied automatically
4. IPVanish
Works with iOS devicesTested Dec 2020
Apps Available:
PC
Mac
IOS
Android
Linux
Website:
www.IPVanish.com
Money-back guarantee: 30 DAYS
IPVanish has apps for most major operating systems, including iOS (10 or above). It’s a fast service that’s popular with torrenters and Kodi users. IPVanish has a smaller network than others on the list (around 1,800 in over 80 countries), but it does own its servers, which is good for privacy and performance. This service doesn’t unblock a ton of streaming platforms but it does work for Netflix US and several other popular sites.
This is a no-logs VPN service that utilizes military-grade encryption, perfect forward secrecy, and leak protection.
Other apps are available for Windows, MacOS, and Android, and the VPN can be manually configured with select routers. IPVanish is generous with its device limit and allows unlimited connections so you can use it across all your iOS devices.
Pros:
App for iOS 10 or later
Keeps no logs whatsoever
Very fast speeds
Works well with Kodi devices
Cons:
Doesn’t work in China
Our score:
4 out of 5
UP TO 10 DEVICES:IPVanish has a speedy network of servers and handles unlimited connections. It’s secure, private and offers beginner-friendly apps. Subscriptions include a 7-day money-back guarantee.
Read our full review of IPVanish.
IPVanish CouponSave up to 76% + 250GB of SugarSync encrypted cloud storageGET DEALDiscount applied automatically
5. Hotspot Shield
Works with iOS devicesTested Dec 2020
Apps Available:
PC
Mac
IOS
Android
Linux
Website:
www.Hotspotshield.com
Money-back guarantee: 45 DAYS
Hotspot Shield has a clean, modern iOS app that works with version 11 or higher. This VPN pegs some incredible speeds and can unblock plenty of streaming sites including Amazon Prime Video, Hulu, BBC iPlayer, and more. It has a server network comprising more than 3,200 servers in over 70 countries.
Hotspot Shield uses a proprietary protocol named Catapult Hydra, which is responsible for its excellent speeds. It uses military-grade encryption along with perfect forward secrecy, protection against leaks, and automatic wifi protection. This provider keeps minimal logs but doesn’t store your IP address past disconnection from the VPN.
You may connect up to five devices at once and aside from iOS, there are apps for Windows, MacOS, and Android. Hotspot Shield is introducing support for select routers too.
Pros:
iOS app for version 11 or higher
Blazing fast speeds
Strong encryption and other security features
Cons:
Customer support could use improvement
Our score:
4.5 out of 5
FAST AND SECURE:Hotspot Shield is very fast and boasts an excellent suite of security features. Plus it unblocks lots of streaming platforms. Plans come with a generous 45-day money-back guarantee.
Read our full review of Hotspot Shield.
Hotspot Shield CouponSpecial Deal - save 81% on the 3 year planGET DEALDiscount applied automatically
6. Surfshark
Works with iOS devicesTested Dec 2020
Apps Available:
PC
Mac
IOS
Android
Linux
Website:
www.Surfshark.com
Money-back guarantee: 30 DAYS
Surfshark is another solid choice for an iPhone VPN. Its easy-to-use app works with iOS 9 or above, enabling you to browse securely and access your favorite streaming sites. Surfshark unblocks multiple Netflix libraries, as well as Amazon Prime Video, BBC iPlayer, and Hulu. It has around 1,000 servers in more than 60 countries and switching between them is quick and simple.
Surfshark keeps no traffic or connection logs and secures your data with 256-bit encryption, perfect forward secrecy, leak protection, and a kill switch. You also get automatic wifi protection and split tunneling, among other features. Surfshark accepts bitcoin, which is helpful for signing up as anonymously as possible.
Desktop clients are available for Linux, MacOS, and Windows, and there’s a mobile app for Android. One of Surfshark’s standout features is it allows you to connect an unlimited number of devices at one time.
Pros:
Beginner-friendly iOS app for iOS 9 or above
Unblocks lots of streaming sites
Unlimited connections
Cons:
Smaller network than other providers
Speeds can be inconsistent
Our score:
4 out of 5
GREAT UNBLOCKER:Surfshark’s user-friendly apps are adept at accessing geo-restricted sites. Connections are reliable and secure. The company offers a 30-day money-back guarantee.
Read our full review of Surfshark.
Surfshark CouponGet 83% off a two-year plan + 3 months FREEGET DEALDiscount applied automatically
7. PrivateVPN
Works with iOS devicesTested Dec 2020
Apps Available:
PC
Mac
IOS
Android
Linux
Website:
www.PrivateVPN.com
Money-back guarantee: 30 DAYS
PrivateVPN offers a minimal yet functional app for iPhones running iOS 10 or above. It has a relatively small network of just over 150 servers in 60 countries, but is very powerful when it comes to unblocking. Netflix, Amazon Prime Video, Hulu, and BBC iPlayer pose no issues, and the same goes for most other streaming services we’ve tested.
PrivateVPN doesn’t maintain any logs of user data. Its security features include military-grade encryption, perfect forward secrecy, and protection against leaks. PrivateVPN accepts payment via bitcoin for an added layer of anonymity.
Apps are available for Windows, MacOS, and Android and up to six simultaneous connections are permitted.
Pros:
Intuitive app for iOS 10 or above
Fast speeds for streaming
Six-device limit
Cons:
Small network of servers
Live support isn’t around the clock
Our score:
4.5 out of 5
PRIVACY-FOCUSED:PrivateVPN has great speeds and it’s excellent at unblocking. It boasts solid security and privacy features and comes with a 30-day refund policy.
Read our full review of PrivateVPN.
PrivateVPN CouponSave 82% on the annual plan + 12 months extra FREE!GET DEALDiscount applied automatically
Can I use a free VPN for iPhone?
We recommend avoiding free VPN apps altogether as these can cause trouble for a number of reasons. First, many of the free VPNs you find listed in the App Store don’t offer what you expect from a true VPN. Many employ weak encryption standards and some don’t encrypt your data at all.
What’s more, many free VPNs make a habit of tracking user activity and using the data for targeted advertising or selling it for a profit.
Even if you do find a secure service, you’ll be disappointed with its performance. These services tend to have few servers and lots of users, which translates to slow speeds and poor connections. They’re also not very good at unblocking streaming sites and even if they were, you’d rarely get enough data allowance to watch a full show.
Overall, you’re better off paying a small fee for an iPhone VPN that gives you peace of mind and reliable performance.
How to set up a VPN on iPhone
If your chosen VPN provider has a native iOS app, as do those in our list above, setting up a VPN on your iPhone is simple. Just follow these steps.
Here’s how to set up a VPN on iPhone (or any iOS device):
Select a provider from the list and subscribe (we recommend ExpressVPN). Make a note of your login credentials.
Go to the App Store and search for your VPN provider’s name. Once you find the app, download and install it.
Log in to the app using your new credentials.
Choose the location or server you want to connect to (most apps show these in a dropdown list) and connect. Note that the first time you connect to a VPN server you may see a popup asking you to allow the VPN to change your configurations. Click Allow.
That’s it. You can now browse, stream, and download completely protected.
How to manually configure a VPN on iPhone
If your VPN service doesn’t come with an iOS app, there’s a VPN tool built into iOS that enables you to manually connect to your chosen VPN server. It’s fairly straightforward to set up, but you will need the following information before you begin:
The protocol you’ll be using
The VPN server address
Your username and password
If a certificate or shared secret is required, you will need to get this from your VPN provider
Once you have the required information, consult your VPN provider website for a setup tutorial or follow these general instructions:
Go to Settings > General > VPN.
Select Add VPN Configuration…
Hit Type and select your protocol. IKEv2 is preferable and offers a good balance between speed and security, but be sure to choose one that your VPN provider supports.
Then select Back and in the Add Configuration screen, complete the Description, Server, and Remote ID fields.
Enter your login information (your username and password). Some VPNs will require you to use a certificate, in which case you can select User Authentication > Certificate, then hit Back and add your certificate.
Select Done and you’ll return to the VPN screen.
Switch the Status toggle to the on (green) position.
Note that manually setting up an iPhone VPN will encrypt your internet traffic and replace your IP address, but you won’t get many of the other useful features found in VPN apps such as kill switches, leak protection, and automatic wifi protection. In addition, you have to set up each server separately, so you can’t simply switch between thousands of servers as you can in a VPN app.
Connecting multiple iOS devices to the VPN
Are you an Apple junkie? No problem! All of the iOS VPNs we recommended above allow for multiple simultaneous connections so you can connect your iPhone, iPad, Macbook, and any other supported device to the VPN at the same time. This is also useful if you share your VPN subscription with family members or roommates.
If that’s not enough for you, you might consider configuring the VPN connection to your wifi router. A router only counts as one device, and you can connect as many devices to it as you need and route them through the VPN. This also works for devices that don’t intuitively support VPNs, such as Apple TV.
If you’re not particularly tech-savvy, we recommend ExpressVPN’s pre-configured VPN routers. ExpressVPN makes the best VPN-enabled router firmware in the market. Note that you will need an ExpressVPN subscription.
Otherwise, you can configure a VPN on your own with a compatible router. Some routers come with firmware that supports VPN connections, while others don’t. If your existing router firmware doesn’t support VPNs, you may be able to replace it with an open-source alternative like DD-WRT or Tomato.
Note that you should use extreme caution when flashing new firmware to a router. Using firmware that’s incompatible with your exact router model or making a mistake during the flashing process could brick your router and leave it permanently damaged. The exact process varies from router to router.
Contents [hide]The best VPNs for iPhone1. ExpressVPN2. CyberGhost3. NordVPN4. IPVanish5. Hotspot Shield6. Surfshark7. PrivateVPNCan I use a free VPN for iPhone?How to set up a VPN on iPhoneHow to manually configure a VPN on iPhoneConnecting multiple iOS devices to the VPN
Black Friday VPN Deals EXTENDED
68% off + 3 mths FREEGet Deal >
Save 83%Get Deal >
3 Months FREEGet Deal >
What’s in this article?The best VPNs for iPhone1. ExpressVPN2. CyberGhost3. NordVPN4. IPVanish5. Hotspot Shield6. Surfshark7. PrivateVPNCan I use a free VPN for iPhone?How to set up a VPN on iPhoneHow to manually configure a VPN on iPhoneConnecting multiple iOS devices to the VPN
Latest Guides
Surveillance camera statistics: which cities have the most CCTV cameras?
August 15, 2019 / by Paul Bischoff
Guide to using public wifi safely and securely
October 9, 2018 / by Osman Husain
Popular Posts
10 Best SFTP and FTPS Servers Reviewed for 2020
February 27, 2019 / by Jon Watson
Best VPNs for Netflix: Get any version of Netflix anywhere
January 5, 2019 / by Paul Bischoff
10 Best VPNs for Torrenting Safely and Privately in 2020
January 1, 2019 / by Paul Bischoff
How to make your own free VPN with Amazon Web Services
May 15, 2018 / by Paul Bischoff
A beginner’s guide to online censorship
August 26, 2017 / by Paul Bischoff
Latest Cloud and Online Backup
10 Best Secure File Sharing Tools & Software for Business in 2020
October 21, 2019 / by Tim Keary
Rapidshare is discontinued, try these alternatives
February 4, 2019 / by Aimee O'Driscoll
The 5 Best Edge Services Providers
October 15, 2018 / by Stephen Cooper
The best apps to encrypt your files before uploading to the cloud
October 11, 2018 / by Paul Bischoff
Is Dropbox Secure? 9 Ways To Make The File Sharing Service Safer To Use
December 28, 2017 / by David Gilbert
Latest Information Security
Top online degrees in cyber security (Bachelor’s)
December 8, 2020 / by Aimee O'Driscoll
Computer forensics analyst career guide
December 4, 2020 / by Aimee O'Driscoll
What is Trojan Horse malware and how can you avoid it?
November 26, 2020 / by Marc Dahan
Graylog Review and Alternatives
November 26, 2020 / by John Cirelly
Cybersecurity jobs overview: Earn a high-paying job in cybersecurity
November 23, 2020 / by Sam Cook
Latest VPN & Privacy
How to watch DStv online from anywhere with a VPN
December 10, 2020 / by Ian Garland
NordVPN vs PrivateVPN
December 10, 2020 / by Ian Garland
10 Best free and paid secure email services in 2020 – ranked
December 10, 2020 / by Marc Dahan
Is AT&T throttling your bandwidth? How to stop throttling with a VPN
December 10, 2020 / by Paul Bischoff
What is a VPN kill switch and do you need one?
December 10, 2020 / by Paul Bischoff
Latest Crypto
How Do People Feel About Cryptocurrencies?
July 31, 2019 / by Paul Bischoff
The Biggest Cryptocurrency Heists of All Time
June 28, 2019 / by Theo Tsihitas
Understanding cryptography’s role in blockchains
April 10, 2019 / by Josh Lake
How to buy and pay with bitcoin anonymously
April 18, 2018 / by Aimee O'Driscoll
What bitcoin is and how to buy it and use it
April 6, 2018 / by Aimee O'Driscoll
Latest Crypto Popular Posts
How to buy and pay with bitcoin anonymously
April 18, 2018 / by Aimee O'Driscoll
What is Bitcoin mining and how can you do it?
March 7, 2018 / by Aimee O'Driscoll
15 best bitcoin wallets for 2020 (that are safe and easy to use)
February 25, 2018 / by Aimee O'Driscoll
Latest Data Recovery Software
11 Best Data Loss Prevention Software Tools
April 18, 2019 / by Stephen Cooper
Latest IPTV
Is Facebook profiting from illegal streaming?
June 11, 2019 / by Sam Cook
How to set up IPTV on Perfect Player
January 31, 2019 / by Tom Blackstone
Kodi Solutions IPTV: What is Kodi Solutions? Is it your next IPTV?
September 24, 2018 / by Tom Blackstone
Area 51 IPTV: What is Area 51 IPTV and should you use it?
September 23, 2018 / by Tom Blackstone
Terrarium TV shut down: Use these top 10 Terrarium TV alternatives
September 18, 2018 / by Sam Cook
Latest Identity Theft Protection
How to delete online accounts and reduce your security risks
February 3, 2020 / by Sam Cook
Identity fraud on Upwork and other freelance sites threatens gig economy integrity
July 30, 2019 / by Sam Cook
Consumer interest in checking credit scores jumped 230 percent in a decade. Here’s why that’s a dangerous trend
February 20, 2019 / by Sam Cook
Latest Kodi
Can You Watch Tyson vs Jones on Kodi?
August 13, 2020 / by Sam Cook
How to install the PBS Kids Kodi addon
September 25, 2019 / by Ian Garland
How to watch AEW – All Out Free on Kodi with a VPN
August 30, 2019 / by William Elcock
How to watch the US Open Tennis 2019 on Kodi – free livestream
August 16, 2019 / by William Elcock
How to download and install Kodi Leia 18.3 on Firestick
August 13, 2019 / by Ian Garland
Latest Kodi Popular Posts
Can you watch Bellator 223: Mousasi vs. Lovato on Kodi?
June 21, 2019 / by Sam Cook
How to watch the French Open on Kodi
May 21, 2019 / by Sam Cook
How to watch the NCAA Frozen Four and Championship on Kodi
April 10, 2019 / by Sam Cook
How to watch the 2019 NCAA Final Four and Championship game on Kodi
April 5, 2019 / by Sam Cook
30+ Best Kodi Addons in December 2020 (of 130+ tested)
March 15, 2019 / by Ian Garland
Latest Net Admin
9 Best Network Security Tools
December 4, 2020 / by Stephen Cooper
5 Best Real User Monitoring Tools & Services
December 4, 2020 / by Stephen Cooper
9 Best NGINX Monitoring Tools
December 1, 2020 / by Tim Keary
Graylog vs Splunk Analysis and Breakdown
November 27, 2020 / by John Cirelly
Sumo Logic vs Splunk
November 27, 2020 / by John Cirelly
Latest Net Admin Popular Posts
11 Best Free TFTP Servers for Windows, Linux and Mac
February 28, 2019 / by Jon Watson
10 Best SFTP and FTPS Servers Reviewed for 2020
February 27, 2019 / by Jon Watson
12 Best NetFlow Analyzers & Collector Tools for 2020
January 23, 2019 / by John Kimball
Best Bandwidth Monitoring Tools – Free Tools to Analyze Network Traffic Usage
December 21, 2018 / by John Kimball
Latest Online backup
10 Best Secure File Sharing Tools & Software for Business in 2020
October 21, 2019 / by Tim Keary
Latest Plex
Watch your Plex library in Kodi with the Plex Kodi addon
December 24, 2017 / by Aaron Phillips
How to set up Plex on Chromecast and get the most out of it
December 7, 2017 / by Aaron Phillips
Plex vs Kodi: Which streaming software is right for you?
November 1, 2017 / by Aaron Phillips
Installing and using the Fire TV Plex app
October 31, 2017 / by Aaron Phillips
The best Plex plugins: 25 of our favorites (Updated)
September 20, 2017 / by Aaron Phillips
Latest Plex Popular Posts
The best Plex plugins: 25 of our favorites (Updated)
September 20, 2017 / by Aaron Phillips
How to get started streaming with Plex media server
September 20, 2017 / by Aaron Phillips
Selectively routing Plex through your VPN
September 20, 2017 / by Aaron Phillips
Latest Sports Streaming
How to watch Errol Spence vs Danny Garcia live online
December 4, 2020 / by Mark Gill
How to live stream Tyson v Jones online from anywhere
November 27, 2020 / by Sam Cook
How to watch NCAA College Basketball 2020-2021 season online
November 24, 2020 / by Ian Garland
How to watch Terence Crawford vs Kell Brook live online
November 13, 2020 / by Mark Gill
How to watch AEW Full Gear 2020 live online from anywhere
November 6, 2020 / by Ian Garland
Latest Sports Streaming Popular Posts
How to watch Gervonta Davis vs Leo Santa Cruz live online
October 20, 2020 / by Sam Cook
How to watch Vasiliy Lomachenko vs Teofimo Lopez live online
October 16, 2020 / by Sam Cook
How to watch Deontay Wilder vs Tyson Fury 2 heavyweight world title fight
February 21, 2020 / by Sam Cook
How to watch the Stanley Cup Final 2020 live online from anywhere
May 26, 2019 / by Sam Cook
How to watch Super Bowl LIV (54) free online anywhere in the world
February 2, 2019 / by Sam Cook
Latest TV Streaming
How to watch Tin Star season 3 online
December 9, 2020 / by Ian Garland
How to watch The Challenge: Double Agents (Season 36) online
December 8, 2020 / by Mark Gill
How to watch Attack on Titan season 4 online from anywhere
December 6, 2020 / by Ian Garland
How to watch Blue Bloods season 11 online
December 3, 2020 / by Ian Garland
How to watch the Saved by the Bell 2020 series online (outside the US)
November 24, 2020 / by Mark Gill
Latest TV Streaming Popular Posts
How to watch Winter Love Island 2020 online from abroad (stream it free)
May 30, 2019 / by Ian Garland
How to watch Game of Thrones Season 8 free online
April 14, 2019 / by Sam Cook
How to watch Super Bowl LIV (54) free online anywhere in the world
February 2, 2019 / by Sam Cook
How to watch Super Bowl LIV (54) on Kodi: Live stream anywhere
January 29, 2019 / by William Elcock
Latest Utilities
6 Best screen recorders for Windows 10 in 2020
June 23, 2020 / by Aimee O'Driscoll
Best video downloaders for Windows 10 in 2020
June 16, 2020 / by Aimee O'Driscoll
12 best video editing software for beginners in 2020
June 11, 2020 / by Aimee O'Driscoll
Best video conferencing software for small businesses
March 20, 2020 / by Aimee O'Driscoll
Best video converters for Mac in 2020 (free and paid)
August 12, 2019 / by Aimee O'Driscoll
Comments
Leave a Reply Cancel replyCommentName
Email
reCaptcha challenge is not working! Check browser requirement
This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is processed.
BLACK FRIDAY EXTENDED
3 MONTHS FREE
+ SAVE 68%
Get 3 months FREE >>
No thanks
PRIVACY ALERT: Websites you visit can find out who you are
The following information is available to any site you visit:
Your IP Address:
Your Location:
Your Internet Provider:
This information can be used to target ads and monitor your internet usage.
Using a VPN will hide these details and protect your privacy.
We recommend using NordVPN - #1 of 42 VPNs in our tests. It offers outstanding privacy features and is currently available with three months extra free.
Visit NordVPN