https://www.mediapro.com/privacy-awareness-trainingpack/
Make sure your workforce is actively protecting sensitive data.
Make sure your workforce is actively protecting sensitive data.
Check out the courses included in the Privacy Awareness TrainingPack
Trusted Leader in Security and Privacy Awareness Training
MediaPRO Recognized As a Leader in the Gartner Magic Quadrant ... Six Years Running!
Get the Report
The Privacy Awareness TrainingPack includes
Training Courses
All Privacy Awareness Courses
Pre-Assessment Tool
Based on results of a pre-test, MediaPRO automatically delivers only the training employees need (employees can test out of courses)
Reinforcement Materials
Deploy engaging reinforcement materials, such as animations, games, and interactive videos, to ensure learners retain the information.
Tailor Courses
Only MediaPRO TrainingPacks come with CourseFlexTM technology. CourseFlex gives you the ability deliver courses as-is, easily tailor them, or build your own from pre-built topics.
Microlearning Courses
Take advantage of short, impactful courses on a variety of security topics. Each course is less than 10 minutes long.
Customer Success Manager
All TrainingPacks come with a MediaPRO Customer Success Manager* who ensures your success from on-boarding through support.
Phishing Simulator
Optional
You can purchase TrainingPacks with or without our Phishing Simulator.
Additional Languages
Optional
TrainingPacks are available in 21 different languages.
MediaPRO Customization
Optional
There’s a lot you can do on your own to tailor TrainingPack courses. But, if you need to embed workplace-specific scenarios, add custom graphics, or change voice-overs, MediaPRO customization services can do all of that for you, and more.
LMS
Optional
Courses are SCORM-enabled so you can run TrainingPacks on your LMS or on ours.
TrainingPack course content is continually refreshed, and new content is added to reflect the latest regulations and standards - all included with your subscription.*Levels of Customer Success support depend on the subscription(s) and/or service(s) purchased.
Our Clients' Success
“We selected MediaPRO because we wanted something fun and engaging for our employees that’s also easy to roll out for our administrators.”
– Retail, IT Manager
“We’ve definitely seen an increase in overall awareness and questions about suspicious emails from the phishing training we have rolled out.”
– Insurance, Information Security Analyst
“We looked at several solutions but MediaPRO was the only one that could deploy on our LMS that we use company-wide.”
– Higher Education System, IT Security Mgr.
“We really like that the courses are smaller and more focused so that we can increase employee retention.”
– Bank, CIO
See what MediaPRO can do for your organization
With over 10M users taught and 40M+ courses delivered the time is now to transformyour security and privacy awareness program.
Learn More
Take a closer look at our Privacy Awareness TrainingPack Courses
MediaPRO TrainingPack courses are interactive and engaging, with the right mix of humor and professionalism. You can use courses as-is, easily modify them, or quickly build your own from pre-built topics.
Check out the Courses
WHITE PAPER
Four Tips to Avoid Privacy Whack-a-Mole with Privacy Awareness Training
If you’re trying to keep your company up-to-date with changing privacy requirements, you may feel like you’re playing a never-ending game of Whack-a-Mole. Learn four tips to build a business-as-usual data privacy culture in your organization.
Get My Copy
Our Enterprise TrainingPack combines the Security and Privacy Awareness TrainingPacks.
Contact Us to find out more about what’s included.
The Enterprise TrainingPack includes
Training Courses
All Security Awareness and Privacy Awareness Courses
Pre-assessment Tool
Based on results of a pre-test, MediaPRO automatically delivers only the training employees need (employees can test-out of courses)
Reinforcement Materials
Deploy engaging reinforcement materials, such as animations, games, and interactive videos, to ensure learners retain the information.
Ability to Tailor Courses
Only MediaPRO TrainingPacks come with CourseFlexTM technology. CourseFlex gives you the ability deliver courses as-is, easily tailor them, or build your own from pre-built topics.
Microlearning Courses
Take advantage of short, impactful courses on a variety of security topics – each course is under 10 minutes in length
Customer Success Manager
All TrainingPacks come with a MediaPRO Customer Success Manager* who ensures your success from on-boarding through support.
Phishing Simulator
Optional
You can purchase TrainingPacks with or without our Phishing Simulator.
Additional Languages
Optional
TrainingPacks are available in 21 different languages*
MediaPRO Customization
Optional
There’s a lot you can do on your own to tailor TrainingPack courses. But, if you need to embed workplace-specific scenarios, add custom graphics, or change voice-overs, MediaPRO customization services can do all of that for you, and more.*
LMS
Optional
Courses are SCORM-enabled so you can run TrainingPacks our your LMS or on ours.
TrainingPack course content is continually refreshed, and new content is added to reflect the latest regulations and standards - all included with your subscription.
*Levels of Customer Success support depend on the subscription(s) and/or service(s) purchased.
Request A Demo
Contact Us
Learn more about MediaPRO TrainingPacks and Phishing Simulator
More Resources
2020 State of Privacy and Security Awareness Report
Explore the current state of employee knowledge in cybersecurity and data privacy with our 2020 State of Privacy and Security Awareness Report.
Read the Report
Free Toolkit: Staying Secure While Working from Home
Keep security top of mind while your employees are working remotely with our free toolkit. No kidding. Really free.
Get Toolkit
10 Steps to A Successful Simulated Phishing Program
This guide walks through the steps to take to establish a simulated phishing program and provides phishing program ideas.
Download Guide
{
On-Demand Webinar: Privacy Culture for GDPR, CCPA & Beyond
×
Building A Privacy Culture in the Age of Regulation
Join MediaPRO’s Tom Pendergast for an on-demand webinar on BrightTALK exploring some key best practices around aligning your culture with privacy laws and changing the mental models of your employees.
Watch Now
×
This website uses cookies to enhance your experience and allow us to see how the site is used. The cookies cannot identify you. To continue to use this site using cookies, please click OK to the right.
If you would like to view this site without cookies, go to your Browser Settings. Learn more about our cookies policy.OK