http://www.internettourbus.com/privacy.htm
TOURBUS Site Search
"Thank you for this service. It is a darn darn good series and very helpful." -- Horace B., New Zealand
CONTENTS
TOURBUS HOME
SUBSCRIBEUNSUBSCRIBE
ARCHIVES
TOURBUS FaQ
The Classics
FREE SCREENSAVER
VERY STRANGE THINGS
POP QUIZ!
WARP THE BUSDRIVERS
VIRUS PREVENTION101
EAT YOUR COOKIES
URBAN LEGENDCOMBAT KIT
CHEEZIE GOLDFISH!
WARNING, DANGER!
Our Privacy Policy
Your Email Address is Safe
SPAM, (unsolicited junk e-mail) is the bane of the Internet, and we hate it as much
as you do.
In fact, the publishers of The Internet Tourbus have been quite active over
the years in educating their readers about spam, where it comes from, and how to avoid it.
Because we respect your privacy, we pledge that we will not rent, sell or otherwise reveal your e-mail address to
any third party.
Simply put, your e-mail address is safe with us!
We further protect privacy and e-mail security in general by requiring that new
subscribers confirm their subscriptions. This prevents people from harassing
others by subscribing them to something they may not want.
When you submit a
subscription request to Tourbus, you will receive a machine-generated message
asking you to confirm the subscription.
You must reply to this message before
your subscription will be activated.
And of course, you may always cancel your
subscription to our newsletter at any time.
Editorial Mail
Email messages sent to Tourbus staff are considered public statements
and become the property of Internet Tourbus.
Unless noted otherwise in
the message itself, we may publish such messages in whole or in part.
Such publication may include your name and location, but per our e-mail
privacy policy will not include your e-mail address.
Security
Tourbus has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of
the information under our control.
Our Web server is hosted by WestHost.com in Logan,
Utah, and our LISTSERV server is hosted by America Online in Dulles, Virginia.
Our
subscriber database is located on the LISTSERV server, and is accessible only by the
list owners and LISTSERV technical staff.
Logs
The Tourbus website runs on a standard unix web server that logs
visitor information such as the type of browser you are using, your IP
address, time, date, and pages viewed.
An IP address does not reveal the identify of a website visitor - it only
reveals the identify of the visitor's Internet Service Provider. We use IP addresses
to help diagnose possible problems encountered on our Web server.
An IP address may
be used to gather broad demographic information -- although this information is
kept for internal use only.
Neither your email address nor any other personally identifiable information
is stored in the server log.
Use of Browser Cookies
Browser cookies are currently not used on our site, but that's not because we think
they are harmful.
Cookies have the potential to add useful functionality to a website,
and enhance the visitor's browsing experience in many ways.
In the case where outside companies display ads on our site, any cookies
received with banner ads are collected by the ad company, and we do not have
access to that information.
Links to Other Sites
Our site and newsletter contain links to other sites.
Tourbus is not responsible for
the content or privacy practices of said destinations.
If you have comments or questions about this site, please send email to:
webmaster@tourbus.com.
Thoughts on striking a balance...
"Most people don't pay attention to the calm voice of reason unless it's juxtaposed by screaming idiots on either side of the fence."
TOURBUS - Copyright © 1995 -
, Bob Rankin and Patrick Crispen
All rights reserved - Redistribution is allowed only with permission.
Privacy Policy
Link Up!
Archives:
2008
2007
2006
2005
2004
2003
2002
2001
2000
Subscribe to the Tourbus newsletter to learn about
search engines, cool sites, free stuff, viruses, hoaxes, urban legends, internet tools and tips, cookies,
and more!