https://www.susandaffron.com/privacy-policy/
You are here: Home / Privacy PolicyLogical Expressions, Inc. operates the www.SusanDaffron.com site, which showcases print and digital books by Susan Daffron and blog posts by the author.
At Logical Expressions, we know that you value your privacy, so we want you to know that your personal information is completely confidential. This page is used to inform you about our policies related to the collection, use, and disclosure of personal information if you sign up to receive emails or other services Logical Expressions, Inc. may offer in the future.
If you subscribe to receive emails from us through one of our forms, to send you those emails or sell you a product, we need your e-mail address. However, our privacy policy is very simple: we will never rent, sell, or give away your name, e-mail address, or other personal information to anyone else.
Similarly, if you send us an e-mail directly or through one of our contact forms, we use your return email addresses to answer the e-mail. However, we don’t use your address for any other purpose and we absolutely do not share it with any outside parties.
Opting Out
If you decide you want to stop receiving emails from us, you can always “opt-out.” The unsubscribe instructions appear at the bottom of every email we send through our newsletter services.
Note that LEI is the sole owner of the information collected on our sites. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via e-mail or other direct contact from you. We will not ever sell, rent, or give away this information to anyone.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can opt out by contacting us using one of the methods given below. Here’s a list of the information we collect and how we use it.
Log Data
Like most sites on the Internet, all Logical Expressions, Inc. Web sites automatically track certain general information about your visit so we know how many people visit the site, which browsers they are using, what Web page they came from, and which pages they visited on our site. This information helps us monitor customer traffic and site usage to help us improve the content, design, and layout of the site.
When you visit Logical Expressions, Inc., our Web server gathers this information by tracing your domain name (such as aol.com, for example) but not your e-mail address. Note that none of this information is used (or can be used) to identify you personally.
Service Providers
We employ third-party companies and individuals to:
Facilitate our book notification and promotional newsletters and related email services: MailChimp (Privacy and Terms) and Send Pulse (Privacy).
Help us analyze how our site is performing: Google Analytics. Click to read about how Google complies with data protection laws.
These third parties may have access to your personal information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Payments
We use PayPal to process payments. So if you want to buy a book, software or otherwise pay us for something by credit card, PayPal would need your name, e-mail address, address, telephone number, and credit card information which we then use to fulfill your order and to deliver information to you regarding your order. That is governed by PayPal’s privacy policy.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure any information we collect online. Our sites are secured using Hyper Text Transfer Protocol Secure (HTTPS), which is the secure version of HTTP, the protocol over which data is sent between your browser and the website. The ‘S’ at the end of HTTPS stands for ‘Secure’. It means all communications between your browser and the website are encrypted. However, no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links
Our Web sites contain links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. Many of the links open a new browser window, so it’s clear you are no longer on our site. However, we do encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Feedback
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy or if you have any questions, comments, or ideas regarding our privacy practices, please contact us at:
Logical Expressions, Inc.
P.O. Box 383
Ponderay, ID 83852-0383
Click to contact us by email
Release Notices
Subscribe with the form below to receive an email notice when Susan releases a new book and get some fun free “special features” too!
Email Address (required)
First Name
Last Name
Recent Posts
Reflections Upon One Million Words in 5 Years
How to remember character details without losing your mind
Cover Reveal: Sensing Trouble (Jennings and O’Shea – Book 1)
Could you use a laugh? (I could.)
Need an escape? Get 60 free and .99 ebooks Nov 18-19
Fun and a Whole Lot of Fur
Cover Reveal – Daydream Retriever (Alpine Grove #10)
Musings
Business
Furry Thoughts
Recreation
Rural Living
Technology
Vegan Stuff
Writing & Publishing
Alpine Grove Novels
Ebooks
Jennings and O’Shea Novels
Marketing
Promotion
Self Publishing
Writing
Pets
Cats
Dogs
Misc Pet
Rescue
Site Archives