https://www.troi.com/support/online-help/
Press enter to begin your search
Online help
Troi Activator Plug-in function and script step reference
Troi Dialog Plug-in function and script step reference
Troi Encryptor Plug-in function and script step reference
Troi File Plug-in function and script step reference
Troi Serial Plug-in function and script step reference
Troi Text Plug-in function and script step reference
Troi URL Plug-in function and script step reference
© 2020 Troi Automatisering | Privacy Policy | Change cookie settings
HOME
PRODUCTS
ACTIVATOR
DIALOG
ENCRYPTOR
FILE
SERIAL
TEXT
URL
SHOP
SUPPORT
ONLINE HELP
FAQS
COMPATIBILITY
INSTALLATION
TROI
ABOUT US
PRIVACY POLICY
NEWS
SUBSCRIBE
CONTACT
We are using cookies to improve our website. You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.
Accept
Close GDPR Cookie Settings
Privacy Overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies
3rd Party Cookies
Powered by  GDPR Cookie Compliance
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognizing you when you return to our website and helping us to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
You can adjust all of your cookie settings by navigating the tabs on the left hand side.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
Enable or Disable Cookies
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
3rd Party Cookies
This website uses Google Analytics to collect anonymous information such as the number of visitors to the site, and the most popular pages.
Keeping this cookie enabled helps us to improve our website.
Enable or Disable Cookies
Please enable Strictly Necessary Cookies first so that we can save your preferences!
Enable All
Save Changes