https://www.jinfonet.com/privacy/
Skip to content
ProductLogi Report Overview Dashboards Reporting Software Data Visualization Logi Report Server See Demo Pricing
SolutionsEmbedded Analytics OEM Customization Self-Service Analytics Customer Case Studies
LearnVideos Webinars eBooks Datasheets FAQ BI Defined
SupportServices and Training User Guide & Tutorial Knowledge Base Contact Support
Jinfonet.com Privacy Policy
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve users. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your information in accordance with our website.
What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our blog, website or app? When registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, phone number or other details to help you with your experience.
When do we collect information? We collect information from you when you register on our site, fill out a form, Use Live Chat or enter information on our site.
How do we use personal information and what reasons do we have for doing so where the GDPR applies?
We will use your personal information for the purpose of providing our services to you or your organization. In addition to using your personal information to provide our services to you or your organization, this information may be used:
to administer our services including contacting you in relation to payments; to verify your identity, respond to your requests, and contact you when necessary; to provide you with news, information and material in relation to our services or direct marketing and promotional content of us, our partners and affiliates; to monitor who is accessing our website or using our services; to profile the type of people using our website or services; to improve our website or services; and as otherwise permitted by law.
Where the GDPR applies we rely on the following lawful reasons to collect and use your personal data and on occasion more than one lawful reason (basis) set out below may apply to the processing:
our legitimate interests in marketing and providing our goods and services globally for both our benefit and that of our customers and contacts interested in what we provide; to perform or enter into any contract we may have with you; to comply with our legal obligations; to protect your vital interests or that of another person (e.g. in an emergency); or where you consent to the processing where we ask you to (e.g. for certain sorts of marketing or other processing where the law either requires this or where it is our policy from time to time to seek consent for such processing).
Third-party services
Our website may contain links and pointers to third-party services. These links to third party services are provided for your convenience only. Third party services are not under our control and we are not responsible for third party services (including the suitability for your intended use of the third party services). We do not endorse or recommend any third party services or any associated provider organization or their product or services. You should make your inquiries as to the suitability of any third party service. Third party services may also utilize cookies. You are responsible for reading the privacy policies or statements associated with the third party services.
To whom do we disclose personal information
We may also disclose personal information from time to time to our partners and affiliates who may be located in different countries inside or outside the EU, including, but not limited to, our partners and affiliates in the UK, the United States, Singapore, Japan and China. Please note that some countries outside the UK or EU (including Australia) do not have the same data protection laws as the UK or EU. We will ensure that any transfer to such countries of your personal information in cases where the GDPR applies to such transfer, either by us or by any third party supplier to whom we provide your information, will (unless the European Commission considers their laws adequate) be subject to appropriate or suitable relevant safeguards (e.g. legally binding contract containing European Commission-approved model clauses or terms consistent with them, or for transfers to the US, the EU-US Privacy Shield) to the extent required under the GDPR that are designed to help safeguard your privacy rights and give you remedies in the unlikely event of a misuse of your personal information. If you have any queries about the basis upon which we may transfer your personal information outside of Australia please contact us (our contact details are below in Section 14). For transfers out of Australia, we note that Australian Privacy Principle 8.1 (reasonable steps to be taken prior to cross-border disclosure of personal information) will not apply to such disclosure (although in some cases GDPR may still impose a higher requirement).
Your rights
Under the GDPR (where it applies), you have a number of important rights free of charge. In summary, those include rights to:
fair processing of information and transparency over how we use your use personal information that this Privacy Notice is already designed to address access to your personal information and to certain other supplementary information require us to correct any mistakes in your information which we hold require the erasure of personal information concerning you in certain situations receive the personal information concerning you which you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and have the right to transmit those data to a third party in certain situations object at any time to processing of personal information concerning you for direct marketing object to decisions being taken by automated means which produce legal effects concerning you or similarly significantly affect you object in certain other situations to our continued processing of your personal information where the processing is based on your consent you may withdraw your consent at any time otherwise restrict our processing of your personal information in certain circumstances.
For further information on each of those rights, including the circumstances in which they apply, see for example the Guidance from the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) on individuals’ rights under the General Data Protection Regulation. If you would like to exercise any of those rights, please:
email, call or write to us (contact details below) and let us have enough information to identify you [(eg account number, user name, registration details)], let us have proof of your identity and address (a copy of your driving license or passport and a recent utility or credit card bill), and let us know the information to which your request relates, including any account or reference numbers, if you have them.
Can I opt-out of providing personal information?
The provision of your personal information is required in order to access, or use, our website, to enable us to provide you with the services or to contact you for marketing or promotional purposes. If you do not wish to have your personal information used or disclosed in a manner described in this Privacy Policy, you can contact us. However, you may not be able to access, or use, all or part of our website or services. In addition, we may still use or disclose that information if:
we subsequently notify you of the intended disclosure and you do not object to that use or disclosure; we believe that the use or disclosure is reasonably necessary to assist a law enforcement agency or an agency responsible for government or public security in the performance of their functions; to enforce our terms and conditions or to protect our rights; to protect the safety of members of the public and users of our website and services; or we are required by law to disclose the information.
Can I opt-out of promotional and marketing content?
You may elect to opt-out of receiving direct marketing and promotional communications by contacting us by email at the address below, or by any other simple means to opt-out we provide you. However, some of our services may include a direct marketing and promotional communications feature as part of the Service which cannot be removed and, as such, you may not be able to access or use some of our website or services if you elect to opt-out of all direct promotional and marketing communications.
Data security and storage; how long we keep your information
We will take reasonable steps to protect all personal information which we hold from misuse, loss and from unauthorized access, modification or disclosure. You should be aware that, when using our website or our services, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed as completely secure. We do not warrant the security of any information you transmit to us over the internet and you do so at your own risk. We will continue to store and hold your personal information indefinitely, until such time as we no longer need it for any purpose for which the information may be used or disclosed under this Privacy Policy or under applicable privacy or data protection laws or (if earlier, and subject to the next paragraph) a reasonable time after you ask us to delete it. We typically retain data for as long as we are providing goods or services to you and for a period of up to six years (or longer if the legal limitation period is greater). We will destroy, delete or de-identify your personal information within a reasonable time after the end of the period mentioned in the previous paragraph unless we are required to retain it by law.
How can you access and correct or ask us to delete or cease processing your personal information?
We encourage you to update us regularly with your personal information to ensure we hold information about you that is up-to-date, accurate and complete. You may make a request for access to or correction of any personal information we hold about you. We may request you to verify your identity before processing your request. A fee will not apply to making a request for access or update to or deletion of your personal information. A fee may apply and be charged for providing the information to you. The fee covers the cost to us in collating, copying and providing certain information to you. We will only charge this fee where it is lawful for us to do so. In some circumstances where we correct a record, we may still require retention of the original record. In some circumstances, we may refuse to provide you with access to or correct your personal information including, but not limited to, where:
giving access would have an unreasonable impact on the privacy of others; the information relates to existing or anticipated legal proceedings, and the information would not be discoverable in those proceedings; giving access would be unlawful; denying access is otherwise required or authorized by law; or the request for access is frivolous or vexatious.
If we refuse to provide you with access to or correct your personal information, we will provide you with an explanation in writing. Please note that if the GDPR applies to you then you will have additional rights (see section 9) and where your GDPR rights are different from what is stated here then we will respect your GDPR rights in preference to the rights in this Section 13.
How to contact us or complain
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, wish to access or correct or make an inquiry regarding or request that we delete or cease processing any personal information relating to you which may be in our possession, have a query regarding our privacy practices, have a complaint in relation to a breach of applicable privacy or data protection laws, or would like to request a printed copy of this Privacy Policy, please contact our Global Privacy Manager at:
postal address: 2275 Research Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850, United States email: marketing@jinfonet.com
We would ask that any complaint should be made first in writing to us. We will then respond to your complaint in writing and in accordance with any timeframes required by law. We may require you to provide further information about your complaint to duly assess your complaint. If for any reason you do not wish to complain to us initially or if you are unhappy with how we propose to resolve your complain then complaint may also be made to the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner. Please note that where it applies, the GDPR also gives you right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, in particular in the EU (or European Economic Area) state where you work, normally live or where any alleged infringement of data protection laws occurred. The supervisory authority in the UK is the Information Commissioner who may be contacted at https://ico.org.uk/concerns or telephone: 0303 123 1113.
How do we protect your information? We only provide articles and information. We never ask for credit card numbers. We use regular Malware Scanning. Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information We implement a variety of security measures when a user enters, submits, or accesses their information to maintain the safety of your personal information.
Do we use ‘cookies’? Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site’s or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember what content you’ve downloaded. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
We use cookies to:
Understand and save user’s preferences for future visits. Keep track of advertisements. Compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interactions in order to offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may also use trusted third-party services that track this information on our behalf.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings. Since browser is a little different, look at your browser’s Help Menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
If users disable cookies in their browser: If you turn cookies off, Some of the features that make your site experience more efficient may not function properly.
Third-party disclosure We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your Personally Identifiable Information.
Third-party links We do not include or offer third-party products or services on our website.
Google Google’s advertising requirements can be summed up by Google’s Advertising Principles. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users. https://support.google.com/adwordspolicy/answer/1316548?hl=en We use Google AdSense Advertising on our website. Google, as a third-party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site. Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on previous visits to our site and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt-out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google Ad and Content Network privacy policy. We have implemented the following:
Remarketing with Google AdSense Google Display Network Impression Reporting Demographics and Interests Reporting
We, along with third-party vendors such as Google use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) or other third-party identifiers together to compile data regarding user interactions with ad impressions and other ad service functions as they relate to our website.
Opting Users can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Settings page. Alternatively, you can opt out by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative Opt Out page or by using the Google Analytics Opt Out Browser add on.
According to CalOPPA, we agree to the following: Users can visit our site anonymously. Our Privacy Policy link includes the word ‘Privacy’ and can easily be found on the page specified above. You will be notified of any Privacy Policy changes:
On our Privacy Policy Page
Can change your personal information:
By emailing us By calling us By chatting with us or by sending us a support ticket
CAN SPAM Act The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations. We collect your email address in order to:
Send information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions Market to our mailing list or continue to send emails to our clients after the original transaction has occurred.
To be in accordance with CANSPAM, we agree to the following:
Not use false or misleading subjects or email addresses. Identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way. Include the physical address of our business or site headquarters. Monitor third-party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used. Honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly. Allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each email.
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can email us at
Follow the instructions at the bottom of each email.
and we will promptly remove you from ALL correspondence.
Contacting Us If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below. jinfonet.com 2275 Research Blvd Rockville, Maryland 20850 United States marketing@jinfonet.com (240) 477-1000 Last Edited on 2018-03-01
Go to Top