https://www.dbswebsite.com/privacy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Updated: Nov 10, 2019
This notice discloses the privacy practices for www.dbswebsite.com.  In this document, we address:
What personally identifiable information (PII) is collected from you through this website
How we use the data we collect on you
With whom we share any personally identifiable information
Why we choose to collect this personally identifiable information
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data
The security procedures in place to protect your information
How you can correct any inaccuracies in this information
How we collect your information
We collect information about our website visitors in a variety of ways. By visiting this website, you agree to our collection and use of your personal data as described below. If you do not agree with the terms set out below, please do not visit this website.
DBS Interactive collects, records, and analyzes information on visitors to our website.
Voluntary Data Collected
If you have submitted one of the forms on our website, that will contain personally identifiable information. We collect such data that you voluntarily supply to us when you fill out one of the forms on this website. This information is stored on the webserver and sent via email to our site administrators. PII we collect through forms includes your name, email address, phone number, and employer or company name, job title, and for job applicants, resumes. If you provide social media details, DBS Interactive may retrieve publicly available information about you from social media. If you have not filled out any forms, then we will have no PII from you.
Involuntary Data Collected
Additionally, this website collects from all visitors your IP address and uses cookies. An IP Address is a unique string of numbers that identifies the computer, router or access point that you are using to access the internet. We use IP Address data solely to maintain the security of our website and servers, not for tracking purposes.
A cookie is a small amount of data stored on your hard drive to help us improve your access to and your experience on our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site, and improve it.
Through cookies, we collect anonymous traffic data including browser information, device information, and language.
All of this involuntary data that we collect is anonymous and contains no PII. For example, we do not have the ability to find the IP address of a specific (named) website visitor, email address or name (unless a form is submitted).
How we use your information
We will use your information to respond to you regarding the reason you contacted us if you have filled out a form.
Additionally, we use general traffic data to provide an overview of how people are accessing, navigating and using www.dbswebsite.com. It is not used for any additional purposes.
We never sell, rent, or share your personal information with any third party, except for third-party software we use to respond to you.
Persistent Cookies on our Website
We use the following cookie-based software on our website:
Google Analytics – we use Google Analytics and Google Tag Manager to understand how our site is used, so we can improve the user experience. User collected data is totally anonymous. This is done solely to understand and improve how users interact with our site. Read Google Analytics’ Privacy Position.
Facebook Pixel – we use the Facebook Pixel to help track the success of our marketing efforts on Facebook and Instagram. User data that we have access to is anonymous. Read Facebook’s Privacy Position.
Hubspot – we use HupSpot to help manage form submissions on our website to make sure we are answering you properly. This will include name, email address, organization, and phone number. More about HubSpot.
LinkedIn Insight Tag – we use the LinkedIn Insight Tag to collect data regarding members’ visits to our website, including the URL, referrer, IP address, device and browser characteristics (User Agent), and timestamp. LinkedIn does not share the personal data with us, it only provides reports (which do not identify you) about the website audience and ad performance. Read LinkedIn’s Privacy Position
Accessibility – cookies are used to identify users who have opted for the Accessibility features of our website so that the site is displayed differently.
Email Communications
Forms on this site include the option to opt-in to additional marketing emails from us. If you choose to opt-in, we may send you email communications in the future. These communications include but are not limited to, educational material, promotional material, and notifications about changes to this privacy policy.
You may opt-out of any future contact from us at any time by clicking an unsubscribe link in an email or calling us.
We use MailChimp to send marketing emails. Your name and email address are shared with MailChimp when you opt-in to receiving additional emails from DBS Interactive. Read MailChimp’s Privacy Position.
How we protect your information
DBS Interactive is committed to managing all data, including personally identifiable information, in accordance with all relevant laws and regulations, including Europe’s General Data Protection Regulation.
Data breach policy
In the event of a data breach, we will notify registered users of the details of the event, including what personally identifiable information was exposed and when the breach occurred. In situations where it not be practical to contact all impacted parties, DBS will take reasonable steps to publicize the statement (including publishing on the website). Read our policy here.
Data Protection Officer
Contact our Data Protection Officer for all matters related to privacy and data security:
DBS Interactive Data Protection Officer
privacy@dbsinteractive.com
517 S. 4th. St.
Louisville, KY 40202
When we disclose your information
We may disclose personally identifiable information to any third party only if such disclosure is required by law, or is desirable to permit us to exercise or preserve our legal rights or take action regarding potentially illegal activities or to protect the safety of any person.
In the event of a merger or acquisition, or any other transfer of data ownership, we will notify you of the change prior to the transfer of ownership.
Children
This website is not intended for children under the age of 18 and does not knowingly collect any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 18. If a parent or guardian believes that this website has collected the personally identifiable information of a child under the age of 18, please contact us.
Contacting us about your data
Please contact us for any relevant questions or concerns about user privacy, including:
Confirming exactly what personally identifiable information we have on record for you
Correcting incorrect personally identifiable information
Removing your personally identifiable information (erasure), with or without reason
Having a copy of your personally identifiable information sent to you
All questions and concerns can be directed to our Data Protection Officer:
DBS Interactive Data Protection Officer
privacy@dbsinteractive.com
517 S. 4th. St.
Louisville, KY 40202
Links to other sites
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of other websites. We encourage you to be aware of when you leave our site and then read the privacy policy on each new website you visit.
When this privacy policy changes
We may change this privacy policy and our data collection and management practices. We reserve the right to update changes to this privacy notice and to our practices in collecting and handling personally identifiable information.
If we make material changes, we will post a notice at this website and indicate at the top of this statement when it was most recently updated.
Contact Us
We are committed to delivering unparalleled service and real results.
Request a Quote
Our site uses cookies to collect the necessary data to improve your browsing
experience and customize content based on your interests.
Ok