http://www.sunhelp.org/disclaimer
Legal Information, Disclaimer, and Privacy Policy »
SunHELP
News, reviews, and reference information for users of
Oracle's Sun hardware and software
Links
About
Ask SunHELP
Disclaimer
Search
Help
FAQs
Hardware Info
Operating Systems
Other Sites
Security
Software
Sun Resources
Tutorials
References
UNIX Serial Port Resources
UNIX Sysadmin Resources
Mailing Lists
Geekslist
Geekslist Archives
Rescue
Rescue Archives
SPARCBook
SPARCBook Archives
SunHELP
SunHELP Archives
News
News Archives
News Feed
Community
Feature Articles
Local Resources
Mailing Lists
Product Reviews
Vendor Directory
Legal Information, Disclaimer, and Privacy Policy
THIS SITE IS INDEPENDENT OF AND DOES NOT REPRESENT
SUN MICROSYSTEMS, INC.
IN ANY WAY.
SUN MICROSYSTEMS, INC. DOES NOT OFFICIALLY SPONSOR, APPROVE,
OR ENDORSE THIS SITE OR ITS CONTENT.
This site is provided as an informational resource only, for owners
and users of computer systems and software produced by
Sun Microsystems, Inc. and compatible systems
running the SunOS or Solaris operating systems.
Copyright Information:
A list of Sun Microsystems, Inc. trademarks in the United States and other countries may be found at http://www.sun.com/suntrademarks/.
All SPARC trademarks are trademarks or registered trademarks of SPARC International, Inc. in the United States and other countries.
UNIX is a registered trademark in the United States and other countries, excusively licensed through The Open Group.
OPEN LOOK ™ is a registered trademark of Novell, Inc.
This site is provided “as is” and makes absolutely no warranty of any kind, either express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement with respect to the content of this site, the availability, competency, or licensing status of any content.
In no event will Bill Bradford be held liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, or consequential damages in connection with the use, misuse, existence, or failure of this web site or its content.
Bill Bradford shall have no liability for any data trasmitted on the site, and reserves the right to make changes to the content of this site for any reason without notification.
This site may include technichal inaccuracies or typographical errors.
Privacy Policy:
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (NOT including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.
If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here.