https://www.ftsafe.com/Support/privacyNotice
Please select your region
US & Canada
Other Regions
SolutionProductsFIDO Security KeyStandard FIDONFCMulti-InterfaceBiometriciOS Security KeyPower Card & Display CardOTP Display CardChip Embedded CardFingerprint CardPayment TerminalSmartPOS SeriesmPOS SeriesClassic POS SeriesAccessoriesPKI IdentificationStandard PKILCD/InteractiveBluetoothPKI CardSmart SDOTP AuthenticationSingle ButtonE-signatureQR Code OTPMobile/Watch OTPAuthentication SystemSeed ProgrammingSmart Card ReaderContactContactless(for PC)Dual InterfaceiOS ReaderBluetooth ReaderAudiojack ReaderSmart Card OSSoftware ProtectionCost EffectiveSmart Card ChipC51 VMCloud Service PlatformBlockChainSupportResourcesInquirySecurity KeyAbout FEITIANOverviewContact UsCertificationsPartnersPress ReleaseNewsletter
Store
Privacy
Notice
Version
1.0
The protection of your personal
data is of high importance to FEITIAN, therefore FEITIAN takes all
reasonable care to ensure that your personal data is processed
safely. When visiting our website (“Website”), you may share your
personal data with FEITIAN (Tower B, Huizhi Mansion, No.9 Xueqing
Road, Haidian District, 100085 Beijing, China) (“FEITIAN”),
acting as data controller for processing of personal data relating to
you as a (i) visitor of our websites or social media profiles/pages,
(ii) customer buying our products online or such a potential
customer, and to (iii) registered user of our services and products.
What
personal data do we collect from you?
Information
you voluntarily provide in contact forms, registration forms and
surveys, including (first and last) name, email address, telephone
number and preferences and subscriptions to our newsletters.
Website
log data when you use this Website: including your IP address, the
address of the web page you visited, your browser type and settings,
the date and time of your access, how you used this Website.
We
may also collect information about the device you are using to
access this Website: depending on the device you are using and its
settings, this information may include the type of device, the
device operating system, device settings, and unique device
identifiers.
What’s
your data used for?
Profiling:
Creating a profile of you, by
collecting and analyzing information on the preferences you select
and choices you make, as well as your general activities on this
Website, to be able to provide you with relevant content, offers and
services related to FEITIAN products, services and activities.
We also automatically receive and
store information from your web browser, such as IP address, language
preferences cookie information and the pages you visit, to log files
on our server. We use the information collected to respond to your
requests regarding products and services, to customize content and
recommend content on this website based on your interests and
preferences and to improve our services.
Communication
We collect personal data such as
name, e-mail address and other information which you voluntarily
provide, e.g. when you choose to interact with FEITIAN by signing up
for updates such as newsletters, deals and offers, webinars, trade
shows, events etc. through email (which you can opt-out from via a
link in each message sent through email). Those data also be used to
enable FEITIAN to address your requests and to respond to your
message as well as to enable content downloads related to FEITIAN
products, services and activities.
Purchase
our products and registration for our services
When you are a customer buying
products online, or a potential customer inquiring about our products
and services, we may process information you have volunteered, such
as name, home and/or delivery address, telephone number, e-mail
address, payment information, historical order information and
product you bought to provide our products or services.
Marketing
We also use personal data for
direct marketing and advertising in accordance with applicable law
and market practice. We use the information we collect carrying out
direct marketing, market research and surveys, via e-mail, SMS, over
the phone, through push notifications / pop-up banners, instant
messaging, through an operator, through social media pages, regarding
FEITIAN products, services and activities. Personal data may also be
processed indirectly in connection with the development and
administration of FEITIAN's IT systems.
Security:
We
do our maximum efforts to protect your personal data from
unauthorized or illegal processing by implementing appropriate
technical and organizational security measures. However, due to the
special nature of the Internet, FEITIAN disclaims any responsibility
for any third-party harm activity to our website include but not
limited due to hack attack and virus intrusion.
The
provision of your personal data is optional. Should you decide not to
provide your personal data, FEITIAN may be unable to provide you such
requested services. Those data also be used to track and prevent
abuse of our websites and services, and to develop anonymous usage
statistics.
The
legal basis for the processing of your personal data
Legal
ground: (i) performance of a contract where you request
services/resources through the websites and (ii) legitimate interest
for other processing activities, which consists in proper
communication and exchange of information between you and FEITIAN and
in security of the Website, such as for the purpose of improving
services and the content of the websites as well as for prevention of
abuse and statistical purposes.
In
case your consent is required for any of the above purposes, we will
obtain such consent before we process your personal data for such
purpose. If you withdraw the consent, that will not affect the
lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal.
How
long do we keep your personal data?
We
delete collected personal data when the purpose of the processing has
been completed. FEITIAN retains basic information to ensure that we
have the ability to communicate with our connections for product
information, updates, or issues.
The
log data we collect to ensure the security of this Website are not
kept longer than one year.
For
the other above-mentioned purposes, your personal data will be kept
for no longer than three years after their collection.
Restrictions
on the Disclosure of Personal Data
We
may appoint external partners to perform tasks on our behalf, such as
providing IT services or helping with marketing and recruitment,
administration of press releases, data analysis or statistics. The
performance of these services may mean that our partners, both within
and outside the EU/EEA, are able to gain access to your personal
data. Companies that process personal data on our behalf must always
sign an agreement with us so that we are able to ensure a high level
of protection of your personal data even with our partners.
We
may also disclose your personal data to third parties, for example
the police or other public authorities, if it concerns criminal
investigations or if we are otherwise required to disclose such data
by law or public authority decision. We will not disclose your
personal data to any extent other than described in this section.
What
is FEITIAN cookie policy?
Please
note that FEITIAN uses cookies while you are browsing this Website.
You can learn more about the use of cookies by FEITIAN by visiting
the Cookies on
FEITIAN Technologies page.
Your
rights related to your personal data and to file a complaint
Under applicable data protection
legislation you are entitled, at any time, to request access to the
personal data that is processed about you, to have erroneous personal
data corrected, to request that we shall stop processing and delete
your personal data, to request that the processing of your personal
data is restricted, to exercise your right to data portability, to
withdraw consent to particular processing (where such consent has
been obtained) and to object to the processing of your personal data.
In such event, contact FEITIAN via the contact details listed below.
You are also entitled, at any time, to file a complaint with the
relevant supervisory authority, as indicated for FEITIAN Technologies
Co., Ltd. in Tower B, Huizhi Mansion, No.9 Xueqing Road, Haidian
District, 100085 Beijing, China, if you consider that your personal
data has been processed in contravention of applicable data
protection legislation.
Contact
Details:
If
you have any questions on how we process your personal data or want
information about further contact details for the data controllers
above, please contact us:
Contact
Page https://www.ftsafe.com
Email: World.Sales@ftsafe.com
Mail:
FEITIAN
Technologies Co., Ltd
Tower
B, Huizhi Mansion,
No.9
Xueqing Road,
Haidian
District,
100085
Beijing, China
+86
10 62304466
External
Links:
Our
websites may sometimes contain links to external websites or services
that we do not control. FEITIAN disclaims any responsibility for any
external links from our website. If you follow a link to an external
website, you are encouraged to review the principles for processing
of personal data and information about cookies that apply to the
website or service in question.
Changes
to the FEITIAN Privacy Notice:
Occasionally
we may, in our discretion, make changes to this Privacy Notice e.g.
by making new versions available on our website or provide you with
prominent notice as appropriate under the circumstances. You are
encouraged to therefore visit our website from time to time to learn
of any updates and make sure you read any such notice carefully.
SOLUTION, REFERENCE, COMPLIANCE
Financial
Healthcare
Government
Enterprise
Payment
PSD2
PRODUCTS
FIDO Security Key
Power Card
PKI Identification
OTP Authentication
Smart Card Reader
Smart Card OS
Software Protection
Cloud Platform
Cryptocurrency Wallet
SUPPORT
Resources
Inquiry
Security Key
ABOUT FEITIAN
Company Overview
Contact Us
Certifications
Partners
Press Release
Newsletter
Cookies
Privacy
Terms Of Use
© 2020 FEITIAN Technologies Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.