http://www.basemedia.com.au/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
HomeAbout UsPortfolioResourcesContact Us
You are here: Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Overview
Base Media (or "we") consider the protection of personal privacy very important. This privacy policy ("Policy") gives you specific information on how we treat your privacy and your personal information.
This Policy applies to all websites in the Base Media Network, which we refer to as "Base Media Network Sites". Base Media Network Sites include, but are not limited to, BaseMedia.com.au and ConsoleDatabase.com. Please note that this Policy applies only to sites within the Base Media Network and not to web sites or services provided by other companies, organisations, or individuals to which we link, or have developed web sites for.
Your agreement
As a condition of using Base Media Network Sites, you agree to be bound by the terms of this Policy. Additional terms and conditions which govern your use of Base Media Network Sites are contained in our User Agreement, and, as applicable, in certain other service-specific license agreements or usage terms, which you will be notified of at the time of your registration for the applicable services.
Availability
The Policy is accessible through Base Media Network Sites in several ways, including from a link entitled "Privacy Policy" at the bottom of the Sites' home page, and also via Platform for Privacy Preferences (P3P) Compact Policy, which can be seen in the "Privacy" section of your Internet browser, or at http://www.basemedia.com.au/w3c/p3p.xml.
Changes to Policy
You acknowledge that this Policy may change over time. If we make material change to the terms of this Policy that affect how your Personal Information is used, we will give you 30 days notice of those changes ("Notice Period") through reasonably prominent disclosure, including via email (if you are a member). However, you should check the relevant Base Media Network Site(s) regularly for these and other important announcements. Your continued use of Base Media Network Sites following the Notice Period will signify that you agree to these changes.
Privacy of Children
Base Media Network Sites prohibit registration by, and Base Media will not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from, anyone under the age of 13 years. This point will be posted at various points of data collection within Base Media Network Sites, such as registration for a service.
Note to Parents/Guardians of Children: If you have any concern about the Base Media Network Sites, please contact us. Base Media encourages Parents/Guardians to spend time online with their children and teach good "netiquette". We also urge parents and guardians to instruct their children to never give out their names, addresses, telephone numbers, or other personal information without permission from a parent/guardian of the child using the Internet.
Information Collection, Storage and Use
Base Media is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We refer to information that identifies an individual as "Personal Information". Our primary goal in collecting Personal Information for users is to provide you with better, more useful content and services. In general, Base Media collects Personal Information from users of the Base Media Network Sites in connection with access to certain online areas or services, including during:
registration for certain online community service tools such as message boards/forums, or other community services;
registration for special communication, such as email updates and newsletters;
user surveys;
events, sweepstakes, contents, competitions or promotions and
registration for advertising accounts. Your information is stored on the server of our service provider.
We may gather data about the areas of the Base Media Network Sites you visit or access. We do not use any of this navigational data about where you "as an individual user" go on Base Media Network Sites or share any of this data with third parties. However, we may use and share navigational data in aggregate, non-personal form to understand how our users as a group use Base Media Network Sites.
Please keep in mind that whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information in public areas of a Base Media Network Site, such as a message board/forum, or through email forms, your information can be viewed and possibly used by others. We advise users to be especially careful in such public areas about disclosing Personal Information, such as full name, home address, or telephone number.
Below are more details about the Personal Information we gather from you, and how we may use it.
Email Newsletters. Some Base Media Network Sites offer newsletters or email updates to its registered users. We will use your email address to send you only the specific newsletter(s)/email update(s) that you signed up for. If you want to update your email address or stop receiving a newsletter/email update, follow the procedures to unsubscribe outlined in the email itself, or log in to your account and opt out from there.
Membership Information. In order to use a Base Media Network Site to its fullest extent, users may be required to register for membership with that site. Registration involves completing a registration form in which we will ask you for certain minimum required information, such as your name, birth date, gender, email address, city, state, country and preferred language. We may also ask for additional information about you and your interests. We do this so we can better understand your preferences and tailor Base Media Network Sites to suit you better. The more information you provide, the better we can serve you. Below is a breakdown of how each of the minimum required information items is used:
Name: Your name will be used to identify you. Messages sent to you by Base Media may address you by name. Your name may also be displayed to the public as a form of credit when you contribute information to a Base Media Network Site or to a message board/forum on a Base Media Network Site.
Birth Date: You are required to provide a correct birth date so we can ensure you are above the minimum age when registering for membership with a Base Media Network Site. We may also use and share this data in aggregate, non-personal form to get an overview of our users as a group.
Gender: Your gender may be used as a means of addressing you in messages sent to you by Base Media. We may also use and share this data in aggregate, non-personal form to get an overview of our users as a group.
Email Address: Your email address will be required so we can send you registration information upon signing up for membership with a Base Media Network Site. This email address will also be used to send you any newsletters/email updates you have opted to receive and for sending you updates on our User Agreement, Privacy Policy or other important information. Other members of Base Media Network Sites may send messages to your email address if you have opted to receive them, but such messages will only be made through our system, thus your email address will not be made available to them unless you knowingly provide it to other members. Base Media does not support unsolicited email.
City: Some sites in the Base Media Network will require this information as certain features may only be available to people within certain cities due to local laws. We do not collect specific addresses from users unless they knowingly and voluntarily provide it.
State: Some sites in the Base Media Network will require this information as certain features may only be available to people within certain states due to laws governing each state.
Country: This information is collected in order to tailor the information on the pages you visit to suit you better. We may also use and share this data in aggregate, non-personal form to get an overview of our users as a group.
Preferred Language: This information is collected in order to tailor the information on the pages you visit to suit you better. We may also use and share this data in aggregate, non-personal form to get an overview of our users as a group.
User Contributions. Information may be contributed to Base Media Network Sites by its users for inclusion in the site. This information is non-personal and voluntarily-contributed data. Except for under certain circumstances, this information and data becomes the property of Base Media upon contributing, and we reserve the right to sell, license, share, rent or modify this information and data.
Promotions. We may ask for Personal Information at other times including, but not limited to, when you enter sweepstakes, contests, competitions or promotions sponsored or instigated by Base Media, a Base Media Network Site, or a third party. This information is collected for the purpose of contacting you, not only to confirm your entry into a promotion, but also to inform you if you have won a promotion. In the case that the sweepstake, contest, competition or promotion is instigated or sponsored by a third party, the Personal Information you provide will be subject to the privacy policy of that third party. We encourage you to check the applicable third party policy before providing any Personal Information.
Surveys and User Research. Base Media and Base Media Network Sites may, from time to time, conduct email and web-delivered surveys as well as instant polls, to gather information about our users. Taking these surveys and polls is entirely optional. You have no obligation to respond to them. We may share the aggregate results of these surveys, not Personal Information, with our advertisers and partners to help them better understand our services and monitor the reach of their advertising or other offerings on out service. We may also use some of the information that you provide in these surveys to help us understand your interests and to tailor Base Media Network sites better to you.
Referral. Base Media Network Sites feature a referral service (sometimes known as "Tell-A-Friend" and denoted by a "Send this page to a friend" link). Use of this service is optional, but if a user elects to use the service to inform another person about a page of interest on a Base Media Network Site, they will be required to enter not only their own name and email address, but also the name and email address of the other person. The user enters this information into a form and then submits the form. The Base Media Network Site will then send a one-time email to the recipient, inviting him/her to visit the elected page. The user's name and email address is used to identify the person who sent the message. The recipient's name and email address is used to specify who and where the email will be sent. This information is not used for any other purpose. We do not support unsolicited email (or "spam") and ask that those who elect to use this form have permission from the other person to use their email address before using our system to forward emails to him/her.
Use of Cookies. On the Internet, a "cookie" is a piece of data (a file) that a web site transfers to a user's computer for record-keeping purposes. The use of cookies is common on the Internet. Base Media Network Sites use cookies in a variety of ways. We use cookies to recognise users who have visited our sites before and/or have already registered for a Base Media Network Site, allowing those users to speed up their future activities on the Base Media Network Sites, such as the adjustments of your language and viewing preferences. Cookies may also be used to help our advertising service and to measure traffic to help us produce content that best meets our users' preferences. You may configure your browser reject cookies, or you may delete cookies after each session, but this may interfere with some functionality of Base Media Network Sites and can result in your preferences being reverted back to default each time you visit one of our sites. Other parties who advertise on Base Media Network Sites, or are in some way linked with a Base Media Network Site, may also use cookies, however as mentioned below, we have no access to or control over these cookies.
Purchase of Products or Services. When you purchase products or services from or through a Base Media Network Site, we may require Personal Information such as name, address, telephone number and billing information, such as credit card, debit card or bank card account data. We may also require your email address and company information. Base Media will not disclose your Personal Information, including billing information, except to the extent necessary to complete your transaction, for example during an online purchase.
Technical Information. Information about the browser type, browser version and operating system you are using is collected by Base Media Network Sites. This information is used in order to present pages that will be compatible with your system settings. We also collect your computer's I.P. address in order to determine the country you are visiting from so we can tailor the site's content to better suit you. The URLs of pages that referred you to a Base Media Network Site may also be collected. This data, along with other Technical Information, may also be used and shared in aggregate, non-personal form to get an overview of our users as a group.
Sharing Non-Personal Information. Base Media may share information that is not Personal Information - meaning non-personal, aggregate, or summary, information regarding our users - with other third parties not mentioned in this Policy. This kind of information does not identify you individually.
Merger or Acquisition. In the event of a merger, acquisition, reorganisation, sale of all or substantially all of its assets, or the sale of an individual website owned by Base Media, Base Media may transfer your Personal Information to a third party as part of such merger, acquisition, reorganisation, or sale.
Legal Authorities. We may also disclose Personal Information in cases where we reasonably believe that it is necessary to identify someone who may be violating Base Media policies, User Agreement, or other terms of use, or who may be a threat to Base Media or third party rights, property, or personal safety. Base Media may disclose Personal Information to comply with valid legal process such as a duly issued search warrant, subpoena or court order.
Access to Other Sites through Base Media
You should be aware that whilst you are on a Base Media Network Site, you will have the opportunity to visit, or link to, other sites not owned or operated by Base Media, through links on the Base Media Network Sites. Such sites are operated by external, third-party service providers. Some of these sites may have their own separate membership processes and privacy policies, and we encourage our users to be aware of, and familiarise themselves with, these policies. We do not control sites that are operated by others and are not responsible for the information practices of these sites. Other sites may set their own cookies, collect data or solicit personal information. It is always a good idea to check the privacy policy and usage terms of any site before entering Personal Information. We do not share your Personal Information with these independent web sites.
Advertising Networks, Affiliate Programs and Hosted Scripts
Base Media Network Sites utilise the services of various ad networks and affiliate programs to help generate extra funds in order to keep the services of the Site free. Please be aware that Base Media have no control over, nor are responsible for, the information practices of these other parties. We encourage users to be aware that these other parties may have different privacy policies and to read the policies of each and every web site that collects Personal Information. Some (but not all) of these parties may include direct links to their privacy policies on the advertisements themselves. Advertising Networks, Affiliate Programs and Hosted Scripts that may be in use on Base Media Network Sites at any given time include, but is not limited to, those of: Google.com (incorporating Adsense, Google Search and Froogle), Amazon.com (incorporating international versions including Joyo), Alexa.com, eBay.com (incorporating international versions including Mercado Libre/Mercado Livre), Commission Junction (CJ.com), TradeDoubler.com, Affili.net, Ad4All.net, SmartTrade.cn, AdsUnion.com.cn, AdBrite.com, GameFly.com, NothingButSoftware.com, GamesWarehouse.com.au, DVD-Rental.ca, GameLender.com, CommissionMonster.com, CaféPress.com and ExtremeTracking.com.
Information Storage and Security
Your Personal Information is stored within our web space on our service provider's server. We protect your Personal Information to the best of our ability. No computer system or information can ever be fully protected against every possible hazard, but Base Media is committed to protecting your Personal Information to the best of our ability against foreseeable hazards. Notwithstanding this, please be aware that when you submit Personal Information over the Internet, the information may travel over many systems that are not under the Base Media's control. We will, however, do everything reasonable and within our ability to protect your Personal Information once it has reached us.
Accessing, Correcting and Updating Your Information
To access, correct or update your account or other Personal Information, please log in to your account on the Base Media Network Site on which you are registered.
Your Responsibilities
Base Media cannot be held responsible for your Personal Information being disclosed through your own negligence or lack of care. It is your responsibility to ensure your computer is kept safe from viruses, hackers and other attacks that could reveal your Personal Information to another party. You should run anti-virus software and a firewall on your computer at all times, and keep these updated. We also recommend anti-spyware software and a secure web browser. Please keep these and your operating system up to date also.
Avoid using shared computers in public places when logging into Base Media Network Sites as these could very well have spyware installed or password save settings that could potentially allow your account(s) to be accessed by other parties. Accessing Base Media Network Sites from such computers is done so at your own risk.
You must also be aware that Base Media will never ask you to send us your username and password via email, nor ask for your bank account or credit card details via email. If you do receive an email of this nature that claims to be from Base Media or a Base Media Network Site, but it looks suspicious or contains links to pages not in the Base Media Network, please do not reply to the email or follow its links. Inform Base Media immediately and delete the email if you believe it may pose a threat.
Always log in to Base Media Network Sites by entering the site's address (URL) into your Internet browser yourself. When performing transactions online, always ensure you are on a secure connection denoted by an address (URL) beginning in "https" and a closed padlock or similar symbol displayed on the Internet browser interface itself.
About UsPortfolioResourcesEmploymentContact Us
Follow Us
News Feeds
RSS 2.0
Atom 1.0
© 2003 - 2020 Base MediaContact UsPrivacy PolicyUser AgreementBookmark and Share