http://www.ohiowebpro.com/privacy-policy/
Our Privacy Policy
General
OhioWebPro.com respects the privacy of every individual who visits our website. This Privacy Policy outlines the information OhioWebPro.com may collect and how we may use that information.
Personal Data
OhioWebPro.com will not collect any personally-identifiable information about you (e.g., your name, address, telephone number or email address ("personal data")) through our websites unless you have provided it to us voluntarily. If you do not want your personal data collected, please do not submit it to us.
When you do provide us with personal data, we may use that information in the following ways, unless stated otherwise: we may store and process that information to better understand your needs and how we can improve our products and services; we may use that information to contact you. We do not and do not intend to sell, rent or market personal data about you to third parties.
Additional Information Collected Automatically
In some cases, we may automatically (i.e., not via registration) collect technical information when you connect to our site that is not personally-identifiable. Examples of this type of information include the type of Internet Browser you are using, the type of computer operating system you are using and the domain name of the website from which you linked to our site.
Information Placed Automatically on Your Computer -- Cookies
When you view our website, we may store some information on your computer. This information will be in the form of a "Cookie" or similar file and can help us in many ways. For example, Cookies allow us to tailor a website to better match your interests and preferences. With most Internet Browsers, you can erase Cookies from your computer hard drive, block all Cookies or receive a warning before a Cookie is stored. Please refer to your Browser instructions or help screen to learn more about these functions.
OhioWebPro.com. All Rights Reserved.
© 2020 Ohio Web Pro Design, LLC - All Rights Reserved.
|
1-855-932-7761 | Privacy Policy | Terms of Use