https://www.metalgrass.com/privacy/
Skip to content
Privacy
We take your privacy very seriously. We ask that you read this Privacy Policy carefully as it contains important information about what to expect when we collect personal information about you, including how we will use your personal data.
We process all personal information in accordance with data protection legislation and regulations relating to the processing of personal data and privacy.
WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU?
In connection with purchasing products from us, by completing online forms or by emailing us, you may provide information about yourself which we will keep and store. We may, for example, keep a record of your name, address, email address and/or telephone number and products purchases.
We want to ensure that your personal information is accurate and up to date. If any of the information that you have provided to us changes, for example if you change your email address or name, please amend your details by contacting us on the website contact form.
In addition to the information you knowingly provide, we may also collect the domain names and IP addresses of visitors to our website along with usage statistics (for example, types of web browsers and operating systems used) and browsing history. This data is used to track and improve the services we offer.
HOW WILL WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
We will primarily use your personal information to provide our services and products to you.
We may also use your personal information for one or more of the following purposes:
a) to process requests and purchases, issue you with invoices and otherwise manage your interactions with us;
b) to communicate with you about products you have requested from us: for example, if there is a query or problem with your product received, or when (in accordance with your preferences) we keep in touch with you about similar products;
c) for record-keeping purposes;
d) to fulfil our legal obligations (for example, where we are required to keep records of transactions for tax and accounting purposes, or share information with authorities) and for fraud-prevention purposes;
e) to improve the quality of our services; and
f) subject to the terms of this Privacy Policy and your preferences, for marketing purposes and so that we can improve and tailor the services and/or products we offer you;
We may also use aggregate information and statistics for the purposes of monitoring website usage in order to help us to develop and improve our website and our services.
PROCESSING OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We will not sell your information nor permit others to do so. In order to provide our services and products, we may, occasionally, appoint other organizations to carry out some of the processing activities on our behalf. These may include, for example, technology hosts. In these circumstances, we will ensure that personal information is properly protected and that it is only used in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
In very limited circumstances, we may disclose your personal information to third parties if we are under a legal obligation to do so.
MARKETING INFORMATION
We will only send you marketing information, mailings and newsletters should you actively opt-in to receive such information, and only to the extent that you have specifically agreed. You may opt-out from some or all marketing information, mailings and newsletters at any time by clicking on the unsubscribe link in the email or by contacting us on the website contact form.
Please note that where you withhold or withdraw your consent to be contacted in this way, we may be unable to keep you informed of new products, events and/or special offers that may interest you.
COOKIES AND OTHER INFORMATION-GATHERING TECHNOLOGIES
In common with many other website operators, we may use standard technology called ‘cookies’ on this site. Cookies are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer’s hard drive. Our cookies enable us to understand who has seen which pages and advertisements, to determine how frequently particular pages are visited and to determine the most popular areas of our website. Our cookies also enable us to enhance your visitor experience by storing information about the products and services that you select between visits so that we can provide you with focused information each time you visit our website.
Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually change your browser to prevent cookies being stored, however if you do turn cookies off this may limit the service that we are able to provide to you.
Our cookies do not store sensitive information such as your name, address or payment details: they simply hold the ‘key’ that, once you are signed in, is associated with this information. However, if you would prefer to restrict, block or delete cookies from our websites, or any other website, you can use your browser to do this. Each browser is different, so check the ‘Help’ menu of your particular browser (or your mobile phone’s handset manual) to learn how to change your cookie preferences.
We may use Google Analytics to understand how you make use of our website and determine how we can ensure that the website functions properly. Google Analytics cookies follow your progress through our website, collecting anonymous data on where you have come from, which pages you visit, and the time spent on the website. This data is stored by Google in order to create reports. These cookies do not store your personal data. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website, including your IP address, may be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States or any other country in which Google maintains facilities. Google may use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for us and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
LINKS TO THIRD PARTY WEBSITES
This website may contain links to other sites which are outside our control and are not covered by this Privacy Policy. If you access these third party sites using the links provided, the operators of these sites may collect information from you which will be used by them in accordance with their own privacy policy, which may differ from ours. We encourage you to read the privacy policy on the other websites you visit.
PAYPAL (PRIVACY POLICY)
We use PayPal to process payments on our website. PayPal will process the data you enter to pay for the products you purchase. If you choose PayPal as your payment option, this data processing is necessary to process the payment itself, and is subject to the PayPal Privacy Policy linked above, as well as other PayPal terms and conditions.HOW WE PROTECT AND KEEP YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We will keep your purchase history and contact details for as long as we believe you wish to hear from us using those contact details.
We take the security of your personal information seriously. We will attempt to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of your personal information. We have implemented reasonable administrative, technical and physical measures to protect your personal information.
However, you should be aware that the use of the Internet is not entirely secure and for this reason we cannot guarantee the security or integrity of any personal information which is transferred from you or to you via the Internet. We are not responsible for the contents or policies of external websites and recommend that you check the privacy and security policies and procedures of every website that you use and submit your personal details to.
SOCIAL MEDIA
If you follow one of our social media accounts, we receive basic personal data about you according to your profile: your account name, gender, general interests, location, age. You may also communicate with us directly and provide content in this way. Such information will be used in compliance with this Privacy Policy.
GDPR RIGHTS
While we do not actively target residents of the EU, and therefore we believe that the provisions of the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) may not actively apply to us, we voluntarily undertake to comply with the GDPR provisions relating to: (i) Right of access; (ii) Right to rectification and to erasure;(iii) Right to restriction of processing; (iv) Right to data portability; and (v) Right to object. Should you wish to exercise any of such rights, please contact us on the website contact form.
CHANGES TO PRIVACY NOTICE
We keep our Privacy Policy under regular review. If we change our Privacy Policy we will post the changes on this page, and where appropriate, place notices on other pages of our website. This Privacy Policy was last updated on October 22, 2019.
HOW TO CONTACT US
If you would like to contact us with any queries about our Privacy Policy or otherwise, please contact us on the website contact form.
Privacy
Terms of service
Refund policy
Copyright 2020 © All rights Reserved to Metalgrass
Home
About
Our Sites
Products and Services
Advertise with Us
Contact Us
0
×Cart