https://www.softselect.com/terms-of-use/
Skip to content
Privacy and Terms for Website Usage
Privacy
Engleman Associates, Inc (EAI) collects limited contact information for those that use the resources made available on this website. Occasional e-mails may be sent to contacts informing them of updates to the service, to the company, or to provide a company newsletter. This information may also be used to contact users and prospects to further discuss their interest in EAI, the services provided, ways we can improve them, and to send information regarding our company or partners, such as promotions and events.
EAI does not distribute or share e-mail addresses of anyone requesting access to material made available on this website. After initial inquiries, recipients can opt out of being contacted or receiving information by contacting EAI.
Terms and Conditions for Website Usage
EAI maintains this site (the "Site") for your information, education, communication and entertainment. Please feel free to browse the Site. You may download material displayed on the Site for non-commercial; personal use only provided you also retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained on the materials. You may not, however, distribute, modify, transmit, reuse, re post, or use the content of the Site for public or commercial purposes, including the text, images, audio, and video without EAI's written permission. Your access to and use of the Site is also subject to the following terms and conditions and all applicable laws. By accessing and browsing the Site, you accept, without limitation or qualification, the Terms and Conditions and acknowledge that any other agreements between you and EAI related to accessing of Internet material are superseded and of no force or effect.
You should assume that everything you see or read on the Site is copyrighted unless otherwise noted and may not be used except as provided in these Terms and Conditions or in the text on the Site without the written permission of EAI. EAI neither warrants nor represents that your use of materials displayed on the Site will not infringe rights of third parties not owned by or affiliated with EAI.
While EAI uses reasonable effort to include accurate and up to date information in the Site, EAI makes no warranties or representations as to its accuracy. EAI assumes no liability or responsibility for any errors or omissions in the contents of the Site.
Your use of and browsing in the Site are at your own risk. Neither EAI nor any other party involved in creating, producing, or delivering the Site is liable for any direct, incidental, consequential, indirect, or punitive damages arising out of your access to, or use of, the Site. Without limiting the foregoing, everything on the Site is provided to you "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. Please note that some jurisdictions may not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so some of the above exclusions may not apply to you. Check your local laws for any restrictions or limitations regarding the exclusion of implied warranties. EAI also assumes no responsibility, and shall not be liable for, any damages to, or viruses that may infect, your computer equipment or other property on account of your access to, use of, or browsing in the Site or your downloading of any materials, data, text, images, video, or audio from the Site.
Images of people or places displayed on the Site are either the property of, or used with permission by, EAI. The use of these images by you, or anyone else authorized by you, is prohibited unless specifically permitted by these Terms and Conditions or specific permission provided elsewhere on the Site. Any unauthorized use of the images may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and communications regulations and statutes.
The trademarks, logos, and service marks (collectively the "Trademarks") displayed on the Site, are registered and unregistered Trademarks of EAI and others. Nothing contained on the Site should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use any Trademark displayed on the Site without the written permission of EAI or such third party that may own the Trademarks displayed on the Site. Your misuse of the Trademarks displayed on the Site, or any other content on the Site, except as provided in these Terms and Conditions, is strictly prohibited. You are also advised that EAI will aggressively enforce its intellectual property rights to the fullest extent of the law, including the seeking of criminal prosecution.
EAI has not reviewed all of the sites linked to the Site and is not responsible for the content of any off-site pages or any other sites linked to the Site. Your linking to any other off-site pages or other sites is at your own risk.
Although EAI may from time to time monitor or review discussions, chats, postings, transmissions, bulletin boards, and the like on the Site, EAI is under no obligation to do so and assumes no responsibility or liability arising from the content of any such locations nor for any error, defamation, libel, slander, omission, falsehood, obscenity, profanity, danger, or inaccuracy contained in any information within such locations on the Site. You are prohibited from posting or transmitting any unlawful, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene, scandalous, inflammatory, pornographic, or profane material or any material that could constitute or encourage conduct that would be considered a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability, or otherwise violate any law. EAI will fully cooperate with any law enforcement authorities or court order requesting or directing EAI to disclose the identity of anyone posting any such information or materials.
EAI may at any time revise these Terms and Conditions by updating this posting. You are bound by any such revisions and should therefore periodically visit this page to review the then current Terms and Conditions to which you are bound.
Toll Free: 888-421-8372
Phone: 360-699-6150
Fax: 360-699-1717
Engleman Associates, Inc.
607 East Reserve Street
Vancouver, Washington 98661
© 2020 EAI - All Rights Reserved
FREE ERP Comparison DatabaseERP Comparison Database
Join Us for a WebinarEnterprise Software Strategy Webinar
ERP Implementation Control Webinar
ERP Selection Process Webinar
FREE ERP White PapersERP Cost Control White Paper
ERP Contracts – Achieve Critical Terms
ERP Implementation Risks Control
Cloud ERP – Benefits, Risks & Hype
Unverified Functionality Data on ERP
ERP Selection Land Mines
Ways to ConnectContact Us
DetailsSitemap
Terms of Use
Scroll back to top
Please check your email for instructions and a link to the ERP Comparison Database.
×
ERP White Paper Download Process
Select the white papers you would like to review. An email will be sent with download instructions.
**
PRIVACY**
Your contact information absolutely will not be distributed, in any way, to other commercial entities.
Name*
First
Last
Job TitleCompany*Type of Business*Manufacturing/DistributionProfessional ServicesSoftware Vendor/ImplementerRetailGovernmentOtherYour Location*North AmericaCentral/South AmericaUnited KingdomEuropeOther locationsEmail*
Once this form is submitted, download instructions will be sent to this email.PhoneWhich White Paper(s) would you like to receive?
Select All
ERP Cost Control
ERP Contracts - Achieve Critical Terms
Dependable and Controlled Access to Cloud ERP
Cloud ERP Failover Protection
Top Ten ERP Selection Landmines
Unverified Functionality on ERP
ERP Implementation Risk Control
Enterprise Software Strategy Planning - Details
Improving Commercial Control with your Existing ERP Vendor
×
Thanks for contacting us! We will be in touch shortly.
×
Thanks for contacting us! We will get in touch with you shortly with suggested times for your webinar(s).
×
Thanks for registering for the Workshop. We will be in touch to determine your preferred payment approach and provide other details of workshop start and end times, and suggested lodging.
×