http://www.fieldpost.com/privacy-policy
Find Events
Conservation
Habitat
Wildlife
Fish
Hunting
Big Game
Small Game
Migratory Birds
Furbearers
Fishing
Freshwater
Saltwater
Shooting
Rifle
Handgun
Shotgun
Archery
Muzzleloader
Dogs
Gun Dogs
Hounds
Hunting
Field Trial/Hunt Test
cancelapply
25 miles
50 miles
100 miles
150 miles
ALL
Custom
7 Days
14 Days
30 Days
All
to
Select date range
From
To
Sun
Mon
Tue
Wed
Thu
Fri
Sat
Search
Privacy Policy
Updated October 5, 2017
FieldPost is an interactive website that allows those with a passion for the outdoors to quickly find events and information in a geographic area related to different fields of outdoor endeavors.
At FieldPost we understand that visiting a company’s website or doing business by email, phone, fax or direct (postal) mail requires trust on your part. We greatly value this trust, and if we collect or use information about you, we will do so in a responsible manner consistent with this Statement.  The only information required to use our site is a verified email address, name, and password as part of your user profile. If you are an event coordinator, we will also require your physical mailing address and the website and/or social media posting regarding your event to be listed on FieldPost.  Additional profile information such as your preferred geographic area for events, your zip code or other postal code and personal preferences will significantly improve your experience with FieldPost and allow you to take full advantage of current and certainly future features of the website.
This page describes how FieldPost handles information we learn about customers in the United States.
Your consent and preferences
What kind of information does FieldPost collect?
What are cookies, web beacons, and log files?
How does FieldPost use and disclose information about me?
California Residents: Your California Privacy Rights
How will FieldPost make changes to this policy?
How does FieldPost secure my personal information?
What about the security of linked sites?
Does FieldPost intentionally market to children?
Can I update or change my information?
Your acceptance of FieldPost’s privacy practices
YOUR CONTENT AND PREFERENCES
FieldPost may, from time to time, contact you with communications regarding our products or services or events within categories of outdoor activities you express interest in in your profile. These communications may come from FieldPost. To contact you, FieldPost may use the information you provide to FieldPost, including, but not limited to, e-mail, direct (postal) mail, fax or phone or other information in your user profile. You may, at any time, inform us that you do not want FieldPost or the producer, seller, or manufacturer of a product you have reviewed or someone affiliated with the producer, seller, or manufacturer of the product to contact you by sending your request to our Privacy Officer using the contact information below. You may also opt-out of promotional e-mail communications by clicking on a link provided in any promotional e-mail message you may receive from us. However, please note that you cannot opt-out from all communications, as FieldPost may need to send you information related to our services, calendar events, or other features of FieldPost.
WHAT KIND OF INFORMATION DOES FIELDPOST COLLECT?
FieldPost collects two types of information: Personal information and aggregate or “combined” information. Personal information is data specifically about you, which you typically provide on a voluntary basis. FieldPost only requires your submission of a password and an active email address.  Aggregate or combined information includes data that is related to you but studied as a group and does not identify you specifically. You cannot “opt-out” from having aggregate information collected.
WHAT ARE COOKIES, WEB BEACONS, AND LOG FILES?
Cookies – cookies are small text files that we may store on your computer to help us identify your computer the next time you visit or to enable some functions on our websites. FieldPost’ third party service providers and business partners may also use cookies to collect non-personal information from visitors to our sites. We may use such information to measure the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns and websites. If you are not comfortable with our use of cookies, please review your browser software to learn how it may be set to notify you when you receive a cookie or to reject all cookies. However, disabling cookies may limit some functionality and your experiences on FieldPost websites.
Web beacons – web beacons are miniscule electronic image files that can be embedded within a web page or included in an e-mail message, and are usually invisible to the human eye. When used, web beacons (also known as “clear GIFs” or “tracking pixels”) may tell us such things as: how many people are coming to our websites, whether they are one-time or repeat visitors, which pages they’ve viewed and for how long, and other similar website usage data. When used in an e-mail, web beacons can tell us the time the e-mail was opened, if and how many times it was forwarded, and what links users click on from within the e-mail message. Based on this information, we can adjust the content, products, services, and promotions we provide you to better meet your interests, as well as make you aware of FieldPost services, and/or special offers in which you may be interested.
Log Files – these are files that record web activity and gather non-personal statistics about your visit to or use of our websites. Log files may help us capture, among other things: (i) your IP Address, which is a unique set of numbers assigned to your computer by your Internet Service Provider (ISP) (note that, depending on your ISP, the number assigned to your computer can be different every time you connect to the Internet); (ii) the type of browser and operating system you use; and, (iii) other information about your online session, such as the URL you came from to get to our website and the date and time you visited our website. In addition to using this information to better understand how our websites are used, we may use information captured through log files such as an IP Address (together with your personal information) to troubleshoot technical problems, maintain online safety and security, and if necessary, prohibit or restrict access to our Online Services by certain users.
Interest-based Advertising – We allow trusted third parties to place advertisements for their products and services on sites operated by others. These trusted third parties will use cookies and web beacons to measure the effectiveness of our ads and to determine the display of content and advertising to you based on your interests both on our site and other sites that you may visit. To support this interestbased advertising solution, we and the companies we may contract with may use anonymous information about your visits to our and other websites. The information collected and used by this process is always anonymous and does not enable any third party to identify you individually. If you would prefer not to receive our interest-based advertising, you can opt out of this activity at the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) website (http://www.aboutads.info/).
HOW DOES FIELDPOST USE AND DISCLOSE INFORMATION ABOUT ME?
Unless otherwise stated at the point of collection, FieldPost may use your personal information for several reasons, including but not limited to, fulfilling orders, informing you about product service(s) and warranty issues, sending you marketing communications, auditing and improving upon the level of service we provide to our customers, etc. Regardless of what may be said at the point of information collection, FieldPost reserves the right to contact you in the event of a privacy issue or the posting of inappropriate content on FieldPost’s website(s) regardless of your stated privacy preferences. FieldPost uses aggregate information only as anonymous grouped data to better understand how visitors use our site, such as the pages most frequently viewed, the paths visitors use while navigating the site to optimize the experience, and to count the number of visitors.
FieldPost may disclose your information to third parties acting on our behalf, such as call center operators, servicers, people who analyze data for us, etc. While these third parties have access to some of the information FieldPost may have about you, the information is limited to what they need to know to do their jobs. FieldPost may disclose and share your email address with the producer, seller, or manufacturer of a product you have reviewed or someone affiliated with the producer, seller, or manufacturer of the product for the purpose of contacting you about your review of their product(s). If FieldPost sells an affiliated company or other business asset, we reserve the right to transfer your personal information in connection with such a sale. Also, FieldPost may disclose your information as necessary (1) if we determine a website, mobile application, or policy violation has occurred; (2) if we believe such disclosure is necessary to identify, contract or bring legal action regarding injury or interference with the rights and property of FieldPost; (3) to respond to judicial process and in cooperation with law enforcement agencies, or as otherwise required by law; and (4) to assist us in fraud prevention or investigation.
CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS: YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
If you are a California resident, you may have the right to request and receive certain information about our disclosure of your personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes, and your choices with respect to such disclosures. Because it is our policy not to share your personal information with third parties unless you are first given the opportunity to opt-out from such sharing, we are exempt from having to meet this requirement. If you still wish to learn more about our compliance with this requirement, please contact us using the contact information provided in this Policy.
If we are bought or acquired by another company (either fully or partially), merged with another company, or experience a reorganization, bankruptcy, or other similar event, your information may be shared with our successor or assign (the new company or the company that takes over), subject to the notification procedures set forth below.
If we are required to share your information because such action is reasonably necessary to comply with legal-related processes, enforce contract terms, respond to or resolve any claims (including valid consumer complaints), or otherwise protect or enforce the safety or rights (including intellectual property rights) of FieldPost, our business customers and partners, our consumers, or the general public, your information may be shared only to the extent necessary to resolve the issue.
If we wish to generally assess (with the help of a third party company) how our Online Services are performing in the Internet marketplace, their popularity or use amongst certain consumer demographics or profiles, and other similar performance metrics. The information disclosed for these purposes will be in aggregate form and limited to demographic or other anonymous data; no personal information will be shared.
HOW WILL FIELDPOST MAKE CHANGES TO THIS POLICY?
From time to time, we may update this Policy. If we do, we will note near the top of this page the date that any changes are made and/or when they become effective. If the changes being made are material (that is, we make a major change in the important points of the policy), we may alert you to the changes in a more prominent way. For example, we may temporarily highlight the new or revised sections in this Policy, temporarily post a prominent notice on our home page or registration/login page, or temporarily add the word “Updated” to the title of this Policy and any hypertext links pointing to this Policy. In some instances, we may also send you an e-mail message or other communication such as a prompt on the mobile application telling you about the changes and any choices you may have or actions you can take before they go into effect. Your inaction or continued use of our Online Services after any such alerts or notices, or your acceptance of any changes for which we require your prior approval, will tell us that you agree to these changes. If any changes we make will affect, in a material way, the way we treat any personal information collected directly from children/students, we will first contact parents (or, in the school context, the appropriate educators) and obtain the required form of consent.
HOW DOES FIELDPOST SECURE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION?
FieldPost is committed to maintaining the security of the data you provide us and will take reasonable precautions to protect your personal information from loss, misuse or alteration. Please note that there is always some risk in transmitting information over the Internet. We do use secure connections where appropriate to the services we offer.
WHAT ABOUT THE SECURITY OF LINKED SITES?
FieldPost may contain links to websites owned by other companies. Because FieldPost has no control over the privacy practices or content of these linked sites, we recommend that you carefully review the privacy statement of each site you visit. FieldPost is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of sites owned by other companies.
DOES FIELDPOST INTENTIONALLY MARKET TO CHILDREN?
This Privacy Statement addresses FieldPost’s procedures for handling the personal information of customers in the United States whom are at least 13 years old. We do not seek to, nor do we knowingly collect, information from children under 13. If a child has provided us with personal information, a parent or guardian of that child may contact us to have the information deleted from our records. To do so, contact our Chief Privacy Officer.  Information about a child may be provided by an adult in the adult’s user profile, but FieldPost does not at present, permit a child to provide information directly.
CAN I UPDATE OR CHANGE MY INFORMATION?
If you are a registered user of this site, you may review, revise, correct or update your information at any time by updating your profile. You may also submit a request to our Chief Privacy Officer if you would like to update or change personal information that FieldPost has about you.
For more information, contact our Chief Privacy Officer.
By Postal Mail:
Chief Privacy Officer
FieldPost
P.O. Box 925
Waukee, Iowa 50263-0925
By E-mail:
info@FieldPost.com
If we make photocopies of information related to your request, we reserve the right to recover related photocopy charges.
YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF OUR PRIVACY PRACTICES
By using this website, or mobile application or any other FieldPost website or mobile application, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Statement. This Privacy Statement applies only to information provided by or collected from customers in the United States and is not intended to describe data handling procedures for information collected by other linked websites or business partners. We reserve the right to change or update this Privacy Statement at any time.