http://www.dataman.com/dataman-privacy-policy
Menu
ProductsProgrammersUniversal ProgrammersMulti Socket ProgrammersStand-Alone ProgrammersProgramming Adapters40Pro/48Pro/48Pro+/48Pro2C/48Pro2 Adapters48/48LV/48XP/48UXP Adapters448Pro/448Pro+/448Pro2 Adapters48Pro2AP/448Pro2AP/448Pro2AP-AU Adapters848/848XP Adapters848Pro/848Pro2 AdaptersMEMPro/PIKPro/T51Pro AdaptersS6 Adapters / AccessoriesS3/S4 Adapters / AccessoriesOmniPro II AdaptersAutomated HandlersEPROM ErasersEPROM Eraser AccessoriesIC Paint MarkersVacuum Pick Up KitsUSB OscilloscopesUSB OscilloscopesUSB Oscilloscope AccessoriesUSB Oscilloscope Development KitsUSB Oscilloscope ProbesWaveform GeneratorsWaveform GeneratorsWaveform Generator AccessoriesWaveform Generator Development KitsResourcesForumServicesCompanyContact Us
Account
Home
Dataman Privacy Policy
Dataman Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how Dataman uses and protects any information that you provide when you use this website. Dataman is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. Dataman may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
What we collectWe may collect the following information:
Name.
Contact information including email address.
Demographic information such as ZIP / postal code, preferences and interests.
Other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers.
For the exhaustive list of cookies we collect see the List of cookies we collect section.
What we do with the information we gatherWe require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address that you have provided. You may choose to opt-out at any time by sending an email to unsubscribe@dataman.com.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests.
SecurityWe are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to reduce the risks of unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How we use cookiesA cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular website. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websitesOur website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our website, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such websites and such websites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
Whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the tick box or radio button which you can select to indicate that you do not want to subscribe to our newsletter.
If you have previously subscribed to our newsletter, you may opt-out at any time by sending an email to unsubscribe@dataman.com.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please send an email to ussales@dataman.com. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Deletion of your personal informationWe are unable to delete your account information containing your personal information for a period of 6 years from the date of your last interaction with us. This is because we may need to access historical information for business reporting purposes. However you may opt-out of our newsletter at any time by sending an email to unsubscribe@dataman.com.
List of cookies we collectThe table below lists the cookies we collect and what information they store.
COOKIE NameCOOKIE Description
CART
The association with your shopping cart.
CATEGORY_INFO
Stores the category info on the page, that allows to display pages more quickly.
COMPARE
The items that you have in the Compare Products list.
CURRENCY
Your preferred currency
CUSTOMER
An encrypted version of your customer id with the store.
CUSTOMER_AUTH
An indicator if you are currently logged into the store.
CUSTOMER_INFO
An encrypted version of the customer group you belong to.
CUSTOMER_SEGMENT_IDS
Stores the Customer Segment ID
EXTERNAL_NO_CACHE
A flag, which indicates whether caching is disabled or not.
FRONTEND
You sesssion ID on the server.
GUEST-VIEW
Allows guests to edit their orders.
LAST_CATEGORY
The last category you visited.
LAST_PRODUCT
The most recent product you have viewed.
NEWMESSAGE
Indicates whether a new message has been received.
NO_CACHE
Indicates whether it is allowed to use cache.
PERSISTENT_SHOPPING_CART
A link to information about your cart and viewing history if you have asked the site.
POLL
The ID of any polls you have recently voted in.
POLLN
Information on what polls you have voted on.
RECENTLYCOMPARED
The items that you have recently compared.
STF
Information on products you have emailed to friends.
STORE
The store view or language you have selected.
USER_ALLOWED_SAVE_COOKIE
Indicates whether a customer allowed to use cookies.
VIEWED_PRODUCT_IDS
The products that you have recently viewed.
WISHLIST
An encrypted list of products added to your Wishlist.
WISHLIST_CNT
The number of items in your Wishlist.
__utma
This is used by Google Analytics to distinguish users and sessions. The cookie is created when the javascript library executes and no existing __utma cookies exists. The cookie is updated every time data is sent to Google Analytics.
__utmt
This is used by Google Analytics to throttle request rate.
__utmb
This is used by Google Analytics to determine new sessions/visits. The cookie is created when the javascript library executes and no existing __utmb cookies exists. The cookie is updated every time data is sent to Google Analytics.
__utmc
This is used by Google Analytics. Historically, this cookie operated in conjunction with the __utmb cookie to determine whether the user was in a new session/visit.
__utmz
This is used by Google Analytics to store the traffic source or campaign which explains how users reached our website. The cookie is created when the javascript library executes and is updated every time data is sent to Google Analytics.
MinorsThe Dataman website is not intended for children and we ask that no-one under the age of 13 submits personal information to us or uses the website without supervision of a parent or guardian.
QuestionsIf you have any questions about this privacy policy, please write to:
Dataman Inc. 215 Michigan Avenue Orange City, FL 32763 USA
Or send an email to webmaster@dataman.com.