http://www.relarc.com/page/privacy_policy
homeproductssupportinfo_centernewslinkscareersaboutcontactRelational Architects, Inc. ( “RAI” ) respects your privacy.  This Privacy Statement informs you of our privacy practices and of the choices you can make about the way your information is collected online and how that information is used.  This statement is available on our home page and at the bottom of every RAI Web page.  Some RAI Web pages are P3P-enabled, which allows you additional control over your personal information.RAI is a global organization, with legal entities, business processes, management structures, and technical systems that cross borders.  This Privacy Statement applies to all RAI-owned websites and domains.Links to non-RAI websitesThe RAI website may provide links to third-party websites for your convenience and information.  If you access those links, you will leave the RAI website.  RAI does not control those sites or their privacy practices, which may differ from RAI's practices.  We do not endorse or make any representations about third-party websites.  The personal data you choose to provide to or that is collected by these third parties is not covered by the RAI Privacy Statement.  We encourage you to review the privacy policy of any company before submitting your personal information.Collection of personal informationRAI collects and uses personal information to understand your needs and interests and to serve you better.On some RAI websites, we ask you to provide personal information. For example, when you order new releases, fixes, patches, product documentation, administrative documents or support materials, register yourself or your RAI products, or apply for a job at RAI, we will ask you to provide personal information to complete these transactions. The types of personal information you provide to us on these pages may include name, address, ZIP code, telephone number, email address, user IDs and passwords.In addition to the information you provide, RAI may also collect information during your visit to an RAI website, such as browser type and language, access times, your Internet Protocol (IP) address, and website from which you arrived at an RAI website. An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the Web, allowing Web servers to locate and identify your computer. Computers use IP addresses to communicate on the Internet, allowing users to browse and shop.How we use your informationThe information RAI collects to understand your needs and interests helps RAI deliver a consistent and personalized experience. For example, RAI may use your information to: assist you in completing a service request;communicate with you about products and services; provide service and support;update you on new services and benefits;select content to be communicated to you;customize response pages at some RAI websites;  andcontact you for market research regarding RAI products or services.We will give you the opportunity to choose your privacy preferences regarding the communications we send ( see  Your choices and selecting your privacy preferences ).How we share your informationRAI will not sell, rent or lease your personal information to others. RAI may share personal information with companies working on our behalf and RAI-owned business entities.RAI may retain representatives, service providers and suppliers to deliver products, services and customer solutions and to assist RAI with marketing and communication initiatives. Suppliers and service providers are expected to keep confidential the information received on behalf of RAI and may not use it for any purpose other than to carry out the services they are performing for RAI.RAI participates in marketing initiatives with other companies. As part of these initiatives, certain RAI services and marketing communications are delivered at the same time as those from other companies. Some of these services and communications offer you the option to share personal data with both RAI and the other companies participating in these initiatives. Except as described in this Statement, RAI will not share the personal information you provide to RAI with any third parties without your permission, unless to: (i) respond to duly authorized information requests of governmental authorities; (ii) comply with any law, regulation, subpoena, or court order; (iii) help prevent fraud or to enforce or protect the rights and properties of RAI or its subsidiaries; or (iv) protect the personal safety of RAI employees and third parties on RAI property.Circumstances may arise where, at its sole discretion, RAI decides to sell, buy, merge or otherwise reorganize businesses in some countries. Such a transaction may involve the disclosure of personal information to prospective or actual purchasers, or the receipt of it from sellers. It is RAI's practice to seek appropriate protection for information in these types of transactions.Children's privacyRAI does not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 13 and does not target its websites to children under 13.Your choices and selecting your privacy preferencesRAI gives you the choice of receiving a variety of information that complements our products and services. You can subscribe to receive certain product- and service-specific information and also choose to receive RAI general communications. We give you a choice regarding delivery of RAI general communications by postal mail, email and telephone.You can make or change your choices about receiving either subscription or general communications at the data collection point or by using other methods, which are listed in the following sections. This option does not apply to communications primarily for the purpose of administering order completion, contracts, support, product safety warnings, driver updates, or other administrative and transactional notices.Subscription communicationsSubscription communications include email newsletters, software updates, etc. that may be expressly requested by you. After you request such communications, you may opt out of receiving them by using one of the following methods: Select the email "opt out" or "unsubscribe" link, or follow the opt-out instructions included in each subscription communication.Return to the Web page(s) where you originally registered your preferences and follow the opt-out instructions. Access to many RAI subscriptions is available at the Subscriber's Choice web page.Write to the RAI Privacy Office. Be sure to provide your name, email and postal address, and specific relevant information about the RAI subscriptions that you no longer wish to receive.Please be aware that when you opt out of receiving certain subscription communications, it may affect the services you have chosen to receive from RAI where accepting the communications is a condition of receiving the services.RAI general communicationsRAI general communications provide information about products, services, and/or support. This may include new product information, special offers, or invitations to participate in market research.You may be able to indicate whether you want to receive general communications from RAI and you may set your privacy preferences. Your preferences will apply across RAI websites, email, and other communication vehicles. You may opt out of receiving these general communications by using one of the following methods:Select the email "opt out" or "unsubscribe" link, or follow the opt-out instructions included in each communication.Write to the RAI Privacy Department. Be sure to provide your name, email and postal address, and specific relevant information about your privacy preferences.Access to and accuracy of your informationRAI strives to keep your personal information accurately recorded. We have implemented technology, management processes and policies to help maintain data accuracy. To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity, such as requiring a password and user ID, before granting access to your data. To view and change the personal information that you directly provided to RAI you can return to the Web page where you originally submitted your data and follow the instructions on that Web page, or contact the RAI Privacy Department.Keeping your information secureRAI takes seriously the trust you place in us. To prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, to maintain data accuracy, and to ensure the appropriate use of the information, RAI utilizes appropriate physical, technical and administrative procedures to safeguard the information we collect. We use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption when collecting or transferring sensitive data. SSL encryption is designed to make the information unreadable by anyone but us. This security measure is working when you see the symbol of either an unbroken key or a closed lock (depending on your browser) at the bottom of your browser window.Contacting usWe value your opinions. If you have comments or questions about our privacy statement, please send them to the RAI Privacy Department or write to us at the following address:Privacy Department  /  Relational Architects, Inc.  /  33 Newark Street  /  Hoboken NJ 07030downloadreleasespressloginregisterprivacy_policy