https://www.testking.com/terms.htm
Home
Terms And Conditions
Terms And Conditions of WWW.TESTKING.COM website
This site is owned by Certification Trendz Limited.
Website provides you with access to a variety of certification through http://www.testking.com. If you visit or use this site, you affirmatively accept these Terms and Conditions and acknowledge that they constitute a binding agreement between you and Website.
Please read them carefully. Website reserves the right to change these Terms and Conditions without prior notice, and you are solely responsible for regularly reviewing these Terms and Conditions.
Product Descriptions
Website attempts to be as accurate as possible in describing its products. However, Website does not warrant that product descriptions or other content on this site are accurate, complete, reliable, current or error-free. If a product purchased on this site is not substantially as described, your remedy is to contact our live-support or support team ASAP.
Privacy
Please review our PRIVACY POLICY, the provisions of which are incorporated in these Terms and Conditions by this reference. By usig this site, you acknowledge that you have read and understood the Privacy Policy in detail.
Copyright
All content on this site, such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips, digital downloads, and data compilations is the property of Website or its content suppliers and is protected by domestic and international Copyright Laws.
The compilation of all content on this site is exclusive property of Website and is protected by domestic and international copyright laws. All software used on this site is the property of Website or its software suppliers and is protected by domestic and international copyright laws.
Copyright Complaints
Website respects the intellectual property rights of others. If you believe that your property appears on this site in a manner that constitutes infringement of your copyright, please do contact us at support@testking.com and we will respond in the shortest time possible.
License And Site Access
Website grants you a limited time license to access this site, to purchase the products and use the services offered through this site for personal use only.
This license does not permit the following, all of which are strictly prohibited without the prior written consent of Website: Downloading (other than page caching), Modifying, Reproducing, Duplicating, Copying, or any Derivative use of this site or its contents; any Collection or use of any product listings, Descriptions, or Prices; any use of Data Mining, Robots, or Similar Data gathering and Extraction Devices; using or framing any Trademark, Logo, or other Proprietary Information (including images, text, page layout, or form) of Website; using Meta Tags or any other "hidden text" utilizing Website's name or trademarks; or any exploitation of this site or its contents for any commercial purpose.
Fraudulent Activity
You agree to cooperate fully with Website in any investigation by Website or its agents regarding fraudulent or improper activity in connection with the use of this site and the resource, including, but not limited to, fraudulent charge backs and false claims regarding non-receipt of products.
Third-party Sites
This site may also include links and pointers to Internet sites maintained by third parties. Website does not operate or control any information, products or services appearing on or offered through these third-party sites, is not responsible for examining or evaluating these third-party sites and does not assume any responsibility or liability for any actions, products, or content related to these third-party sites.
Reviews, Comments And Other Content
Visitors to this site may post reviews, comments, and other content, so long as such content is not illegal, obscene, threatening, defamatory, invasive of privacy, infringing on intellectual property rights of or otherwise injurious to third parties, and does not consist of or contain software viruses, political campaigning, commercial solicitation, chain letters, mass mailings, or any form of "spam."
You may not use a false e-mail address, impersonate any person or entity, or otherwise mislead as to the origin of any such content.
Website reserves the right to remove or edit such content, but does not regularly review posted content. If you post content, you grant Website a nonexclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, and fully sub-licensable right to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, and display such content throughout the world in any media.
You grant Website and its sub-licensees the right to use the name that you submit in connection with such content, if they choose. You represent and warrant that you own all of the rights to such content; that such content is accurate; that use of such content does not infringe on the rights of, or cause injury to, any person or entity; and that you indemnify Website for all claims resulting from such content.
Website has the right but not the obligation to monitor, edit or remove any activity or content on this site. Website takes no responsibility and assumes no liability for any content posted on this site by you or any third party.
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify and hold Website and its officers, directors, agents, and employees, harmless from any claims, demands, losses or costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, due to or arising out of your use of this site, your breach of these Terms and Conditions, or your violation of any law or the rights of a third party.
Governing Law And Jurisdicition
The prevailing party in any legal proceeding relating to these Terms and Conditions or your use of this site shall be entitled to recovery of reasonable attorney's fees, expert fees, litigation expenses and court costs in addition to any other relief Terms and Conditions and your agreement to be bound hereby are governed by the laws of the United Kingdom, without regard to its conflicts of law rules. In the event of any dispute relating in any way to these Terms and Conditions or your use of this site, you consent to the personal jurisdiction of the U.K and federal courts located in the jurisdiction of the court.
Notices
You consent to receive notices from us by e-mail, by mail at the addresses included in the contact information you provide to Website, or by posting notices on this site.
Notices posted on this site shall be considered received 24 hours after posting.
Notices sent by e-mail shall be considered received immediately upon sending, unless Website receives notice that the e-mail was not delivered.
Notices sent by mail shall be considered received 3 business days after mailing.
Waiver
The failure of Website to enforce any provision of these Terms and Conditions shall not be construed as a waiver or limitation of Website's right subsequently to enforce and compel strict compliance with every provision of these Terms and Conditions.
Remedies
You acknowledge that violation of these Terms and Conditions could cause irreparable harm for which monetary damages may be difficult to ascertain or an inadequate remedy. You therefore agree that Website shall be entitled, in addition to its other rights, to seek and obtain injunctive relief for any violation of these Terms and Conditions without the filing or posting of any bond or surety.
Severability
If any term or provision of these Terms and Conditions is found to be invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, such term or provision shall be deemed modified to the extent necessary to make it valid and enforceable. If such term or provision cannot be so modified, then the same shall be deemed stricken here from, and shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the remainder of these Terms and Conditions.
Entire Agreement
These Terms and Conditions constitute the entire agreement between you and Website regarding the subject matter hereof.
Money Back Guarantee
Testking provides hassle-free money back guarantee with our products. That is because we have 100% trust in the abilities of our professional and experience product team, and our record is a proof of that.
How The Guarantee Works?
Testking Valuable Customers
Testking is the world's largest certification preparation company with 99.6% Pass Rate History from 325384+ Satisfied Customers in 145 Countries.
Secure Shopping Experience
Your purchase with Testking is safe and fast. Your products will be available for immediate download after your payment has been received.
The Testking website is protected by 256-bit SSL from McAfee, the leader in online security.
Need help assistance? Contact us!
Customer Support
Winter SALE! 20% Discount for All Exams!
This is a ONE TIME OFFER. You will never see this Again
Instant Discount 20% OFF
Enter Your Email Address to Receive Your 20% OFF Discount Code Plus... Our Exclusive Weekly Deals
Please enter your email to Get Your Discount Code
A confirmation link will be sent to this email address to verify your login.
Get Your Discount Code
* We value your privacy. We will not rent or sell your email address.
Your 20% Discount on Your Purchase
Save 20%. Today on all IT exams. Instant Download
Use the following Discount Code during the checkout and get 20% discount on all your purchases:
Start Shopping