https://www.gimpsy.com/gimpsy/doc/faq/faq_terms_and_conditions.php
Gimpsy - help
My Gimpsy  Preferences  Help
Terms and Conditions
Last updated: July 26, 2020
Please read these terms and conditions carefully before using Our
Service.
Interpretation and Definitions
Interpretation
The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings
defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall
have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or
in plural.
Definitions
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions:
Company (referred to as either "the
Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in
this Agreement) refers to: Serhii Yukhymovich Oharkov, FOP,
6/463 Dobrovoltsiv Lane, Dnipro 49106 Ukraine Registration
number: 2022700137 Phone: +380(98)6969359 Email:
info@gimpsy.com
Device means any device that can access the Service
such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.
Gimpsy means the name of the website, accessible from https://gimpsy.com
Service refers to Gimpsy.
Site Owner refers to You who suggest the site to Gimpsy.
Terms and Conditions (also referred as
"Terms") mean these Terms and Conditions that form the
entire agreement between You and the Company regarding the use of the
Service.
Third-party Social Media Service means any services
or content (including data, information, products or services)
provided by a third-party that may be displayed, included or made
available by the Service.
You means the individual accessing or using the
Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which
such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.
Acknowledgment
These are the Terms and Conditions governing the use of this Service
and the agreement that operates between You and the Company. These
Terms and Conditions set out the rights and obligations of all users
regarding the use of the Service.
Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned on Your
acceptance of and compliance with these Terms and Conditions. These
Terms and Conditions apply to all visitors, users and others who access
or use the Service.
By accessing or using the Service You agree to be bound by these
Terms and Conditions. If You disagree with any part of these Terms and
Conditions then You may not access the Service.
You represent that you are over the age of 18. The Company does not
permit those under 18 to use the Service.
Your access to and use of the Service is also conditioned on Your
acceptance of and compliance with the Privacy Policy
of the Company. Our Privacy Policy
describe Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and
disclosure of Your personal information when You use Gimpsy and
tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.
Please read Our Privacy
Policy carefully before using Our Service.
Detailed explanations on the nature of Gimpsy, the selection and
inclusion process and much more is available from the main Help page . In particular, the following section should be read
and agreed to prior to requesting any service from Gimpsy. Site
Promotion Option Agreement
should be read and agreed if you want to promote your site in
Gimpsy.
The Service
Gimpsy is a selective repository of links to web sites. Any web site suggested for
inclusion will undergo a thorough Our review to determine whether it meets the required
criteria or not. There is no fee associated with including a site in Gimpsy.
Site Owner may also suggest sites for inclusion in Gimpsy free of charge. However, due to the large
volume of such requests, We have limited capacity to review such suggestions in a timely manner.
Site Owner has the option of requesting an allocation of Our time for a review to be done within a
specified time frame.
Paying for a fast review of the web site has no bearing on Our decision.
Sites will be included in Gimpsy (or refused inclusion) based on their content,
as described in detail in the Help section.
Similarly, paying for a quick review does not give the Site Owner
any extra priviledges regarding the classification of
the site, the description accompanying it and such like that other
users do not have.
Limitations of the Submitted Sites Content
Site Owner should not submit for review sites that offer any of the
following:
Tobacco products
Prescription drugs
Drugs and drug paraphernalia
Firearms or ammunition
Weapons and knives
Satellite and cable TV descramblers
Pornography
Government IDs and licences including replicas and novelty items
Unlicensed lotteries or gambling services
Prepaid debit cards or other stored value cards that are not
associated with a particular merchant and are not limited to purchases
of particular products or services
Multi-level marketing, pyramid selling or ponzi schemes, matrix
programmes or other 'get rich quick' schemes or high yield investment
programmes
Goods or services that infringe the intellectual property rights of
a third party.
Submitted site can support any number of languages but English is
mandatory.
Prices
Current prices can be found on the
following
page.
The Company reserves the right to modify its pricing structure
at any time. However, the price that was valid at the time that a site was submitted will be honoured.
Gimpsy Account
A 'Gimpsy Account' is a convenient way for you to manage your expenditure
with Gimpsy. Once opened, you can use the balance only to pay for
any Gimpsy service, such as paying for a quick review of other sites that
you may own or that you manage.
Delivery Policy
Our Delivery Policy is fully explained
here
and should be seen as an integral part of these Terms and Conditions.
Return/Refund Policy
Our Return/Refund Policy is fully explained
here
and should be seen as an integral part of these Terms and Conditions.
Links to Other Websites
Our Service may contain links to third-party web sites or services
that are not owned or controlled by the Company.
The Company has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for,
the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party web
sites or services. You further acknowledge and agree that the Company
shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any
damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with
the use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available
on or through any such web sites or services.
We strongly advise You to read the terms and conditions and privacy
policies of any third-party web sites or services that You visit.
Termination
We may terminate or suspend Your access immediately, without prior
notice or liability, for any reason whatsoever, including without
limitation if You breach these Terms and Conditions.
Upon termination, Your right to use the Service will cease
immediately.
Limitation of Liability
Notwithstanding any damages that You might incur, the entire
liability of the Company and any of its suppliers under any provision
of this Terms and Your exclusive remedy for all of the foregoing shall
be limited to the amount actually paid by You through the Service or 0
(zero) USD if You haven't purchased anything through the Service.
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, in no event shall
the Company or its suppliers be liable for any special, incidental,
indirect, or consequential damages whatsoever (including, but not
limited to, damages for loss of profits, loss of data or other
information, for business interruption, for personal injury, loss of
privacy arising out of or in any way related to the use of or inability
to use the Service, third-party software and/or third-party hardware
used with the Service, or otherwise in connection with any provision of
this Terms), even if the Company or any supplier has been advised of
the possibility of such damages and even if the remedy fails of its
essential purpose.
Some states do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties or
limitation of liability for incidental or consequential damages, which
means that some of the above limitations may not apply. In these
states, each party's liability will be limited to the greatest extent
permitted by law.
"AS IS" and "AS AVAILABLE" Disclaimer
The Service is provided to You "AS IS" and "AS
AVAILABLE" and with all faults and defects without warranty of any
kind. To the maximum extent permitted under applicable law, the
Company, on its own behalf and on behalf of its respective licensors
and service providers, expressly disclaims all warranties, whether
express, implied, statutory or otherwise, with respect to the Service,
including all implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a
particular purpose, title and non-infringement, and warranties that may
arise out of course of dealing, course of performance, usage or trade
practice. Without limitation to the foregoing, the Company provides no
warranty or undertaking, and makes no representation of any kind that
the Service will meet Your requirements, achieve any intended results,
be compatible or work with any other software, applications, systems or
services, operate without interruption, meet any performance or
reliability standards or be error free or that any errors or defects
can or will be corrected.
Without limiting the foregoing, neither the Company nor any of the
company's provider makes any representation or warranty of any kind,
express or implied: (i) as to the operation or availability of the
Service, or the information, content, and materials or products
included thereon; (ii) that the Service will be uninterrupted or
error-free; (iii) as to the accuracy, reliability, or currency of any
information or content provided through the Service; or (iv) that the
Service, its servers, the content, or e-mails sent from or on behalf of
the Company are free of viruses, scripts, trojan horses, worms,
malware, timebombs or other harmful components.
Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of certain types of
warranties or limitations on applicable statutory rights of a consumer,
so some or all of the above exclusions and limitations may not apply to
You. But in such a case the exclusions and limitations set forth in
this section shall be applied to the greatest extent enforceable under
applicable law.
Governing Law
The laws of the Ukraine, excluding its conflicts of law rules, shall
govern this Terms and Your use of the Service. Your use of the
Service may also be subject to other local, state, national, or
international laws.
Disputes Resolution
If You have any concern or dispute about the Service, You agree to
first try to resolve the dispute informally by contacting the Company.
For European Union (EU) Users
If You are a European Union consumer, you will benefit from any
mandatory provisions of the law of the country in which you are
resident in.
United States Legal Compliance
You represent and warrant that (i) You are not located in a country
that is subject to the United States government embargo, or that has
been designated by the United States government as a "terrorist
supporting" country, and (ii) You are not listed on any United
States government list of prohibited or restricted parties.
Severability and Waiver
Severability
If any provision of these Terms is held to be unenforceable or
invalid, such provision will be changed and interpreted to accomplish
the objectives of such provision to the greatest extent possible under
applicable law and the remaining provisions will continue in full force
and effect.
Waiver
Except as provided herein, the failure to exercise a right or to
require performance of an obligation under this Terms shall not effect
a party's ability to exercise such right or require such performance at
any time thereafter nor shall be the waiver of a breach constitute a
waiver of any subsequent breach.
Translation Interpretation
These Terms and Conditions may have been translated if We have made
them available to You on our Service. You agree that the original
English text shall prevail in the case of a dispute.
Changes to These Terms and Conditions
We reserve the right, at Our sole discretion, to modify or replace
these Terms at any time. If a revision is material We will make
reasonable efforts to provide at least 30 days' notice prior to any new
terms taking effect. What constitutes a material change will be
determined at Our sole discretion.
By continuing to access or use Our Service after those revisions
become effective, You agree to be bound by the revised terms. If You do
not agree to the new terms, in whole or in part, please stop using the
website and the Service.
Contact Us
If you have questions or comments about our Terms and Conditions, You
can contact Us:
by email
by phone number +380(98)6969359
by mail: Serhii Yukhymovych Oharkov, FOP 6/463
Dobrovoltsiv Lane Dnipro, 49106 Ukraine
© 2001-2020 Gimpsy
Terms Policy