http://www.pcdecrapifier.com/privacy
Toggle navigation
Home
Features
Privacy Policy
Last updated 8/14/2014
General
We don't request personal information unless it is necessary for the product or service that we're offering. This Privacy Policy discloses how information we do collect is used. When possible users have options that limit the use of a their personal information, such as the ability to opt out of receiving newsletters.
We collect some information from all visitors, most of this information is not personally identifiable or private information. The most basic pieces of information include the visitor's IP address, the browser and operating system identification, time and date. This is required in order to operate any website and prevent abuse.
In order for certain features to work correctly, the site may require visitors to allow cookies (both setting and sending). Part of the functionality of a cookie involves recording some user activity on this site (cookies cannot and do not collect information about any sites other than those operated by The PC Decrapifier). See this page for more detailed information on cookies in general.
While The PC Decrapifier makes all reasonable efforts to protect personal information there is no guarantee of privacy.
Advertising
This site may display advertisements. Advertisements are often hosted by a third party. While The PC Decrapifier makes every effort to ensure that advertising is reasonable and non-offensive, the third party advertiser is responsible for the content of the advertisements. Since visitors will see advertisements that the site owner can not, concerns may be reported using the contact form on this site.
Visitor's personal information collected here is not passed on without direct consent. User lists are not sold or passed on.
How we store information
Collected information is stored on the web server in files and databases and on backups which are made periodically. Private information, such as passwords, are encrypted or hashed to prevent unauthorized access.
Mailing lists
This site may operate a mailing list or newsletter which users have the choice of receiving or opting out of.
Responses to requests for information
If a user requests products or services from pcdecrapifier via the contact page or other methods then that user's personal information is used to deliver the product or service and facilitate other related communication.
Statistics gathering
This site gathers information for the purpose of analyzing site performance and user engagement. Information used in these cases is used in aggregate and not intended to identify individual users. Third party software and services (such as Google Analytics) may be used to help in statistics gathering and analysis. These software and services may gather additional information and have their own privacy policies.
During the usage of The PC Decrapifier, certain information regarding the users computer may be collected and sent to this website.
This data is used with the intent to make future improvements to The PC Decrapifier application.
This data may also be used in aggregate to generate statistical reports that may be publicly accessible.
Analysis of Site Misuse or Abuse
Every website on the public Internet is exposed to numerous threats which intend to disrupt the services the site provides or use the resources of the server the site runs on for purposes other than those the legitimate owner intends. In defending the site against such attacks, it is often necessary to analyze server logs and other data gathered by the website. The intent of this analysis is to ensure correct operation for legitimate users but the data analyzed may include personal information which was gathered for purposes listed elsewhere in this document. As much as possible, this information is anonymized except in cases where the information is used to identify an attacker or site abuse.
The preceding paragraph basically means that a user abusing the website loses their expectation of privacy. For example, if someone attempts to use the site for a cross-site scripting attack then they will not be treated as a legitimate user of the site would.
Follow Us On
Facebook
Google Plus