http://www.realdata.com/bl/privacystatement.shtml
Home
Privacy Statement
Privacy Statement
Who We Are
The RealData.com web site is owned and operated by RealData, Inc., a software company located in Southport, CT. The purpose of this updated document is to explain our revised privacy statement in plain language. If you have any questions regarding this privacy statement, please contact us.
We respect your privacy and have endeavored to earn the trust of our customers since the start of our business in 1981. We do not sell, rent or trade the personal information of any of our customers or subscribers to others.
When you hear from us, our emails may display some variation of our company name, such as RealData Software, RealData Dispatch, or Real Estate Investor Education by RealData.
What Information Do We Collect – and How Do We Use It?
Info from our Customers
We use your email address as part of giving you access to your
account, and in order to contact you with important information about your
account and about the products you have purchased from us. We may use cookies
as a necessary part of the ordering process and to allow you to manage your
account.
You must identify yourself in order to place an order for a
RealData product and for us to fulfill that order; and we will store your name, address, email, and purchase
history in our database of customers. RealData uses a secure server for online
order processing and has its own secure (https) certificate.
When you place an order, your credit card information is encrypted
and sent directly to the credit card processor; RealData does not store this
information. We do not see your card number at any time during the placing of
an order. After the order is complete, the processor provides us with
transaction details that include your name, address, and email, and the last
four digits only of your card number.
RealData.com stores session information to remember the contents
of your shopping cart and customer/order information during the order process.
This session data is deleted automatically after your order is completed.
You will need to identify yourself when and if you choose to
register as a user of one of our software products.
We use this information about your order and registration in order
to fulfill our commitment to you to provide you with technical and general
product support. We make such support available only to registered users of our
software, so it is essential that we can recognize you as a user of a
particular RealData product. We may also use your registration information if
we need to contact you with information or updates about your order, or about the
availability of updates or upgrades to products you have licensed from us. For
example, since most of our products are based on Microsoft Excel, we may need
to inform you if a change in Excel might affect the behavior of your licensed
RealData product; or, we may inform you that a new version of a product you
purchased is available to registered users at a discount.
If you want us to remove your software registration information
from our database, contact us. Please understand that once your registration is deleted, you
will no longer be able to re-install or reactivate your software, and we will
be unable to provide you with product support or upgrades.
Info from our Subscribers
You are under no obligation to subscribe to our newsletter mailing list. If you decide to opt-in to our newsletter (i.e., the "Dispatch") list, then from time to time we will send emails that may include information we believe to be of interest to both
customers and non-customers, including notices about product support issues, new
program features, updates, or upgrades. Our mailings may also include marketing
content, special offers and promotions, educational content, ebooks, and industry-related news.
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe
from receiving future emails, we include an unsubscribe link at the bottom of
each email, or you may contact us.
Info from our Website Visitors
When you visit our website we may use various
technologies, including cookies, to collect information about your browsing on
our site. You can configure your browser settings to control the use of
cookies. We primarily use Google Analytics to gather information (see below). RealData.com does not seek to collect information that can
personally identify any visitor to our web site except when you willingly and knowingly agree to provide that information,
usually by placing an order, subscribing to one of our mailing lists, or
contacting us independently. Please see the next section for more specific
information.
Third Party Sites and Data Processors
Email Service Providers
We manage our email lists and send our newsletters, marketing
messages, and other content via email service providers. Currently we use Mailerlite (mailerlite.com).
This service allows us to collect signups to our newsletter lists, store our
email lists securely, process unsubscribe requests, track information about
messages opened and links clicked, and allow us to automate follow-up messages.
You can view MailerLite's privacy policy and terms of service. You may unsubscribe from our mailings at any time.
Learning Platform for Online Courses
We use a third-party learning platform, https://teachable.com (previously usefedora.com), to host our
online video courses. We upload our videos and PDFs to their site. You will
usually get to our courses on their site via the url https://learn.realdata.com, which then redirects
you automatically to our school on the teachable.com website, https://real-estate-investor-education.usefedora.com/.
Teachable processes payments from our students through their own ecommerce gateway.
They collect the name and email address of course enrollees and send those to
us. They track students' progress through our courses, which gives us
information we need when we award completion certificates. They embed a
privacy policy
and terms of use within our course offerings. You may view Teachable's
terms and conditions and privacy statement.
In regard to our course completion certificates, we currently use Accredible.com to issue those certificates and badges. When
we believe a student has met our course completion requirements, we enter the
student's name and email address into our account on the Accredible
site and the student is sent an email to alert them that they can access,
manage, and download the certificate and badge if they so choose. You may view their privacy policy terms of use.
Website Analytics
We use Google Analytics (GA) as a data processor to keep track of
the performance of our website, to improve our web design, and to help us
understand the market for our software and educational offerings. GA provides
us with information about page views on our site so we can know which pages are
the most popular. They give us information about: the types of devices, browsers, and operating
systems used by our visitors; what third-party sites have referred visitors to
us; keyword searches that brought visitors to our site; geographic sources of
website traffic; about visitors' paths through our site; and similar website
metrics. We "anonymize" the IP tracking of visitors and do not use Google
Analytics for the purpose of identifying individual visitors. You may view Google's
privacy policy.
Customer Support Management
Like most web-based businesses today, to avoid spambots we no
longer put a visible email address on our site. Instead we use a support ticket
system, enchant.com. We use this
ticket system to answer your questions and to keep track of any outstanding
queries that still need to be resolved. Your questions, including the contact
information you provide, and our responses are stored on their server. You may view their privacy policy and terms.
Links To or From Other Sites
From time to time, RealData.com
may display links to other sites. We do not control the content
or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices
employed by websites linked to or from our site. In addition, these sites or
services, including their content and links, may be frequently changing. These
sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service
policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites
which have a link to our site, is subject to that website's own terms and
policies.
Changes
This statement was revised and posted as of: May 24, 2018
It may change from time to time, so please check back periodically.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions regarding our privacy statement, please feel free to contact us at https://www.realdata.com/contact/.
Save a Bundleof Money
Choose from one of our four software bundles and save as much as 36%!
Combine and Save!
Our Newsletter
The RealData Dispatch, our newsletter about wise investing and software updates.
Thank you for subscribing.Please check your inbox for a confirmation email.
Yes, I've read your privacy policy and would like to subscribe
"RealData is the best real estate commercial spreadsheet available
at its price. Hell, it's the best commercial spreadsheet available period.
I have had experience with some of the other providers who sell their
programs for thousands of dollars and they're not as good or as sophisticated
as RealData."
John FaraciInterstate Apartment AcquisitionsRaleigh, NC
All Testimonials »
Sign in
Email:
Password:
Sign In Forgot password?
×