http://www.kognitio.com/privacy-policy
Solutions
Solutions
Kognitio for Data Analytics Service ProvidersKognitio for BI & Analytics LeadersKognitio for Chief Data OfficersKognitio for Data ArchitectsKognitio for Data Scientists
Use cases
Use cases
Accelerate self-service BI & analyticsEnsuring data quality for analyticsFaster data visualizationsHigh performance data warehouse for big data
Services & support
Support
DocumentationSupport portal (customers only)Community forumSupport OptionsAll Downloads
Professional ServicesDevelopers
More
More
AboutBig DataBlogCareersContact UsCase StudiesLearnNews & EventsPartnersResourcesSQL on Hadoop
Getting Started
Cookies help deliver this website. By using the site, you agree to the websites use of cookies, as detailed in the cookie policy.
Privacy Policy
YOUR RIGHT TO PRIVACY
Kognitio Limited and Kognitio Inc. (collectively Kognitio) are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This policy sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it. By visiting Kognitio.com or other Kognitio sites that link to this privacy policy, you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this policy.
Because we understand that our customers are concerned about privacy, we have instituted policies intended to ensure that their personal information is handled in a safe and responsible manner.
Information we may collect from you
Information you give us. You may give us information about you by filling in forms on kognitio.com (our site) or by corresponding with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise. This includes information you provide when you register to download our software, sign up for our newsletter, sign up to the community forum or sign up for access to our customer support portal, and when you report a problem with our site. The information you give us may include your name, address, e-mail address and phone number.
Information we collect about you. With regard to each of your visits to our site we may automatically collect information relating to your activities, interactions, preferences, transactional information, and other technical computer and connection information, including IP address, relating to your use of our site.
We collect this information under legitimate interests.
Personally identifiable information
If you use our website with cookies enabled, if you complete a form on our website or provide us with your information by other means, the personal information we collect from you may include:
Name
Email address
Job title
Address
Phone number
IP address
Legitimate interests
Kognitio has a legitimate interest to process the data of data subjects it deems relevant, and that could have a potential interest in its products &/or services. It has a Legitimate Interest to do this in order to send marketing communications to them, in order to increase sales, and so sustain the business and its growth. Kognitio also processes the data of its customers in order to ensure they have the latest patches and product updates, as well as delivering offers and other relevant materials. If you wish to learn more about our use of Legitimate Interests, or to exercise any of your rights as a data subject, please get in touch.
The paragraphs in this section explain how and why we process your personal data, as well as the legal basis on which we carry out this processing.
We use information held about you in the following ways:
To inform you how to install and use our software: we will process your personal data when you download our software from our website with the legitimate interest of ensuring you know how to install and use the software. When you download the software you are required to provide an email address so that we can provide you with this information. You will not receive any further communications from Kognitio unless you have expressly opted in, or unless we need to contact you as a matter of urgency regarding the use of our software.
To enter into and perform contracts with you: to carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us and to provide you with the information, products and services that you request from us.
To make our website better: we will also process your personal data in order to provide you with a more tailored experience when you visit our website. For example, we may use your personal data to tailor our website to make sure it is displayed effectively for the device you are using. We also use various third party cookies to help us improve our website (more details can be found in our Cookies policy).
We also process your personal data for the purposes of making our website more secure, to administer our website and for internal operations including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research and statistical and survey purposes.
The legal basis on which we can process your personal data in these circumstances is our legitimate interest to provide you with the best possible website we can, and to ensure that our website is kept secure.
For marketing purposes: Where you have opted in to receive marketing communications from us, we will process your personal data to provide you with technical and marketing communications that you may be interested in. We never sell your personal data to third parties.
The legal basis on which we process your personal data for marketing purposes is your consent. You are not under any obligation to provide us with your personal data for marketing purposes and you can withdraw your consent to your personal data being processing in this way at any time by contacting us at info@kognitio.com. If you choose do withdraw your consent, this will not mean that our processing of your personal data before you withdrew your consent was unlawful.
If our business is sold: We will transfer your personal data to a third party: in the event that we buy or sell any business or assets, in which case we will disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets (at all times in accordance with all applicable data protection laws); or if Kognitio Ltd or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by Kognitio about its customers will be one of the assets transferred to the purchaser.
In each case, the legal basis on which we process your personal data in these circumstances is our legitimate interest to ensure our business can be continued by a purchaser. If you object to our use of your personal data in this way, the relevant seller or buyer of our business may not be able to provide services to you.
Cookies
Our website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and also allows us to improve our site. For detailed information on the cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them see our Cookie policy.
Disclosure of your information
Kognitio does not sell, rent, or trade personal information collected through our site with third parties for their sole promotional purposes.
We may capture your personal information in specific supplier third party applications where we have a contract with those parties (such as our marketing automation platform and customer relationship management providers) only in the ways that are described in this privacy policy.
Kognitio may disclose your personal information:
To our service providers with whom we have a contract for Kognitio’s sales, marketing and support purposes. If you do not want us to share your personal information with these companies, contact us at info@kognitio.com.
To all advisers appointed by us to assist with the administration of the Kognitio software.
If the disclosure is required by law as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process, when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request.
Kognitio Inc is liable for appropriate onwards transfers of personal data to third parties.
If Kognitio Limited is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our website of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information.
Those parties which supply services to us, and to which we disclose personal information, have undertaken to comply with our confidentiality requirements under relevant legislation. These companies are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to us. Such parties include salesforce.com and Hubspot.
Where we store your personal data
We may store Personal Data itself or such information may be stored by third parties to whom we have transferred it in accordance with this Privacy Policy. We take what we believe to be reasonable steps to protect the Personal Data collected via the Services from loss, misuse, unauthorized use, access, inadvertent disclosure, alteration and destruction. However, no network, server, database or Internet or e-mail transmission is ever fully secure or error free. Therefore, you should take special care in deciding what information you send to us electronically. Please keep this in mind when disclosing any Personal Data.
Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone.
Your rights
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. We will usually inform you (before collecting your data) if we intend to use your data for such purposes or if we intend to disclose your information to any third party for such purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by checking certain boxes on the forms we use to collect your data or clicking the unsubscribe link in emails. You can also exercise the right at any time by contacting us at info@kognitio.com.
Our site may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
Blogs
Our Web site offers publicly accessible blogs and community forums. You should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read, collected, and used by others who access them. To request removal of your personal information from our blog or community forum, contact us at info@kognitio.com.
Correcting and updating your personal information
Upon request we will provide you with information about whether we hold, or process on behalf of a third party, any of your personal information. To request this information, please contact us at info@kognitio.com. You may also contact us at the said email address to review, update and delete your personal information to ensure it is accurate. We will respond to your request to access within 30 days.
Data retention
According to the GDPR, we will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services, contact us at info@kognitio.com. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
How we may contact you
If you have downloaded one of our software products, we may need to contact you to inform you of important product updates and patches in relation to the proper use of the software.
If you have downloaded the software but not consented to receive other emails from us, you will not receive any communications except those essential to the product.
If you have consented to receive emails from us, we may send you emails relating to blogs, news and events, whitepapers and other information around analytics and SQL on big data that you may find interesting. If you decide you no longer want to receive these emails, you can unsubscribe at any time by using the unsubscribe link in a Kognitio email, or by emailing us at info@kognitio.com
Removing consent
As stated in the GDPR, you can withdraw your consent for us to contact you at any time. Should you wish to remove your consent for us to contact you, email info@kognitio.com with the subject line “I remove my consent to be contacted by Kognitio”.
Changes to our privacy policy
Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our privacy policy.
Contact
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be addressed to info@kognitio.com.
Copyright © 2020 Kognitio Ltd
Privacy Policy | Cookie Policy