https://www.theallineed.com/privacy-and-legal-issues/
News
Health & Fitness
Home & Family
Business
Science
Technology
Leisure
Travel
Humor
Sign in
Welcome!Log into your account
your username
your password
Forgot your password?
Privacy and legal issues
Password recovery
Recover your password
your email
Search
4.6
C
New York
Friday, December 11, 2020
Advertise here
Privacy and legal issues
Contact
Write a guest post here
Sign in
Welcome! Log into your account
your username
your password
Forgot your password? Get help
Privacy and legal issues
Password recovery
Recover your password
your email
A password will be e-mailed to you.
The All I Need
News
Health & Fitness
Home & Family
Business
Science
Technology
Leisure
Travel
Humor
Home
Privacy and legal issues
Privacy and legal issues
Lexur (“us”, “we”, or “our”), operates this website (the “Site”).
Privacy Policy
This section informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information we receive from users of the Site. We use your Personal Information only for providing and improving the Site. By using the Site, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, accessible at this website.
Information Collection And Use
While using our Site, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to, your name, email address, postal address and phone number (“Personal Information”).
Log Data
Like many site operators, we collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Site (“Log Data”). This Log Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Site that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and stored on your computer’s hard drive. Like many sites, we use “cookies” to collect information. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Site.
The cookies on this website are used to personalize content and ads, offer social networking features and analyze traffic. In addition, we share information about your use of the website with our social media, advertising and web analytics partners, who can combine it with other information you have provided or collected from your use of their services. See details
Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links To Other Sites
Our Site may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit. This website has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party sites or services.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
This website may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on the Site. You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes.
Terms of use
These Terms And Conditions contained herein on this webpage, shall govern your use of this website, including all pages within this website (collectively referred to herein below as this “Website”). These Terms apply in full force and effect to your use of this Website and by using this Website, you expressly accept all terms and conditions contained herein in full. You must not use this Website, if you have any objection to any of these Terms And Conditions.
This Website is not for use by any minors (defined as those who are not at least 18 years of age), and you must not use this Website if you a minor.
Intellectual Property Rights.
Other than content you own, which you may have opted to include on this Website, under these Terms, Lexur and/or its licensors own all rights to the intellectual property and material contained in this Website, and all such rights are reserved.
You are granted a limited license only, subject to the restrictions provided in these Terms, for purposes of viewing the material contained on this Website,
Restrictions.
You are expressly and emphatically restricted from all of the following:
publishing any Website material in any media;
selling, sublicensing and/or otherwise commercializing any Website material;
publicly performing and/or showing any Website material;
using this Website in any way that is, or may be, damaging to this Website;
using this Website in any way that impacts user access to this Website;
using this Website contrary to applicable laws and regulations, or in a way that causes, or may cause, harm to the Website, or to any person or business entity;
engaging in any data mining, data harvesting, data extracting or any other similar activity in relation to this Website, or while using this Website;
using this Website to engage in any advertising or marketing;
Certain areas of this Website are restricted from access by you and Lexur may further restrict access by you to any areas of this Website, at any time, in its sole and absolute discretion. Any user ID and password you may have for this Website are confidential and you must maintain confidentiality of such information.
No warranties.
This Website is provided “as is,” with all faults, and Lexur makes no express or implied representations or warranties, of any kind related to this Website or the materials contained on this Website. Additionally, nothing contained on this Website shall be construed as providing consult or advice to you.
Limitation of liability.
In no event shall Lexur, nor any of its officers, directors and employees, be liable to you for anything arising out of or in any way connected with your use of this Website, whether such liability is under contract, tort or otherwise, and Lexur, including its officers, directors and employees shall not be liable for any indirect, consequential or special liability arising out of or in any way related to your use of this Website.
Indemnification.
You hereby indemnify to the fullest extent Lexur from and against any and all liabilities, costs, demands, causes of action, damages and expenses (including reasonable attorney’s fees) arising out of or in any way related to your breach of any of the provisions of these Terms.
Severability.
If any provision of these Terms is found to be unenforceable or invalid under any applicable law, such unenforceability or invalidity shall not render these Terms unenforceable or invalid as a whole, and such provisions shall be deleted without affecting the remaining provisions herein.
Variation of Terms.
Lexur is permitted to revise these Terms at any time as it sees fit, and by using this Website you are expected to review such Terms on a regular basis to ensure you understand all terms and conditions governing use of this Website.
Assignment.
Lexur shall be permitted to assign, transfer, and subcontract its rights and/or obligations under these Terms without any notification or consent required. However, .you shall not be permitted to assign, transfer, or subcontract any of your rights and/or obligations under these Terms.
Entire Agreement.
These Terms, including any legal notices and disclaimers contained on this Website, constitute the entire agreement between Lexur and you in relation to your use of this Website, and supersede all prior agreements and understandings with respect to the same.
Governing Law & Jurisdiction.
These Terms will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Kingdom of Spain, and you submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in Granada (SPAIN) for the resolution of any disputes.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy or Terms of Use, please contact us.
- Advertisement -
DON'T MISS ...
These are the 5 most popular games of 2020 on YouTube
December 9, 2020
What is Norovirus, the new outbreak that concerns China?
December 5, 2020
Someone sells a photo of a PS5 printed on a sheet...
December 9, 2020
Boris Johnson finds agreement difficult and assumes a chaotic break with...
December 8, 2020
Load more Frequent topicsAdvertising
Android
apps
Brazil
budget
California
children
China
coronavirus
COVID-19
customers
diet
Donald Trump
drugs
employees
exercise
Facebook
Florida
France
Google+
India
infections
injuries
insurance
Italy
Joe Biden
London
Mexico
New York
North Korea
pandemic
PS4
rcxsn
Russia
SEO
Sleep
smartphones
Steam
stress
Texas
United Kingdom
United States
Vaccine
White House
Wuhan
LEXUR NETWORKSThe All I Need
Lukor
eBusiness Planet
Family Again
Tech Nation News
Most shared
How to Radically Transform Your Business
July 13, 2017
6 Ways You Can Improve Your Life
August 3, 2017
Recent posts
France fines Google 100 million euros and Amazon 35 million euros for inserting unauthorized cookies
Cyberpunk 2077 marks a record-breaking debut on Steam with over 1 million simultaneous players
The shocking explosion of Space X, the prototype spacecraft to reach Mars
The EU, prepared for a non-agreement with London: these are the “contingency guidelines”
ABOUT USWe have a different point of view about reality; maybe it's not the best nor the most original, just another one, because life itself is polyhedral and is not enough with a single approach to news, technology, science or lifestyle.Contact us: webmaster@theallineed.comFOLLOW US
Home
Advertise here
Contact
Privacy and legal issues
Write a guest post here
© Brought to you by Lexur Networks