http://www.mps.mpg.de/privacy-policy
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Data Collection and Processing
We wish to make our websites as appealing and comfortable for you as possible. To this end, analysis of statistical information relating to your utilisation of our websites and the collection of technical details on the web browsers and computers of our online visitors is very helpful for us.
We employ the web analytics tool Piwik for these purposes, which uses Cookies and JavaScript to collect information on your computer and automatically forwards it to us (pseudonymised user data). Storing and analysis of data takes place on a central Piwik server, which is operated by the Max Planck Society. Of course, you may object to the collection of data. Objecting is very simple, it only takes one click.
Further information on which data is collected and on your options to object is available in our Data Collection Declaration.
Also, the integration of external services such as Google Maps or Openstreetmap for route maps, Youtube or Amazon Cloud is always undertaken in a considerate manner and with the aim of making your visit on our websites as pleasant as possible.
We must advise you, however, that your IP address and perhaps other data related to your person will be transmitted to the service provider concerned (Google, Amazon etc.) and may be stored or analyzed there.
The data protection officer of the Max Planck Society is available for questions concerning the topic of data protection at dsb@gv.mpg.de or +49 89 2108-1554.
Personalized Services / Newsletter
Insofar as you have decided to take advantage of a personalized service such as subscribing to newsletter services or completing contact forms, the required personal data are stored. As a rule, this includes your e-mail address, first and surname as well as other data – depending on the type of offer. Your data are used only in order to provide you with the desired offer to your satisfaction and in order to respond to any inquiries. If you no longer wish to take advantage of a personalized service, your personal data will be deleted after you cancel your registration – insofar as registration is required for use of the service. If you wish to cancel your subscription to a newsletter or another personalized service, you can either send us an e-mail, or carry out cancellation by using the respective link at the end of the newsletter.
For some particular services, your personal information will be administered and stored in the context of commissioned data processing on systems of Infopark AG, Berlin.
Data Transmission
Your personal data will only be transmitted to government organizations and authorities in legally required cases and/or for prosecution in the event of attacks on our network infrastructure. Your personal data are not provided to third parties for any other purpose.
Navigation
Web-View
Print Page
Open in new window
Estimated DIN-A4 page-width
Go to Editor View