http://www.privacytactics.com/cs/privacy.htm
location on site: home > privacy policy
Privacy Policy
Collection & Tracking of Personal Information
What we Do with Collected Information
Use of Cookies
Controlling Your Personal Information
Security of Your Personal Information
Users Outside the United States
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
Contact Information
COLLECTION
& TRACKING OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We may ask you to provide information to provide specific services
to you. (Such as becoming a part of a newsletter or ordering a product.)
Information you provide will be used only for the specific purpose for
which it was collected. Our web server will automatically collect information
such as your Internet Protocol, (IP) address, browser type, domain name,
time you access our page(s) and if available, the web page which is the
referring page. This information is used only for usage analysis of
web pages on our site and user paths taken though our site. No attempt
is made to tie this anonymous information back to any personally identifiable
information.
WHAT WE DO WITH
COLLECTED INFORMATION
We use personal information to fulfill product orders or provide requested
services. If any services involve ongoing customer contact, customers
may choose to opt-out of participating in ongoing programs. Non-personally
identifiable information such as page usage logs are used to administer
our online products, troubleshoot any problems and look at usage to see
what parts of our online products are popular and may warrant more treatment.
Information collected by this site is not shared with any partners or
services other than to complete transactions initiated by customers. Any reports which may be produced for any partners will not contain personally
identifiable information other than as needed to fulfill requested product or service orders. All relationships will only
be
with reputable vendors with appropriately respectful privacy policies and where necessary for transactions, approrpriate security measures.
We must and do reserve the right to use or disclose information without notice
or consent if law should require it. Similarly, we will use available
information to conduct investigations into customer complaints or possible
illegal activities as necessary to protect our site and property.
This web site has relationships with web other sites in that other online
shopping sites may sell and distribute our products. We make every effort to
only do business with and distribute our products to reputable companies.
However, it is conceiveable our products may be distributed by businesses with which we have no direct relationship. In cases where you
choose to use such sites or order our products from these sites, we encourage
you to seek out these sites' privacy and customer service policies.
USE OF COOKIES
This site does not use cookies for user tracking for any purpose within
the information content areas. Browser software allows for the storage
of so-called "cookies," which may store small amounts of data
that could be used to track your activities, provide customized web services
and other features. In any case, this information site does not make use of cookies.
We may, however, use cookies as part of a shopping cart order in order to fulfill
product.
This site may use cookies as part of a shopping cart to facillitate product ordering and fulfillment. This may include advertising tracking within this site. However, neither this site nor any attached ordering module, attaches
any of your personally identifiable information advertising cookie data.
CONTROLLING YOUR
PERSONAL INFORMATION
Users may change or correct personal information they may have provided
to us by visiting our Contact section and sending us an Email. As the
company does not collect any personal information other than to fulfill
orders, such changes will necessarily relate to fulfillment and billing.
However, some information may not be removed from our system. For example, a product
order will generate a fulfillment record. Our payment processing system
and your own credit card company may have requirements for record keeping
precluding us from immediate deletion of certain types of records. If you order from us and subsequently request that your billing record be fully deleted, you should be aware that payment company you used, (credit card or other online payment), will likely maintain a transaction record in any case. Additionally, we cannot allow for returns for orders where we have no billing record.
SECURITY OF YOUR
PERSONAL INFORMATION
All TetraMesa, (the publisher of Privacy Tactics), employees and contractors
are required to be familiar with our Privacy Policy.
In
the case of product payment and fulfillment operations, secure servers
are used to accomplish safe online purchases. Customer information used
for fulfillment is transmitted and received by secure means and physically
protected in endpoint systems. Only employees with specific need to access
information are allowed or capable of doing so.
USERS OUTSIDE THE
UNITED STATES
Our web site and product operations are located in the United States
of America. Any issues regarding our online or offline products are governed
by the laws of the State of New York. Any information you provide to this
site via online forms or Email will be transmitted to and stored within
the United States. Should you be using any of our online products or transacting
with us with regards to our offline products, you are authorizing us to use your transmitted information as necessary to complete the desired transaction under rules of United States and New York State law.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY
POLICY
This Privacy Policy may be updated as necessary to provide you with clarity
as to what this site does with regards to protecting its users' privacy.
Also, ever evolving legal requirements in the privacy area may compel
other changes. Any changes we make to this policy will be clearly identified
and posted here prior to our implementing any
operational change.
CONTACT INFORMATION
If you have questions about our Privacy Policy or practices, please contact
us via our Contact page.
If you would like, you may also contact us by postal mail:
Web Customer Service
TetraMesa
119 Rockland Ctr, Rte. 59 #92
Nanuet, NY 10954-2964
Updated August 2003
Order now from Just Bookz!
Enter
Privacy Tactics Additional Resources links online...
privacy policy
::
customer service :: media :: booksellers/wholesalers
:: partners :: contact