http://www.actenum.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
SolutionsWell Delivery Maintenance Turnarounds Decommissioning Logistics
ProductsActenum DSO Actenum DSO/CX
ServicesImplementation Process
ResourcesArticles White Papers Case Studies Video Gallery FAQs
AboutAbout Actenum Why Actenum What Customers are Saying Careers News & Events Management Directors Blog Contact Us or Request a Demo
Blog Contact Us Requesta Demo
Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policy for this website
Revision date: 31-Dec-2018
Introduction
Actenum maintains and administers this website, and we are committed to ensuring that your privacy is maintained when you visit it. This web page describes the policy that we have put in place concerning information that we may collect about you and how you use our website.
Information collection
When you visit our website you may provide us with two types of information: personal information that you knowingly disclose, collected on an individual basis; and website use information, collected on an aggregate basis.
Personal information
You may provide us with information about yourself, your organization, and your interests when you request additional information through our site. This information is used for the purposes of administering and expanding our business activities, providing service to our customers, and making other products and services available to our customers and prospective customers.
Occasionally, we may also use the information that we collect to notify you about important changes to our website, new services, and special offers that we think you will find valuable. You may notify us at any time if you do not wish to receive these offers by sending an email message to: info@actenum.com.
If you send us personal information in response to a Career posting, we will only use that information to evaluate your qualifications and suitability for the posted position.
Website use information
We collect information regarding your activities on our website. This helps us to determine how best to provide useful information to you, and to understand which parts of our website are of most interest to you.
We, or a third party acting on our behalf, may use standard technologies, such as web server logs, to tailor and improve the web content we deliver to you, make recommendations based on information you previously provided, and gauge the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns and e-mail correspondence.
This website uses various web analytics tools (such as Google Analytics and Bing Webmaster Tools) and other measurement tools to help us to analyze how you use the site. These tools use “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to collect standard internet log information and visitor behaviour information in an anonymous form. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) is transmitted to Google, Microsoft, and the other vendors that may be assisting us in our analysis. This information is then used to evaluate visitors’ use of the website and to compile statistical reports on website activity for www.actenum.com.
We will never (and will not allow any third party to) use the statistical analytics tools to track or to collect any personally identifiable information about you. The web analytics providers do not associate your IP address with any other data held by them. Neither we, nor the web analytics vendors, will link, or seek to link, an IP address with the identity of a computer user. We will not associate any data gathered from this site with any personally identifying information from any source, unless you explicitly submit that information via a fill-in form on our website.
Sharing Information with third parties
We respect your right to privacy when using our website. We are the sole owner of the customer information collected on this site, and will not share this information in any ways other than those disclosed in this statement.
We do not provide personal identifying information to third parties for the marketing of their products and services.
Links
This website contains links to other sites, and we are not responsible for the privacy practices of those other sites. We encourage you to be aware of links that lead you away from our site, and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected on the Actenum website.
Notice of new services
Occasionally, we may use the information we collect to notify you of changes to our website, new services, and special offers we think you will find valuable. You can notify us of your desire not to receive these offers by sending an email message to: info@actenum.com.
Notification of Changes
If we change our privacy policy, we will post notification of those changes to this document so that you are aware of changes to the information we collect, how it is used, and under which circumstances, if any, it is disclosed. If at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify you by email. You will have a choice as to whether or not we use your information in this different manner. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.
Questions
If you have questions, or if you feel we are in violation of this privacy policy, please contact us.
Go to Top
Please complete and submit the form to schedule an online live demonstration of Actenum DSO. Once we receive the form, we will contact you to arrange a time.
Name*Last NamePhone*Email Address*
Company*CommentsCommentsThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Our website uses cookies to personalize and enhance your experience and improve the delivery of information
to you. By clicking "Accept", you agree to our use of cookies. Click “Learn more” to read our Privacy Policy and find out how we use and protect your information
ACCEPT
LEARN MORE