https://www.free-javascripts.com/privacy.html
> Home
> Related Links
Related Links
This Website is owned & operated byiOnline Pty Ltd
Our postal address is:
PO Box 150
Arundel, Qld 4214
Australia
We can be reached via e-mail at webmaster@ionline.com.au
Or you can reach us by fax at +617-5594-9052
The policies below are applicable to Free-Javascripts.com.
iOnline Pty Ltd collects personally identifying information only during opt-in mailing list registration. In addition, registration is required and information is collected in certain portions of these sites in which guests provide content submissions and suggestions or participate in interactive online activities (i.e., guestbooks, free-4-all links, Submission Station usage). Para-Noir Productions may use such information to track compliance with our House Rules, or for editorial and feedback purposes (to the extent that is explained when guests provide the information). In the event that Para-Noir Productions plans to post any such information on a site, guests are provided prior notification of such posting and given the option of preventing such posting.
We do not sell, rent, share, trade or give away any email address you have provided in order to receive our free newsletter.
About IP Addresses
iOnline Pty Ltd collects IP addresses for the purposes of system
administration and to report aggregate information to our advertisers.
An IP address is a number that's automatically assigned to your computer
whenever you're surfing the Web. Web servers -- the big computers that
"serve" up Web pages -- automatically identify your computer by its IP
address.
When guests request pages from iOnline Pty Ltd' sites, our servers log the
guests' IP addresses. We do not link IP addresses to anything personally
identifiable. This means that a user's session will be logged, but the user
remains anonymous to us.
Links to Other Sites
Users should be aware that when you are on iOnline Pty Ltd' sites you could
be directed to other sites that are beyond our control. These links may take you
beyond our service. For example, if you click on a banner advertisement or a similar external link, the click takes you off the iOnline Pty Ltd site. This includes links
from advertisers, sponsors, and partners that may use one of our logos
as part of a cobranding agreement. These other sites may send their own
cookies to users, collect data, or solicit personal information. Always be
aware of where you end up.
Please keep in mind that whenever you give out personal information
online -– for example, via message boards or chat -– that information can
be collected and used by people you don’t know. While iOnline Pty Ltd
strives to protect its users' personal information and privacy, we cannot
guarantee the security of any information you disclose online, and you do
so at your own risk.
About our banner ads
This site, Free-Javascripts.com, uses the services of Engage for the serving and/or targeting of ads, promotions and other marketing messages. To do this, Engage collects anonymous data through the use of cookies. To learn more about Engage, including your ability to opt out of the Engage system, go to http://www.engage.com/privacy.
HOME   |   Newest   |   Most Popular   |   Tutorials   |   Submit a Script   |   Email Us
Copyright © 1999-2020 Curiosity Cave Pty Ltd. All rights by all media reserved. All elements on this site, including page design, contents and graphics (with the obvious exception of the free Javascripts) may not be reproduced, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in whole or in part without tthe expressed written permission of Curiosity Cave Pty Ltd.