http://www.ve.com/recruitment-privacy-notice
Login
Contact us
Solutions
Find and grow your audience
Help new audiences discover your brand and drive quality traffic to your website.
Engage and convert more customers
Increase sales by engaging with your customers wherever they are, whatever they are doing.
Optimise your marketing spend
Connect the key touch-points in every customer journey and make your marketing budget work harder.
Products
Digital advertising
Digital Assistant
Remarketing
Why Ve?
Case studies
Resources
Ebooks
Blog
Recruitment Privacy Notice.
Ve Global UK Limited (“Ve” or “we”) is a technology company headquartered in the UK that provides advertising and marketing solutions. We take privacy seriously and are committed to ensuring we process your data fairly and lawfully. This Privacy Notice explains how we process personal information that we receive or collect on you.
This Privacy Notice sets out, in line with GDPR, the types of data we collect and process on you as a job applicant. It also sets out how we use this information, how long we keep it for, and other relevant information about your data.
Where we collect your data from
Ve collects and processes data:
Provided by you directly
Provided by third parties we have engaged to help us find suitable candidates (this might be a recruitment firm or head hunter)
Provided by Credit Reference Agencies to help confirm your identity
Provided by your named referees
Processing your data
As part of the lawful processing of your data, we are required to tell you the reasons we are processing your data and all of the following:
The lawful basis we rely on, which allows us to process your data
What types of data we process (within categories of personal data)
How long we process your data for (the retention period), or how we determine this period
Where we process your data
Whom we share your data with
The Purposes:
To assess your suitability for a job you have applied for
Ve collects and processes your personal data when you apply for, or we receive your application for a job with us.
For this purpose, we process some or all of the data detailed under ‘categories of personal data’.
Lawful basis
Ve relies on the lawful basis of
“Processing necessary for entering into a contract or to take steps at your request to enter into a contract.”
Retention Period
Ve retains your data for this purpose for a period of 6 months from the date of receipt of your application. We retain this information to consider you for other current or future jobs at Ve and to help us better understand, analyze and improve our recruitment processes. By exception, and to the extent that there is a legal claim, the retention period will be longer, and dictated by the circumstances at that time.
Legal Obligations placed upon Ve as an Employer
Ve is required under the following laws to collect information about your entitlement to work in the UK, as well as necessary data for ensuring we recruit staff fairly:
Equality Act 2010
Health and Safety at Work Act 1974
Employment Rights Act 1996
The Immigration, Asylum and Nationality Act 2006
For this purpose, we process some or all of the data detailed under ‘data concerning health’ and ‘data relating to your right to work in the UK’ under categories of personal data.
Lawful basis
Ve relies on a legal obligation for this purpose, and a further condition for special category data (see below).
Retention Period
We retain your data for this purpose for 6 months from the date of receipt of your application.
Categories of personal data
Your contact details
This is your name, address and contact details, including email address and telephone number.
Details of your employment history
This is information relating to previous employers, relevant work experience or other experience, dates of employment, education, qualifications and training, name, address, email and telephone numbers, general work history, or any information you provide to us as part of the interview screening process, including on your CV.
This is information about your educational and professional background from publicly available sources, including online, that you have submitted as part of your application (e.g. your LinkedIn profile).
Data concerning health
We process data about your health, for example, to understand if you have a disability and Ve needs to make reasonable adjustments for you during the recruitment process.
Data relating to your right to work in the UK
Ve processes information about your entitlement to work in the UK, for example, your passport details, identification card details, VISA details, or any other form of ID which may be suitable. This also includes details of your racial and ethnic origin and date of birth. We also process data for equal opportunities monitoring.
Special Category Condition
In addition to having a ‘Legal Obligation’ as a lawful basis to process some of your data, Ve also has to satisfy a further condition, when it is necessary to process special category data (sensitive data). This condition is in GDPR articles 9 (b) and 9 (h). The data that we may process under this category are details of your ethnicity and racial origin, as well details about your health.
“Processing is necessary for the purposes of carrying out the obligations and exercising specific rights of the controller or of the data subject in the field of employment and social security and social protection law in so far as it is authorized by Union or Member State law.”
“Processing is necessary for the assessment of the working capacity of the employee.”
Ve also processes your data under the UK DPA 2018 – schedules Schedule 1: parts 1 and schedule 1, part 2 (b), which relates to processing for employment, and the assessment of your working capacity.
Who we share your data with
Ve uses a number of service providers and categories of service providers to help us fulfil our business interests and legal obligations as an employer. Where these service providers are Controllers in their own right, we call this sharing your data. This means that when we share your data with them, they have their own purposes and obligations, and you should therefore refer to their Privacy Policy for details on how they process your data.
We share your data with the following Controllers/Service Providers:
Law enforcement or regulatory bodies, courts and public authorities when we are required to share by law
Information Commissioners Office – https://ico.org.uk/
Credit Reference and Fraud Protection Agencies to help confirm your identity – https://www.experian.co.uk/crain/index.html
The Office Group (TOG) when accessing our offices in London -https://www.theofficegroup.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Referees whom you have given us permission to contact
Ve as a group – Ve is a global company, which centrally processes data. This means that in order to ensure our business remains efficient and effective, we pool resources together to minimize our costs, and best serve our employees and clients.
Ve may share your personal information with any member of our group, the group consists of Ve Global UK Limited’s subsidiaries,
its ultimate holding company, Ve Global Limited, and Ve Global Limited’s subsidiaries, as defined in section 1159 of the UK Companies Act 2006. A list of our group companies can be found in our privacy policy.
To see more detail on who we share data with, please see our main privacy policy here https://www.ve.com/privacy-policy
Ve also relies on the transfer mechanism of the EU-US Privacy Shield when transferring data to BambooHR, who are a SaaS organization processing data on our behalf https://www.privacyshield.gov/EU-US-Framework
Where is your data processed?
The use of your personal information is governed by an intra-group agreement which relates to the transfer of personal information from the EEA to a non-EEA jurisdiction, incorporating approved EU Model Clauses.
Ve stores personal data in Microsoft Azure data centers in Europe, the US, Singapore and Russia. The transfer of personal data to Microsoft Azure data centers located outside the EEA is governed by a contract incorporating EU Model Clauses.
Your Rights
Your right of access.
If you ask us, we will confirm whether we are processing your personal information and, if so, provide you with a copy of that personal information (along with certain other details). If you require additional copies, we may need to charge you a reasonable fee.
Your right to rectification.
If the personal information we hold about you is inaccurate or incomplete, you are entitled to have it rectified. If we’ve shared your personal information with others, we will let them know about the rectification where possible. If you ask us, where possible and lawful to do so, we will also tell you who we’ve shared your personal information with so that you can contact them directly.
Your right to erasure.
You can ask us to delete or remove your personal information in some circumstances such as when we no longer need it or if you withdraw your consent (where applicable). If we’ve shared your personal information with others, we’ll let them know about the erasure where possible. If you ask us, where it is possible and lawful for us to do so, we’ll also tell you who we’ve shared your personal information with so that you can contact them directly.
The right to erasure, sometimes knows as the right to be forgotten, is not an absolute right. This means, that although we may be able to delete your personal information for a specific purpose, we may still have to process your data under a legal obligation.
The lawful basis used to process your data, is often the measure that will dictate to what extent we can delete all or some of your data.
Your right to restrict processing.
You can ask us to ‘block’ or suppress the processing of your personal information in certain circumstances such as where you contest the accuracy of that personal information or you object to us processing it, this will not however, stop us from storing your personal information. We will notify you before we lift any restriction. If we’ve shared your personal information with others, we will let them know about the restriction where it is possible for us to do so. If you ask us, where it is possible and lawful for us to do so, we’ll also tell you who we’ve shared your personal information with so that you can contact them directly.
Your right to data portability.
You have the right, in certain circumstances, to obtain personal information you’ve provided us with (presented in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format). You have the option to reuse it elsewhere or to ask us to transfer this to a third party of your choice.
Your right to object.
You can ask us to stop processing your personal information, and we will do so, if we are:
Relying on our own or someone else’s legitimate interests to process your personal information, unless we can demonstrate compelling legal grounds for the processing; or
Processing your personal information for direct marketing
Your rights in relation to automated decision-making and profiling.
You have the right not to be subject to a decision when it’s based on automatic processing, including profiling, if it produces a legal effect or similarly significantly affects you, unless such profiling is necessary for entering into, or the performance of, a contract between you and us.
Your right to withdraw consent.
If we rely on your consent (implied or explicit) as our legal basis for processing your personal information, you have the right to withdraw this consent at any time. To withdraw your consent, please email privacy@ve.com or contact your HR department.
Your right to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority.
If you have a concern about any aspect of our privacy practices, including the way we’ve handled your personal information, you can report it to the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO). You can find details about how to do this on the ICO website at https://ico.org.uk/concerns/ or by calling their helpline on 0303 123 1113.
Confidentiality and security of your personal information
We are committed to keeping your personal information secure and we will take reasonable precautions to protect your personal information from loss, misuse or alteration.
Changes to this Privacy Notice
We may make changes to this Privacy Policy from time to time.
To ensure that you are always aware of how we use your personal information we will update this Privacy Policy from time to time to reflect any changes to our use of your personal information. We may also make changes as and when required to comply with changes in applicable law or regulatory requirements. We will notify you by e-mail of any significant changes, however we also encourage you to review this Privacy Policy periodically so you are informed of how we use your personal information.
About us
Overview
Our approach
How we work
Company
Press room
News
Careers
Contact us
Find us
Community
Legal Policies
Terms
Privacy
Cookies
Privacy Transparency (Guidance only)
Recruitment Privacy Notice
Keep up to date with Ve
To receive marketing communications about our products, including exclusive insights & stats by email, enter your details to sign up.
©2020 Ve Global UK Limited - all rights reserved.
Login