http://www.asc-net.com/why-asc/privacy-policy/
Contact Sales |
(800) 950-2082 x1 | sales@asc-net.com
Contact our Sales Team
Contact Support
(800) 950-2082 x2 | support@asc-net.com Login to Customer Support
Customer Login
Client Support Center
Plan Docs & 5500
CATTS
Contact Sales | (800) 950-2082 x1
Customer Support | (800) 950-2082 x2HomeCustomer Login
Client Support CenterPlan Docs & 5500CATTS
Mobile PRODUCTS
Retirement Plan Software
Defined Contribution / 401(k)Defined BenefitGemini Web Portal
Compliance Testing
Compliance TestingASC DriveSingle Step ProcessingMoney Manager Link
Documents & Forms
Plan Documents5500 & Other FormsERISA Consulting ServicesSilver Consulting
CRM & Task Tracking
Client & Task Tracking (CATTS)PensionPal
PRODUCTS
Retirement Plan Software:Compliance Testing:Documents & Forms:CRM & Task Tracking:Solutions:Defined Contribution / 401(k)Compliance TestingPlan DocumentsClient & Task Tracking (CATTS)MEPsDefined BenefitASC Drive5500 & other FormsPensionPalCensus CollectionGemini Web PortalSingle Step ProcessingERISA Consulting ServicesCATTS Contact PageCash BalanceCompliance Contact Form (BenefitsLink Landing Page)Money Manager LinkSilver Consulting
CONTINUING EDUCATION
Live Continuing Education WebcastsRecorded Continuing Education WebcastsContinuing Education Webcast FAQ’sIRS Restatement Cycles Clarified!
SUPPORT & TRAINING
World Class Technical SupportFree Systems Training Webcasts
DEMOS
Online DemosConference Demos
NEWS & EVENTS
News & Events
ABOUT US
Message from PrincipalsFeatures and HighlightsCareersSystem RequirementsTestimonialsContact Us
HOME » Privacy PolicyASC Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order, subscribe to our newsletter, respond to a survey or fill out a form.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number or credit card information.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
• To personalize your experience
(your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
• To improve our website
(we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
• To improve customer service
(your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
• To process transactions
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
• To send periodic emails
The email address you provide for order processing, may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.
Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
How can you access/update/erase your personal information?
If you would like to access, update or erase your information, you may contact us at: privacy@asc-net.com.
We will attempt to provide the requested information or make requested changes to the extent allowable by applicable privacy or other laws. We will respond to you as soon as reasonably possible, to advise you of the outcome of your request.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your personal information.
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.
Do we use cookies?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow).
This enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.
We use cookies to compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our web site privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will update the Privacy Policy modification date below.
This policy was last modified on July 15, 2019
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
www.asc-net.com
15840 Monte Street STE 108
Sylmar CA 91342-7670
USA
privacy@asc-net.com
(818) 344-2084
Discover Why ASC is the System of Choice for Retirement Plan Professionals
CONTACT US
LEARN MORE
Products & Services
Continuing Education
Support & Training
Why ASC
Site Map
FOLLOW US
Have an ASC representative contact youfor more information or to schedule a demo:
CONTACT US
Toll Free: (800) 950-2082
Contact our Sales Team
Login to ASC Support
General Inquiries
15840 Monte Street, Suite 108Sylmar, CA 91342-7670
FOLLOW US
Copyright © 2020 |
Privacy Policy