http://www.joomlart.com/joomlart/privacy
Privacy | JoomlArt
Sidebar
×
Quick Navigation
Forums Download Pricing Demo Documentation
Site navigation
HomeTemplatesAll Templates T4 page builderT4 FrameworkJA Page BuilderExtensionsClub Info & FAQ'sSupport Forums DocumentationVideo TutorialsJoomla GlossarySupport PolicyCustom Web DevelopmentDownload BlogTips & TutorialsUpdates
JoomlArt
DesignWall
UberTheme
DesignBold
Home
Templates
All Templates
T4 page builder
Overview
Features
Website Bundles
Content Blocks
Documentation
Support
T4 Framework
JA Page Builder
Extensions
Support
Forums
Documentation
Video Tutorials
Joomla Glossary
Support Policy
Custom Web Development
Download
Blog
Demo
Login
Pricing
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy explains our privacy practices for our website
Scope
This Privacy Policy applies across all JoomlArt's Network sites listed below :
JoomlArt.com
Gavick.com
JoomlaBamboo.com
JomSocial.com
iJoomla.com
dthdevelopment.com
Introduction
JoomlArt and its network sites provides Joomla extensions - templates, modules, components, plugins and other related services under various free and paid plans.
We define the term "user" as an individual or representative of registered business who register an account with us or comes into communication with us. Any information provided by user is treated as confidential unless the communication happens on open channels such as community support forums, social channels. We acknowledge the right of users to their privacy and commit to help safeguarding the same.
Short version:
We take your privacy seriously and only basic information is required by us for processing the signup process. We do not ask or store your credit card information. We do not share member’s details with anyone, nor we run ads or other commercial activities apart from our said business from our domains.
Yes, we do send out periodic emails to members to update them on releases, new versions and policy changes.
Long version:
JoomlArt ("Joomla Art") is committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy explains our privacy practices for our website, www.JoomlArt.com on the World Wide Web (the "Site"), as well as for JoomlArt services that may be accessed through the normal use of our products (the "Services"). You can travel through most of our Site without giving us any information about yourself. But sometimes we do need information to provide services that you request. The following statement explains our information-gathering and dissemination practices. Please read the complete JoomArt Privacy Policy.
General Information
How do we collect your personal information?
What kind of information do we collect?
Information collected by 3rd party service providers
Information Collection and Use
Sharing information with 3rd parties.
If You Opt to Receive Communications, How We Will Contact You
Site Functionality
How to access and update your information
How long is personal information stored
Security of Your Information
Correcting/Updating Personal Information
General Information
JoomlArt may periodically update this Privacy Policy. If so, JoomlArt will post the updated Privacy Policy on this Site. JoomlArt encourages you to review this Privacy Policy from time to time for any changes. Incase of major changes, registered active users will be notified via email too.
By using this Site or any products or services provided through the Site, you expressly consent to the use and disclosure of information as described in this Privacy Policy. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH ANY OF THE TERMS BELOW, YOU SHOULD NOT USE THIS SITE OR THE PRODUCTS OR SERVICES OFFERED BY JOOMLART AT THIS SITE.
How do we collect your personal information
Personal information such as name, email, usernames are collected during account creation and in events of users using our contact forms, live chat support or entering any promotional event via entry forms.
What kind of information we collect
Personal details such as Name, email, username are required for creating account on our sites. Other information such as
billing address, VAT ID or phone numbers are optional and limited for generating automated invoices only. Other than usernames (unique) all personal innformation can be easily updated by users themselves by logging into userpanel. IP used for logging into our sites is also recorded.
Information collected by 3rd party service providers
From time to time we employ 3rd parties to provide various services to our site users. For example, we use intercom, crisp, mailchimp, sendgrid for communicating with our users. These services do store our users details on their system. Anonymized data is collected by analytics services such as google analytics.
Purpose of collecting information
Enable site access and provide services
Access to download area, support channels and services
For security, preventing fraud or identity theft
Fulfill our legal obligations, compliance, regulatory, audit and tax compliance
as required by law.
Provide product information on updates, support, fixes and new products releases to users.
Analytic purposes such as by monitoring traffic, usage to optimize our content / placements for better user experience.
Information Collection and Use
You may decide whether to proceed with any activity that requests personally identifiable information. If you do not wish to provide the requested information, however, you may not be able to complete the transaction. We do not collect information from individuals under the age of 13. If you are under the age of 13, we ask that you do not submit any personal information through the Site. If we have specific knowledge that an individual under the age of 13 has submitted personally identifiable information to the Site, we will delete such information permanently and without notice.
Except as described below, JoomlArt will only disclose your personally identifiable information to third parties if acting under a good faith belief that such action is necessary (1) to conform to legal requirements; (2) to protect and defend the rights or property of JoomlArt; (3) to enforce the JoomlArt Terms of Service; or (4) in the event of a merger, acquisition or sale of all or substantially all JoomlArt' assets relating to the business in connection with which the information was collected. JoomlArt collects personally identifiable information that can be divided into the following categories:
JoomlArt Product Registration Information: Some JoomlArt products ask you for certain personally identifiable information as part of the installation/registration process (including but not limited to your name, email address, credit card information and connection type and number of computers). Certain of this information is necessary in order to conclude the transaction, and for applicable products, to be eligible to receive technical support. JoomlArt keeps personally identifiable information collected in the course of installation/registration of JoomlArt' products confidential and does not sell, trade, or exchange mailing lists with any organization.
Credit Card Information: If you use a credit card to purchase products via this Site, your name as it appears on the credit card, the credit card number, expiration date and billing address will be encrypted as it passes over the Internet. JoomlArt does not record or keep your credit card information for online credit-card transactions; rather such information is simply passed through to our contracted payment processing vendor. JoomlArt may access such information through the payment processing company, but does not do so except to process refunds or adjustments and to the extent necessary in the event of nonpayment or disputed payments, or as may be necessary for JoomlArt' compliance, in JoomlArt' discretion, with applicable law.
Technical Support: If you request technical support online, we will ask you for information necessary to complete the transaction such as your name, email address and information about your computer hardware, software, and the nature of the problem you are experiencing. In the course of providing support, your data may be transmitted to service providers that are under contract to JoomlArt and have agreed to abide by the provisions of this privacy policy. Such transmissions of your data are encrypted and secure.
Sharing information with 3rd parties
We do not share or sell any user information with 3rd parties. Transfer of personal information does take place in the events of processing payments through payment gateways such as paypal / Stripe. In the absence of recurring payments such transfer of information is initiated by users.
We reserve the right to disclose personal information, activities log under legal obligations to the legal, tax authorities within the preview of the law to assist with legal claims, identity theft protections, frauds.
If You Opt to Receive Communications, How We Will Contact You
Email: With your permission, JoomlArt will send you communications, including informative emails/newsletters about product upgrades, product updates, new products, and services. These communications provide you with special offers that may be of interest to you. JoomlArt uses a third-party programs of outbound email technology to send email from our servers and does not collect information about you but does collect requests to unsubscribe.
Site Functionality
Cookies: A "cookie" is a piece of data stored on the user's hard drive containing information about the user. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on our Site. Once you close your browser, the cookie simply terminates. For instance, by setting a cookie on our Site, you would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our Site. You may still use our Site if you reject the cookie. The only drawback to this is that you will be limited in some areas of our Site. For example, you will not be able to use certain features of our forum or other parts of the Site that offer customized settings.
Log Files: We (JoomlArt and/or our contracted web analytics provider(s)) do keep track of the domains from which you access our Site and Services on the World Wide Web, and may log IP addresses or other identifiers for statistical purposes. We do this to gather broad demographic information for aggregate use to identify and analyze trends and the results ofour marketing efforts, to help diagnose problems with our servers and to administer the Site and Services, and analyze users' movements. We may periodically share aggregate demographic information with our business partners. IP addresses and other identifiers are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Links: This Site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we JoomlArt are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our Site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Site.
Newsletter: If you wish to subscribe to our newsletter, we ask for contact information such as name and email address.
Security of Your Information
All information gathered on the Site is stored and maintained in secure facilities. In addition, internal security provides that this information is coded with restricted access, and our servers are kept in a secure, locked environment that limits access to authorized personnel only. All JoomlArt employees, and all external service providers who may process and/or store customer data, are briefed about the company's privacy and security policies on a regular basis. The Site is regularly tested for security breaches to ensure that all information collected is secure from unauthorized viewing. Any service providers with whom JoomlArt contracts, and who receive, store, or process personally identifiable customer data, have committed to abide by the provisions of this privacy policy. All transmissions of personally identifiable customer data are encrypted and secure.
Updating information, delete and downloading information
Simply log into our site and proceed to profile section to update your personal information. You can remove your billing address by clearing the fields and hitting save button.
For deletion of account, you can proceed to Privacy / GDPR section and submit request. Such requests will be processed within 72 hours (excluding weekends). Please note that we will retain some of your personal information as required by law for legal, tax, fraud detection and audit purposes especially if you have entered into commercial contract by purchasing goods from our sites.
You can download xml file of your personal information from the Privacy / GDPR section of your user panel.
How long is personal information stored
JoomlArt does not retain data longer than is necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected or as required by applicable laws or regulations. Transactional information (purchase record) is stored permanently for legal, audit and tax purposes. When an delete request is made and approved, JoomlArt would remove all personal information from its all network sites, 3rd party services, newsletters or chat systems.
Correcting/Updating Personal Information
You are free to update your information at any time directly through our Site. At your request, JoomlArt will change your information; we may request evidence of your identity before doing so. In as much as your information will never be used without your explicit consent, we are not able to update the email address to which you subscribe to JoomlArt communications on your behalf.
To change your information, or request that your information be changed / deleted, please use one of the following options:
Log in at https://member.joomlart.com
Send email to us at support@joomlart.com.
Other Useful Info
Partners Terms of UsePrivacyRefund PolicyLicensesContact UsPricing
Connect with Us
We're on Social Networks. Follow us & get in touch!
Facebook
YouTube
Pinterest
Twitter
×
Newsletter
Woohoo! You're now up to date with JoomlArt!
The confirmation email has been sent to you as well! See you in the inbox!
There's something wrong. Please try to do it again. Thank you.
Monthly Newsletter
Get our awesome releases and latest updates with exclusive news and offers in your inbox.
Programs
100% Money Back Guarantee No hassles, no question asked!
T4 Page Builder The World’s leading Joomla Page Builder
Partners Terms of UsePrivacyRefund PolicyLicensesContact UsPricing
Copyright © 2005 - 2020 JoomlArt.com. All Rights Reserved.
Joomla! ® name is used under a limited license from Open Source Matters in the United States and other countries.
JoomlArt.com is not affiliated with or endorsed by Open Source Matters or the Joomla! Project.
Powered by T3 Framework
Search
Filter by type:
All
Document
Blog
Forum
Product
In site:
All
JoomlArt
Search on forum
JA Prizes, Gifts & SOTM Competition
Archive News
Customer Testimonials
Pre-Sales Questions
Official JoomlArt Website - Feedback/Information
SOTM Competition & Member Showcase
Request and Wishlist
News and Announcements
JA Conf
JA Shoe
JA Allure
JA Focus
JA Law Firm
JA Small Biz
JA Mood
JA Company
JA Alumni
JA Oslo
JA Brickstore
JA Restaurant
JA Intranet
JA Megastore
JA Resume
JA Healthcare
JA Moviemax
JA Elicyon
JA Playstore
JA Platon
JA Mono
JA Magz II
JA Events II
JA Social II
JA Rent
JA Techzone
JA Directory
JA Charity
JA Cagox
JA Hotel
JA Teline V
JA Jason
Uber
JA Nuevo
JA Playmag
JA Medicare
JA Sugite
JA Decor
JA Biz
JA Bookshop
JA Appolio
JA Obelisk
JA Magz
JA Muzic
JA Fixel
JA Beranis
JA Smashboard
JA Hawkstore
JA Fubix
JA Argo
JA Mitius
JA Onepage
JA Mero
JA Brisk
JA Mixmaz
JA University
JA Vintas
JA Zite
JA Mendozite
JA Lens
JA Wall
JA Puresite
JA Orisite
JA Mers
JA Elastica
JA Nex
JA Kranos
JA Tiris
JA Erio
JA Blazes
JA Ironis
JA Bistro
JA Travel
JA Minisite
JA Graphite
JA Methys
JA Business
JA Cloris
JA Events
JA Rave
JA Teline III
JA Portfolio
JA Social
JA Community Plus
JA Teline IV
JA Droid
JA Anion
JA Pyro
JA Norite
JA Ores
JA Lime
JA Zeolite II
JA Mesolite II
JA Rasite
JA Urani
JA Seleni
JA Kyanite I
JA Kyanite II
JA Halite
JA Mona
JA Raite
JA Lead
JA Sulfur
JA Beryl
JA Mica
JA Topaz
JA Tube
JA Ruby
JA Nickel
JA Opal
JA Cooper
JA Quartz
JA Zeolite
JA ZinC
JA Vauxite
JA Uvite
JA Trona
JA Sanidine & JA Sanidine II
JA Rutile
JA Pyrite
JA Olivine
JA Nagya
JA Mesolite
JA Labra
JA Kulanite
JA Iolite
JA Helio
JoomlArt Tutorials
JA Galena
JA Teline II
JA Fedora
JA Edenite
JA Dravity
JA Corona
JA Barite
Other Templates
JA Avian & JA Avian II
JA Drimia
JA Erica
JA Fagus
JA Genista
JA Hedera
JA Iris
JA Justicia
JA Koniga
JA Larix
JA Mageia
JA Nerine
JA Olyra
JA Pariiti
JA Quillaja
JA Rochea
JA Senecio
JA Teline
JA Utahia & JA Utahia II
JA Villadi
JA Wistery
JA Xenia & JA Xenia II
JA Zebrina
JA Bellatrix
JA Antares
JA Sargas
JA Pollux
JA Kruger
JA Zibal
JA Polaris
JA Avior and JA Avior Extra
JA Regulus and Regulus Extra
JA Shopping II
JA Spica
JA Pluto Dark & Bright
JA Altair
JA Hadar
JA Rigel
JA Archenar
JA Procyon
JA Capella I & II
MBT Templates
JA Vega
JA Megafilter Component
JA Google Analytics for Joomla
JA Google Storage Component
JA Social Locker module
JA Content Popup Module
JA SideNews Module
JA Disqus Debate Plugin
JA Quick Contact Module
JA Twitter Module
JA Masshead Module
JA Content Slider Module
JA Accordion Module
JA Newspro Module
JA Popup plugin
JA Social Feed Plugin
JA Newsticker Module
JA Thumbnail Plugin
JA Facebook Likebox Module
JA K2 Filter Component
JA Amazon S3 Component
JA Comment Component
JA Bookmark Plugin
JA Google Map Plugin
JA Voice
JA SlideShow
JA News Module
JA Tabs
JA Builder
JA Simpli
JA Halloween Game Module
JA K2 Data Migration plugin
JA Demo Builder
Purity III
JA Google Charts Module
JA Promo Bar Module
JA Image Hotspot Module
JA Multilingual Component
T3 Framework
JAT3 2.0 for Joomla 2.5
JAT3 2.0 for Joomla 1.5
JAEM Component
Site Management - SEO - Promotion
JA Purity II
JA Purity
Extensions
Share J! - Public Chat
General Questions
JA Jobboard - Solved Issues
JA Jobboard - Guides, tutorials and tips
JA Admin
Posts navigation