http://www.mti.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
PRIVACY POLICYSarah Noonan2019-01-03T11:44:31+00:00
Privacy PolicyMTI Technology is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Privacy Policy applies to the MTI Technology Web site and governs data collection and usage. By using the MTI Technology website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Cookie PolicyThe MTI Technology Web site uses “cookies” to help you personalise your online experience. By continuing to use our Web site you agree to our use of cookies.
A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. They are widely used in order to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the site.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalise MTI Technology pages, or register with MTI Technology site or services, a cookie helps MTI Technology to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. When you return to the MTI Technology Web site, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the MTI Technology features that you customised.
Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a Web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies in your Web browser, however most Web browsers automatically accept cookies. You can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the MTI Technology or Web sites you visit.
You may delete and block all cookies from this site, but you may not be able to access all or parts of our Web site.
To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit www.allaboutcookies.org.
Important information and who we areWe are MTI Technology Limited, a company registered in Scotland under company number SC112019, whose registered office is at Saltire Court, 20 Castle Terrace, Edinburgh, EH1 2EG, Scotland.
This Privacy Policy will inform you as to how we look after your data when you visit our Web site and tell you about your privacy rights and how the law protects you.
MTI Technology is both a data controller and a data processor. We decide what personal information is needed, and how it should be processed. We carry out processing activities as part of our business operations.
Personal information we collect about youTo sell product and services, MTI Technology collects personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address or telephone number.
MTI Technology also collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favourites.
When MTI Technology collect personal information for marketing purposes, we will always ask you to opt-in to one or more marketing channels. There will always be an option to opt-out or unsubscribe.
There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by MTI Technology that we refer to as behavioural data. This information can include your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring Web site addresses. This data is used to deliver customised content and advertising within MTI Technology to customers whose behaviour indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
Our marketing team may collect your personal information from a small number of telemarketing agencies. We have contracts with these agencies which impose strict requirements to keep your information confidential and secure. Your personal information will only be provided to us with your consent.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through MTI Technology public message boards, this information may be collected and used by others. Note: MTI Technology does not read any of your private online communications.
Use of your personal informationMTI Technology collects and uses your personal information to operate the MTI Technology Web site and deliver the services you have requested. MTI Technology also uses your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from MTI Technology and its affiliates.
MTI Technology may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
MTI Technology does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. MTI Technology may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party.
In addition, MTI Technology may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to MTI Technology, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
MTI Technology does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
MTI Technology keeps track of the Web sites and pages our customers visit within MTI Technology, in order to determine what MTI Technology services are the most popular. This information is used by MTI Technology for the operation of the service, to maintain the quality of service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the MTI Technology Web site.
MTI Technology Web sites will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on MTI Technology or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of MTI Technology; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of MTI Technology or the public.
Legal reasons for processing of your personal informationMTI Technology will only use your personal information when the law allows us to. Most commonly, we will use your personal information in the following circumstances:
Where MTI Technology need to perform the contract we are about to enter into or have entered into with you;
Where it is necessary for MTI Technology’s legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests; and
Where MTI Technology need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation.
Protecting your informationThere is an element of risk involved with sending information via the Internet. We urge you to take appropriate precautions to protect your personal information when accessing on-line resources. Ensuring your operating system and Internet browser are updated with relevant security patches, and the use of other security products can help reduce this risk.
Security of your personal informationMTI Technology secures your personal information from unauthorised access, use or disclosure. MTI Technology secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorised access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other Web sites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know. They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.
Your Legal RightsUnder certain circumstances, you have rights under data protection laws in relation to your personal information, and MTI Technology wants to ensure you remain in control of your personal information and make sure you understand your legal rights, which are as follows:
The right to be informed how personal information is processed;
The right to access your personal information;
The right to rectification of any errors in the personal information we hold;
The right to erasure;
The right to restrict processing;
The right to data portability;
The right to object; and
Rights in relation to automated decision making and profiling.
International Transfers MTI Technology does not transfer your personal information outside the European Economic Area (EEA) and any IT systems that store your information are based in the UK or the EEA. If we need to transfer your personal data to countries outside the European Economic Area, we will ensure that such transfers are compliant with the GDPR.
Retention of your personal informationMTI Technology will only retain your personal information for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal information, MTI Technology consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal information, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal information, the purposes for which we process your personal information whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
Third party sitesThis Privacy Policy does not cover other Web sites linked-to from the MTI Web site.
MTI’s Web site may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins and applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their Privacy Policy. When you leave our website, we encourage you to read the privacy policy of every website you visit.
Questions regarding this PolicyQuestions regarding this Privacy Policy should be directed to info@mti.com or by post to:
Chief Operating Officer
MTI Technology
Mill Pool House
Mill Lane
Godalming
GU7 1EY
UK
Changes to this statementMTI Technology will occasionally update this Privacy Policy to reflect company and customer feedback. MTI Technology encourages you to periodically review this Privacy Policy to be informed of how MTI Technology is protecting your information.
Contact InformationMTI Technology welcomes your comments regarding this Privacy Policy. If you believe that MTI Technology has not adhered to this Policy, please contact MTI Technology on + 44 1483 520 500. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem.
Alternatively, if you feel that MTI Technology is acting unfairly or illegally, you can lodge a complaint with the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO), whose address list listed below.
ICO
Wycliffe House
Water Lane
Wilmslow
Cheshire
SK9 5AF
Tel. 0303 123 1113 or 01625 545745
https://ico.org.uk
In order to optimise our website and to ensure continuous improvements, this website uses cookies. By using this website, you agree to the use of cookies. You will find further information in the cookie policy. More info.Okay, thank you
Go to Top