http://www.tutorialspoint.com/about/about_terms_of_use.htm
About Tutorialspoint
Company
Team
Careers
Privacy Policy
Cookies Policy
Terms of Use
Refund Policy
More Links
Write for us
FAQ
Helping
Contact
Selected Reading
UPSC IAS Exams Notes
Developer's Best Practices
Questions and Answers
Effective Resume Writing
HR Interview Questions
Computer Glossary
Who is Who
Terms of Use
The following terms of use will govern the use of this website tutorialspoint.com and all its sub-sites and micro-sites.
The domain name www.tutorialspoint.com (hereinafter referred to as "Website") and its Mobile Apps are owned by Tutorials Point India Limited bearing CIN No. (U80904AP2014PLC094598), a company incorporated under the Companies Act, 2013 with its registered office situated at Hyderabad City - 500081, Telangana, India. (hereinafter referred to as "Tutorials Point" or Company). Tutorials Point is a leading Edu-tech Company that provides online courses in the form of text, videos and pdf along with the options for instructors and publishers to sell their video courses and eBooks (pdfs) though our Website and Mobile Application.
Extent of the Terms of Use
These Terms & Conditions (“Terms”) are set between Tutorials Point India Limited (“Company/We/Us/Our”) and its users (“User/You/Your/Students/Instructors/Publishers”) and will govern the use of the Website, our Mobile Apps (“App/Mobile App/Application”), or any products or services including Audio, Video, eBooks,
Images and Textual Content through a Computer, Mobile App, Online Streaming, SD cards, tablets or other storage/transmitting devices (“Product(s)/Service(s)/Products & Services”).
An Instructor or a Publisher is an individual or a company hosting video courses or eBooks on our website and selling them to our website users based on our revenue sharing clause as expressed in Revenue Sharing for Published Content.
These Terms constitute an electronic record in accordance with the provisions of the Information Technology Act, 2000 and the Information Technology (Intermediaries guidelines) Rules, 2011 thereunder and further rules there under as applicable and amended provisions pertaining to electronic records in various statutes as amended time to time.
As a user of our Products & Services, you must agree to have read the terms mentioned henceforth.
Privacy
Any personal information submitted in connection with your use of the products or the site is subject to our Privacy Policy, located at Privacy Policy.
General
Our products enable the users to learn via live and recorded instruction, tutoring, and learning services through our proprietary software, mobile applications and website. The services include, without limitation, facilitating and hosting & selling courses in video and text formats, hosting and selling eBooks and taking feedback from users.
The company holds the right to modify or upgrade its products at any time. If you are at any time dissatisfied with our products, then your sole remedy is to discontinue the use of the products.
As a registered user of the website, you agree that we may notify you through email regarding security, privacy, and administrative issues relating to your use of our products.
If you publish a course on our platform, you must agree to the terms mentioned under Instructor Obligations.
The company reserves the absolute right to revise these terms in its sole discretion at any time and without prior notice to you other than by posting the revised terms on the site. Any revisions to the terms are effective upon posting. The terms will be identified as of the most recent date of revision. You should visit this page regularly to ensure your continued acceptance of these terms. Your continued use of the company products after any revision to these terms constitutes your binding acceptance of the revised terms. Notwithstanding the preceding sentences of this section, no revisions to these terms will apply to any dispute between you and the company that arose prior to the date of such revision.
Registration
You will need to register with us and obtain an account, username, and password for most activities on our platform, including to purchase and enroll in a course or to submit a course for publication. The information you provide at the time of registration help us in hosting your content, offering the content, customer service, and network management. You are solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account, username, and password. You further understand that you are completely responsible for all activities associated with your account.
You warrant that your account related information will be accurate, current, and complete at all times. If we believe that such information is untrue, inaccurate, not current, incomplete, or misleading, then we reserve the right to suspend or terminate your account and restrict any and all current or future use of our products and services, without any liability to you.
You must notify us immediately of any unauthorized use of your account and any other breach of security. We cannot be held responsible for any loss or damage arising out of your failure or negligence to comply with the requirements stated in this agreement, either with or without your knowledge, prior to your notifying us of unauthorized access to your account.
You may not use anyone else's account at any time or transfer your account to someone else without the permission of the account holder. If you have authorized another individual, including a minor, to use your account, you understand under such circumstances, you are completely responsible for the online conduct of such user and the consequences of any misuse.
User Submitted Contents
We cannot guarantee the accuracy, reliability, or validity of the video courses, eBooks, review comments, feedback and discussions posted on the website, as we do not control the submitted contents. By using the site, you may come across posts or comments which you may consider objectionable. You herby agree that the company is not accountable for your access or use of any such content.
The site is a forum for instructors, publishers and users. We are not liable for any disputes, claims, losses, injuries, or damage of any kind that might arise out of or relate to conduct of instructors, publishers or users, including, but not limited to, any user's reliance upon any information provided by an instructor.
Course Enrollment and Lifetime Access
As a student, when you enroll in a course, whether it’s a free or a paid course, you are getting from Tutorials Point a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable license to view the course via the Tutorials Point platform and Services, and Tutorials Point is the licensor of record. Courses are licensed, and not sold, to you. This license does not give you any right to resell the course in any manner (including by sharing account information with a purchaser or illegally downloading the course and sharing it on torrent sites).
Though we give a lifetime access license to our students when they enroll in a course, we reserve the right to revoke any license to access and use courses at any point in time in the event where we decide or are obligated to disable access to a course due to legal or policy reasons. The lifetime access is not applicable to add-on features and services associated with a course.
Instructors may not grant licenses to their courses to student directly and any such direct license shall be considered null and void and a violation of these Terms.
Conduct
You agree to use our products and services for lawful purposes only. You are solely responsible for the knowledge of and adherence to all laws, rules, and regulations pertaining to your use of the products. You agree not to use our content or products to recruit, solicit, or contact in any form instructors or potential users for employment or contracting for a business not affiliated with us without our advance written permission, which may be withheld in our sole discretion. You assume all risks from any meetings or contact between you and any instructors or other users of the products.
User Obligations
You have read, understood, and agree to be bound by the pricing information before using the site or registering for a course.
You are not allowed to translate, republish, or print the content of this website without a written permission from the company.
You are not allowed to copy, print and distribute eBooks (pdfs) for any purpose other than for personal use. You are not allowed to make copies, display and share with individuals or organizations, in lieu of payment or for free.
You are not allowed to copy and distribute video courses for any purpose other than for personal use. You are not allowed to make copies, display and share with individuals or organizations, in lieu of payment or for free.
You will not use this website to upload any video of text course, tutorial, diagrams, graphics, logos, trademarks, or any other copyrighted contents belonging to any third party.
You will not use contents or a portion of contents of this website for any unethical, unlawful purpose, to promote segregation depending upon gender, age, race, religion, nationality or disability of a person, to defame a person or to violate a person’s right to privacy.
You will not upload, post or otherwise transmit any unsolicited advertising, promotional materials, junk mail, spam, or any other form of solicitation through the site.
You will not post any inappropriate, offensive, racist, hateful, sexist, pornographic, false, misleading, infringing, defamatory or libelous content.
You will not disclose any personal information to an instructor, and you will not solicit personal information from any instructor.
You agree to pay the fees for courses that you purchase, and you authorize us to charge your debit or credit card or process other means of payment (such as Boleto, SEPA, direct debit, Paypal, CCAvenue or mobile wallet) for those fees.
When you make a purchase, you agree not to use an invalid or unauthorized payment method. If your payment method fails and you still get access to the course you are enrolling in, you agree to pay us the corresponding fees within thirty (30) days of notification from us. We reserve the right to disable access to any course for which we have not received adequate payments.
If you are under the age of 18, you have obtained parental or legal guardian consent before using the site or registering for a course.
Instructor Obligations
If you have registered with us as an instructor to publish a course or other content (“Submitted Content”), then you MUST understand that:
You grant Tutorials Point the rights to sale, market, and sublicense your Submitted Content directly through our website to students who enroll in the course.
Your registration with us is subject to the company’s approval, which we may grant or deny in our sole discretion.
You will be responsible for all your submitted content, and that you own or have the necessary permissions to use such content, and that you have the authority to authorize the company to reproduce and distribute your submitted content through our website as described in this document.
You agree that no submitted content shall infringe or misappropriate any intellectual property right of a third party.
You own the copyright of all the content that is provided to the company for publishing. But by posting courses and other content, you allow us to reuse and share it but you do not lose any ownership rights you may have over your content.
You reserve the right to upload/sell the courses through any other company/platform without any restrictions.
You reserve the right to disable any or all Submitted Content that you have previously licensed to the Company, at any time . Once informed of such a decision, the Company will have 30 days to disable the Submitted Content at the backend and cease its publication on the website. Except as otherwise agreed, our right to sublicense the rights in this section will terminate with respect to new users 30 days after the Submitted Content's removal. However, the rights given to students before the submitted content’s removal will continue to exist and such students will still have access to the content in order to uphold the lifetime access guarantee provided to the enrolled students.
Company may obtain course contents from the Instructor/Publisher through Google Drive or Dropbox or any other mode the Instructor is comfortable with if the Instructor does not wish to upload the courses himself/herself through our Services.
Company holds the right to publish your Submitted Material or discard it, based on its suitability and our internal review. If we find your Submitted Material suitable for our students, then your course will be published and it will be available for sell on our Website.
You have the required qualifications, credentials and expertise, including without limitation, education, training, knowledge, and skill sets, to teach and offer the services you offer through our website and its products.
You will not post any inappropriate, offensive, racist, hateful, sexist, pornographic, false, misleading, infringing, defamatory or libelous content.
You will not use our products and services for any business other than for providing teaching and instructional services to users of the site.
You will not engage in any activity that will require us to obtain any licenses from or pay any royalties to any third party.
You will not copy, modify or distribute the content published on this website except as permitted in this agreement.
You will maintain your enrollment and account information, and all such enrollment and account information shall be accurate.
You will respond promptly to users seeking your services and ensure a quality of service as agreed upon in this agreement.
You are over the age of 18 or if not, a legal guardian has agreed to the terms of this agreement and will assume responsibility for your performance and compliance hereunder.
Return, Refund, & Cancellation Policy
Please check our Return, Refund, & Cancellation Policy
Revenue Sharing and Payments
When an instructor or a publisher hosts a course or an eBook on our website and we sell that course or eBook to our students, the revenue generated by the paid courses will have 45% revenue share for the company and the remaining 55% revenue will be shared with the instructor or the publisher.
If a student purchases a course or an eBook in India, then it requires us to remit sales taxes, good and service tax (GST), or other similar transaction taxes ("Transaction Taxes"), under applicable law, we will collect and remit those Transaction Taxes to the competent tax authorities for those sales. If the student purchases the course from outside India through Paypal, GST is not applicable, but paypal gateway charges would be applicable.
When a student purchases a course, we calculate the gross amount of the sale as the amount actually received by Tutorials Point from the student ("Sale Amount"). From this, the applicable taxes and payment gateway transaction charges are deducted to calculate the net amount of the sale ("Net Amount").
If we make a sell through our any of our affiliates, we calculate the gross amount of the sale as the amount actually received by Tutorials Point from the student ("Sale Amount"). From this, the applicable affiliate commission, taxes and payment gateway transaction charges are deducted to calculate the net amount of the sale ("Net Amount").
Your revenue share will be 55% of the Net Amount.
Tutor or Publisher residing in India will have to furnish PAN card details for TDS deduction of 10% as per government norms. For Tutor or Publisher based outside India, TDS will not be deducted from your revenue share.
We process the payments in the first week of every month. Any sell becomes mature after its 30 days guarantee period is over. Once a sell is matured, we credit the payments of that sell in the first week of the subsequent month. We reserve the right not to pay out funds in the event of identified fraud, violations of intellectual property rights, or other violations of the law.
We have the following two methods to remit your payments based on your locality:
If you are an instructor/publisher residing in India, we remit your payments directly in your bank account through online bank transaction. To process your payments, we will require your bank account details such as account number, account holder’s name, bank name, branch name, and IFSC code.
For instructors/publishers who reside outside India, we disburse the payments in U.S. dollars (USD), through PayPal, regardless of the currency with which the sale was made. You must own a PayPal account and keep us informed of the correct email associated with your account, in order for us to release your payments in a timely manner. We will assume transaction processing fees excluding foreign currency conversion fees. Your revenue report will show the sales price in Indian Rupees (INR) and your converted revenue amount in US Dollar (USD).
If required by the government agencies, we may demand any tax or other related documents from you. We reserve the right to withhold payments or impose other penalties if we do not receive proper identifying information or any other related documentation from you.
You understand and agree that you are ultimately responsible for any applicable taxes on your income to your local authorities.
All transaction details pertaining to the sales of the courses and eBooks that the Instructor/Publisher owns, and uploads will be provided inside user account.
When creating a course on our website, you will be prompted to set a price for your course and how much discount you want to offer. You may alternatively choose to offer your course for free. Company holds the right to revise the price if you opt to include your course for promotional activities.
You acknowledge and agree that students have the right to receive a refund. Instructors/Publishers will not receive any revenue from transactions for which a refund has been granted under this Terms of Use.
If we make any change in our Revenue Sharing and Payments policy, we will inform you the same through email or posting a notice through our Services and provide you 30 days’ notice.
Third-Party Advertisements
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. These companies may use aggregated information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.
We do not guarantee correctness, viability, validity and availability of information displayed on our website in the form of advertisements. We do not guarantee merchantability or fitness of the advertised information for any particular purpose.
We declare the advertisers and their clients or allied partners are neither our agents, nor partners. We do not provide guarantee for any published information on behalf of any of the advertisers and their clients or allied partners.
If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, please see: http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp
Liabilities
We are not liable to any user for:
Any loss or damages of any kind, as a result of using our products and services or other information provided on the website.
Special, direct, incidental, punitive, exemplary or consequential damages of any kind whatsoever in any way due, as a result of using or inability for using the website or its contents.
Any third party websites or contents therein directly or indirectly accessed through links in the Site, including but not limited to any errors in or omissions.
The unavailability of our website continuously or for any period of time.
Connectivity and Equipment Costs
If you avail our services as an Instructor, publisher or a registered user, then you are solely responsible to bear any costs arising out of the equipment required for providing or accessing such services. You are solely responsible for all costs related to connectivity and data access, and/or other fees and costs associated with your access to and use of the Company Products, including, but not limited to, any data charges imposed by a wireless carrier or Internet Service Provider, and for obtaining and maintaining all telephone, computer hardware, and other equipment required for such access and use.
Indemnification
As a user of this website, you agree to protect and fully compensate us and our associates, namely, service providers and technology partners, from any and all third party claims, liabilities, damages, expenses and costs, including, but not limited to, all legal expenses, arising from your misuse of our services.
Relationship Between Us
You and we agree that no joint venture, partnership, employment, contractor, or agency relationship exists between us.
Instructors/Publishers don't have a direct contractual relationship with students, so the only information you'll receive about students is what is provided to you through the Services. You agree that you will not use the data you receive for any purpose other than providing your services to those students on our platform. You will indemnify Tutorials Point against any claims arising from your use of students' personal data.
Copyright and Trademarks
The web pages, tutorials, code snippets, graphics, diagrams, artwork and study material (referred to as "contents") are the copyrighted property of Tutorials Point India Limited unless you have uploaded/hosted it yourself. It is strictly prohibited to retain, reuse, reproduce or publish the contents or a portion of contents in any format, without our written consent.
We use various third party logos or trademarks in our products like Tutorials Library, and Coding Ground and other hosted courses. These logos and trademarks have been taken from various technology inventors GNU, Oracle, Microsoft, SAP, IBM, Google etc. We strongly state that such logos and trademarks have no relation with Tutorials Point and they are property of their respective owners and they hold their copyrights.
Claims of Infringement
If you find your work has been duplicated in any hosted course, text tutorials, shared tutorials, white papers or any other part of the website and you believe it constitutes copyright infringement, or your intellectual property rights are violated, please bring it to our notice us to claim for copyright or other intellectual property infringement. Kindly fill a notifying form at Contact Us Form. You can claim for the infringement by producing valid and correct proofs of your work.
Warranty Disclaimer
You understand that while using the resources of this website or participating in a course, you may be exposed to content from a variety of sources, and that we are not to be held responsible for the accuracy, quality, legality, or usefulness of such content.
We strive continuously to provide as precisely and as timely contents as possible, however, we do not guarantee the accuracy, completeness, correctness, timeliness, validity, nonobsolescence, non-infringement, non-omission, merchantability or fitness of the contents of this website for any particular purpose.
You further acknowledge that while using our services, you may be exposed to products, content or materials that are inaccurate, offensive, indecent, or objectionable, and you agree to indemnify us against any legal or equitable rights or remedies you may have against the company with respect thereto.
To the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, company and its affiliates, partners, licensors, and suppliers hereby disclaim all express, implied, and statutory warranties of any kind, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement. No information, oral or written, obtained by you from company, an employee or representative of company or through the services will create any warranty not expressly stated herein.
We do not warrant that our services or any part thereof including any content or products offered through our services will be uninterrupted, or free of errors, viruses or other harmful components and do not warrant that any of the foregoing will be corrected. You understand and agree that you use, access, download, or otherwise obtain information, materials, or data through the company products, any associated sites or applications, and any third party sites at your own discretion and that you will be solely responsible for any damage to your computer system used in connection with the company products or loss of data that results from the download or use of such material or data.
We are not responsible, if the information contained in a material is altered, removed or deleted, after its complete or partial downloading by the user. Any material downloaded or referred shall be at the risk of the user.
Modification of Services
We may modify the features, pricing, and other aspects of our products and services at our discretion and these terms will continue to apply for the modified products and services. You further understand that we reserve the right to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, our products and services (or any part thereof) with or without notice. You agree that we will not be liable to you or to any third party for any such modification including suspension or discontinuance of all or any portion of our products or services.
Termination of Agreement
We may at our discretion terminate your use of our products and services immediately without notice for any breach of these terms or any of our applicable policies, as posted on the site from time to time. We may discontinue offering a product or service at any time which will terminate your right to access our resources.
You are within your rights, unless you are an instructor, to terminate your use of our products and services at any time, either by not visiting our site, or by contacting us at contact@tutorialspoint.com.
If you have registered with us as an instructor and have users enrolled in your course(s), then it becomes your obligation to complete all the stipulated sessions and notify us through email before terminating this agreement.
We reserve the right to remove courses and suspend payouts to instructors/publishers at any time, without prior notice, as determined by Tutorials Point in its sole discretion, in cases where an instructor/publisher or a course receives feedbacks consistently below our quality standards. You understand that we hold the right to ban an instructor or a publisher from hosting courses on our Website and terminate this agreement in case of any non-compliance with our policies or legal terms (including the Terms of Use).
Upon termination, we have no obligation to retain any of your account or submitted content for any period of time beyond what may be required by applicable law.
Legal Jurisdiction
The laws of the Republic of India shall govern any dispute arising from the use of this website, its products, and services; and the courts in Hyderabad, India, alone shall have exclusive jurisdiction to deal with such matters.
Miscellaneous
Entire Agreement : These terms and any policies applicable to you posted on the site constitute the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, and supersede all previous written or oral agreements between the parties with respect to such subject matter. These terms shall inure to our benefit and to the benefit of our agents, licensors, licensees, and successors.
Severability : If any provision of these terms is found to be illegal, void or unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from these terms and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions of these terms.
Waiver : A provision of these terms may be waived only by a written instrument executed by the party entitled to the benefit of such provision. The failure of company to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these terms will not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.
Notice : Any notice or other communication to be given hereunder will be in writing and given by facsimile, postpaid registered or certified mail return receipt requested, or electronic mail.
No Agency : Nothing in these terms shall be construed as making either party the partner, joint venture, agent, legal representative, employer, contractor or employee of the other. Neither the company nor any other party to this agreement shall have, or hold itself out to any third party as having, any authority to make any statements, representations or commitments of any kind, or to take any action that shall be binding on the other except as provided for herein or authorized in writing by the party to be bound.
Updating These Terms
From time to time, we may update these Terms to clarify our practices or to reflect new or different practices (such as when we add new features), and Tutorials Point reserves the right in its sole discretion to modify and/or make changes to these Terms at any time.
Your continued use of our Services after changes become effective shall mean that you accept those changes. Any revised Terms shall supersede all previous Terms.
Last udpated on 16th Sep 2019, 8:15pm IST
Previous Page
Print Page
Next Page
Advertisements
Print
Add Notes
Bookmark this page
Report Error
Suggestions
Save
Close
Dashboard
Logout