https://www.spam-filter.com/privacy.htm
Tech Support - (800) 966-6047                     home      	 free trial
login
support
Control Panel Login
Services
Spam Filtering
Add-On Services
Mail-Viewer
Outbound Relay
Mega Mail
TLS Encryption
Quarantines
Pricing / Features
Help
FAQ's
Testimonials
Blog
Spam News
Resellers
Online Privacy Statement
The policy of Spam-Filter.com is to respect the privacy of all web site visitors to the extent permitted by law. This online privacy statement is intended to inform you of the ways in which this web site collects information, the uses to which that information will be put, and the ways in which we will protect any information you choose to provide us.
There are three types of information that this site may collect during your visit: network traffic logs, web visit logs, and information voluntarily provided by you.
Network Traffic Logs:
In the course of ensuring network security and consistent service for all users, Spam-Filter.com employs software programs to do such things as monitor network traffic, identify unauthorized
access or access to nonpublic information, detect computer viruses and other software that might damage the Spam-Filter.com network and computer systems, and monitor the performance of the Spam-Filter.com network. In the course of such monitoring, these programs may detect such information as e-mail headers, addresses from network packets, and other information. Information from these activities is used only for the purpose of maintaining the security and performance of the Spam-Filter.com network and computer systems. Personally identifiable information from these activities is not released to external parties without your consent unless required by law.
Web Visit Logs:
Spam-Filter.com web sites routinely collect and store information from online visitors to help
manage those sites and improve service. This information includes the pages visited on the site, the date and time of the visit, the internet address (URL or IP address) of the referring site, the domain name and IP address from which the access occurred, the version of browser used, the capabilities of the browser, and search terms used on our search engines. This site makes no attempt to identify individual visitors from this information: any personally identifiable information is not released to external parties without your consent unless required by law.
Information Voluntarily Provided by You:
In the course of using this web site, you may choose to provide us with information to help us serve your needs. For example, you may send us electronic mail (through a mailer or a web form) to request information, or you may send us your address so we may send you an application or other material. Any personally identifiable information you send us will be used only for the purpose
indicated. Requests for information will be directed to the appropriate staff to respond to the request, and may be recorded to help us update our site to better respond to similar requests. We will not sell, exchange or otherwise distribute your personally identifiable information without your consent, except to the extent required by law. We do not retain the information longer than necessary for normal operations. Each web page requesting information discloses the purpose of that information. If you do not wish to have the information used in that manner, you are not required to provide it. Please contact the person listed on the specific page, or listed below, with questions or concerns on the use of personally identifiable information.
Spam-Filter.com web sites provide links to other World Wide Web sites or resources. We do not control these sites and resources, do not endorse them, and are not responsible for their availability, content, or delivery of services. In particular, external sites are not bound by the Spam-Filter.com online privacy policy; they may have their own policies or none at all. Often you can tell you are leaving an Spam-Filter.com web site by noting the URL of the destination site.
Home |
Support |
Login |
Contact |
Free Trial |
Pricing |
Services |
Blog
FAQ |
Testimonials |
Spam News |
Privacy |
Terms |
About Us |
Resellers
Spam-Filter.com™
Copyright  © 1999 -
Provided by Peer-to-Peer LLC