http://www.e-fense.com/privacy-policy.php
About Us |helix3 | Recent News | Contact Us
home
products
training
support
clients
store
e-fense home » Privacy Policy
Privacy Policies
Copyright Notice
All content provided on this Web site,
including but not limited to button icons, formatting, graphics,images,
logos, text, scripts, code, and software is the copyright of e-fense,
Inc. and is protected by applicable U.S. and international copyright
laws. The content on this Web site may be printed for personal use only.
Any other use--including display, distribution, modification, republication,
reproduction, or transmission--of the content on this Web site is strictly prohibited.
Copyright (c) 2000-2011 e-fense, Inc. All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy
e-fense, Inc. knows how important your information is and knows you care about how it is used and shared, and we appreciate your trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly. This document describes our privacy policy. By visiting the e-fense, Inc. website, including all subdomains you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Notice.
Our Commitment To Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. We do not share any information outside of e-fense, Inc..
Note that we are not responsible for the content or the privacy policies for web sites to which we may link to.
Information We Collect
We collect information submitted by you for the purposes of purchasing e-fense, Inc. products, registering to use our support forums, or to receive our newsletter or direct e-mail from us.
In most cases, we only only require your name and e-mail address. In the case of a purchase, we collect your address as well and we do not store any of your credit card or bank account information, but pass it directly to the payment service for the purpose of completing the transaction. We keep records of your purchase for the purpose of receipt and licensing information. Our web servers collect information that identify your IP address, browser information, operating system, and other non-personal information.
How we use Information
Information is used internally within e-fense, Inc. for the purposes of supporting and promoting e-fense, Inc. products to you.
For those that opt-in, we e-mail a newsletter with information about e-fense, Inc. products and services. We do not share your name or e-mail address with other parties. When collecting address and payment information from you, it is only shared with other parties for the purposes of processing payments generated by you in our web store. We only retain the information necessary to track your transaction and retain payment information only for the purpose of supporting your order, such as resending lost license keys, issuing refunds, and filing tax returns.
Occasionally we may obtain special deals from other companies and notify or promote them to our current customers and newsletter subscribers. However, your information will never be sold; communications will be initiated by e-fense, Inc. and not outside parties.
Cookies
Cookies are used to provide additional features as well as to help us improve the web site and user experience. For example, the forum software uses cookies to track when you last visited to provide additional features such as displaying
new messages since your last visit, as well as the ability to keep you logged in, if desired. We also use Google Analytics to see how our sites are being used. No personal information is provided to Google; instead usage statistics are collected to see how our sites are used and to gain insight on how we can improve them.
Conditions of Use, Notices, and Revisions
If you choose to visit the e-fense, Inc. web site, your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Notice. If you have any concern about privacy of e-fense, Inc. sites or products, please contact us with a thorough description, and we will try to resolve it.
Our business changes constantly, and our Privacy Notice and the Terms and Conditions of Use will change also. We may e-mail
notices of changes to the policies, unless you have instructed us not to, but you should check our Web site frequently to see recent changes. Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Notice applies to all information that we have about you and your account.
More information
If you have additional questions, you can contact us via email, or write to us at:
Post Office Box 35561
Washington, DC 20033
Copyright © 2014 e-fense. All Rights Reserved.
Privacy Policy
|| Security
HOME|PRODUCTs |training|support
|clients
|about
us
|recent news
|contact
us
|employment
Buy SSL Certificate