http://www.softwarelight.com/privacy/
Find Software:
Software Categories
New releases
Top 20
Anti-Trojan
Antivirus
Audio editors
Audio players
Audio tools
Backup tools
Communication
DVD & DivX tools
Desktop
Download tools
Education
Emulators
File managers
Firewall
Fun
Games
Graphics
HTML editors
Internet tools
Mail clients
Miscellaneous
Multimedia
Music
Operating systems
Programming
System optimization
System security
Text processors
Utilities
Video players
Web browsers
Privacy Policy
Software Light, and its advertisers are deeply
committed to protecting the privacy of Internet users. Below is information
outlining our continued support for the responsible management of consumer
information.
Consumer Information
Software Light does not
collect any personally identifiable information about you such as name, address,
phone number, or e-mail address. However, Software Light does obtain some
types of non-personally identifiable information such as the Internet Service
Provider you use to connect to the Internet, your IP address, your browser type,
or the type of computer operating system you use (Macintosh or Windows, for example). The
information collected by Software Light is used for the purpose of targeting
ads and measuring ad effectiveness on behalf of our advertisers.
In some cases, you may voluntarily provide personal information
by filling out a survey. If this does occur, Software Light may collect this
information on behalf of an advertiser. This information is used by an advertiser
to respond to your request. In addition, Software Light may combine this information with
other users' information and review it in an aggregate form to understand the
type of individuals who view a specific type of ad.
Data Collection
Software Light, as well as most sites on the Internet, uses "cookies" to
enhance your experience on the web. Software Light cannot use these cookies to
personally identify you in any way.
What are cookies and why do we use them? A
cookie is a unique number that is provided to you the first time you visit Software Light.
This unique number, which is stored in a cookie file
on your computer, helps Software Light target ads to you. This cookie can help
Software Light ensure that we don't serve you the same ad multiple times, and
help our advertisers understand what you like and don't like about their
offerings so that they can cater better to your needs the next time you are
interested in their products or services. While we believe that cookies enhance
your Internet experience by limiting the number of times you see the same ad and
delivering more relevant content to you, they are not required for Software Light
to deliver you an ad.
If you do not want the benefit of cookies, there is a simple procedure to
manually delete your cookies. Please consult your web browser's Help
documentation for more information.
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web
site. These companies may use aggregated information (not including your name,
address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other
Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of
interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to
know your choices about not having this information used by these companies,
click here.
If you have any additional questions about Software Light's dedication to
consumer privacy, please contact us.
Advertisement
Advertisement
New releases | Top 20 | Anti-Trojan | Antivirus | Audio editors | Audio players | Audio tools | Backup toolsCommunication | DVD & DivX tools | Desktop | Download tools | Education | Emulators | File managers | FirewallFun | Games | Graphics | HTML editors | Internet tools | Mail clients | Miscellaneous | MultimediaMusic | Operating systems | Programming | System optimization | System security | Text processors | Utilities | Video playersWeb browsers |
Privacy Policy |
Contact us
Copyright © Software Light 2002-20. All rights reserved.
Software Light is not responsible for software presented on this pages.Any questions, complaints, or claims regarding the products must be directed to the appropriate manufacturer or vendor.