https://www.zedo.com/about-zedo/privacy-policy/
ZEDO, Inc. Privacy Policy
Updated December 2019 (See Archived Privacy Policy)
ZEDO, Inc. is committed to protecting the privacy of online consumers. This notice explains our online technology and information collection practices.
About ZEDO
ZEDO is an advertising technology partner for publishers. We provide advertising innovations, using which publishers monetize their ad spaces directly or allow our Exchange to monetize. ZEDO has a fullstack ad delivery software, one that allows direct or programmatic partner setup with detailed reporting. Advertisers run their advertising campaign either directly using a self-serve system or via our partner DSPs and Exchanges which then runs through our Ad Delivery software.
ZEDO adheres to the privacy guidelines created by the Direct Marketing Association (DMA) and the Interactive Advertising Bureau (IAB).
EU
ZEDO does not deliver advertisements to any requests coming from countries part of the EU.
ZEDO Ad delivery and reporting web portal continues to work if accessed from EU countries. This software uses email ID to assign a unique account for an individual and it is used for that sole purpose only. The portal also drops cookies which are required for optimum performance of the software.
Cookies
ZEDO drops a cookie on the web browser which simply contains a string of alphanumeric characters. ZEDO uses cookies to enhance the web experience by preventing the user from seeing the same Internet advertisement over and over again and by delivering better advertisements. These cookies cannot damage your system or files.
Cookies are often miscategorized as ‘Spyware’, or as a virus or other malicious program. A cookie itself cannot do anything except help a web site behave in a manner customized to you.
In general, you can tell your browser to accept or reject cookies for all sites, or for specific sites; but remember, rejecting cookies may affect the way your favorite sites behave.
If you do not want ZEDO to store such information in your browser, you can easily deny, or opt out of cookies. There is more than one way to opt out of cookies: manually delete your cookies by following the instructions contained in the “Help” section of your browser; or, go to our Opt Out page and click the “Opt Out Now” button provided. We will no longer deliver ads targeted to your preferences and usage patterns.
The ZEDO Opt Out Tool is cookie-based, which means, it saves a single cookie on your browser to indicate that you have opted out. In order for the tool to work on your computer, your browser must be set to accept third party cookies. If you buy a new computer, change web browsers or delete this cookie, you will need to perform the opt-out task again.
Device Identifiers (IDFA, AAID)
ZEDO also provides Advertising Innovations on Mobile Applications & Connected TV. On such devices, ZEDO uses information about other identifiers assigned to the device such as IDFA, AAID to enhance the user experience by preventing the user from seeing the same Internet advertisement over and over again and deliver better advertisements.
Data we Collect
Ad Delivery
When ZEDO is operating as an Ad Delivery solution partner, we collect some or all of the below information about the user we serve ads to:
IP Address
ZEDO Cookie Information & Device Identifiers
Page URL
Browser Information
Location information
User interaction with Ad (e.g  Click, video completion % etc)
Device Information (eg. Smartphone, Desktop, Mobile OS etc)
As such, we collect information which broadly can be categorized in the following data categories:
Identifiers
Internet Activity
Geolocation
Please note that as part of such services we do not collect any information that could directly identify you. This means we do not know who you are. We do not know your address, your place of work, your date of birth, your email address, or your phone number. We do not collect sensitive information (such as your religious affiliation, political opinions or health details). We do not create segments to specifically target children under 16 years old.
Ad Server Platform
We use your email address, name and address while creating an account for you in ZEDO Ad Server Platform. This account creation is initiated as per agreement with ZEDO either by you, your company / firm or any company / firm that may be working with you and has service agreement to use ZEDO services.
The above mentioned details are solely used to create a unique account for you on our software and for communication as part of the software services you use from target.zedo.com.
Sources of Information
The information we collect as part of our services, is generated from one of the below 2 sources:
Directly from the Consumer: We collect data when you go to websites that have partnered with us
Information from Other Sources: We might receive information about you from other sources such as partnered upstream service providers
How we use collected data
ZEDO enables advertisers to use the anonymous information it collects to customize the ads consumers see on participating websites. Some of the key features we provide include:
Targeting: We use data to target an ad based on geographic location, Device, Browser and page context.
Frequency capping: We use data to limit ad delivery to only a few times per user.
Relevant Ad Delivery: We pass some data to our programmatic buyers so that they can deliver relevant ads.
Ad Campaign Optimization: We use data deliver ads efficiently and to improve our technology
Data Transfer to Service Providers
For better ad delivery and measurement, we need to share data with our partners. These companies lawfully use this data to provide the following:
Relevant Ad Delivery: We pass some data to our programmatic buyers so that they can deliver relevant ads.
Targeting: We use data to target an ad based on Geographic location, Device, Browser and page context.
The data we send can be broadly categorized as Identifiers, Internet Activity & Geolocation. We do not create & sell segments to specifically target children under 16 years old.
Our Policy Towards Children
ZEDO does not engage in activities that require parental notice or consent as required by laws such as COPPA, CCPA. If you become aware that your child has provided us with personal information without your consent, please contact us at privacy@zedo.com. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 16. If we become aware that a child under 16 has provided us with personal information, we take steps to delete such information.
Your Rights & Choices
1) Right to Know About Personal Information Collected, Disclosed, or Sold
You have the right to request us to disclose personal information we have collected, used or sold over the preceding 12 months. Details of this information can be found in this privacy policy under sections:
Data we Collect
Sources of Information
How we use the Collected Data
Data Transfer to Service Providers
Since we operate as a Service Provider to our Publishers, in some cases, it may be appropriate for you to exercise your rights directly on the website of the Publisher of your choice. However, you may ask us any time to provide you with the following information:
All personal information along with the categories we have about you
The categories of sources of the personal information we have collected from
The categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information
Some of the above information can be provided to you based on the fact that we can verify your identity. To submit a request please go to our Consumer Privacy Request page.
2) Right to Request Deletion of Personal Information
You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information that we have collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions in Section 1798.105(d), as set forth in the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies.
Since we operate as a Service Provider to our Publishers, in some cases, it may be appropriate for you to exercise your rights directly on the website of the Publisher of your choice. Your request can be processed by ZEDO provided that we can verify your identity. To submit a request please go to our Consumer Privacy Request page.
You can also delete any ZEDO data that has been saved in your browser’s ZEDO cookies by visiting our Opt Out page
3) Right to Opt-Out of the Sale of Personal Information
In accordance with section 1798.120 of the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, you have the right to ask us to stop selling your data to our partners.
Since we operate as a Service Provider to our Publishers, in this case, the request to opt-out of sale should ideally come from our Publishers. Hence it is recommended that you submit your Opt-Out request to the specific Publisher of your choice for it to be effective.
You can also opt-out of any ZEDO data being saved in your browser’s ZEDO cookies by visiting our Opt Out page
4) Right to Non-Discrimination for the Exercise of a Consumer’s Privacy Rights
As a consumer we do not discriminate on the basis of whether you have exercised any of the above rights provided to you. However, some of our features such as Frequency Capping, Relevant Ads work based on data we collect. In case you have exercised the right to Opt-Out or the Right to Delete, it is technically not possible to provide you with these features.
5) Authorised Agent
Only you or a person registered with the California Secretary of State that you authorize to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child.
Verifiable Consumer Request
You may only make a verifiable consumer request twice within a 12-month period. The verifiable consumer request must:
Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify that you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative.
Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you.  Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us. We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor’s identity or authority to make the request.
Since we operate as a Service Provider to our Publishers, we consider all requests passed to us by our Publishers as verified. Hence, it would be more effective to register your request with the specific publisher of your choice.
We cannot process any requests to access or delete personal data as we cannot verify your identity as required by the CCPA. As an alternative, you can request your account relationship for such requests. Your account can verify and forward such requests to ZEDO.
How to Exercise Your Rights
You can exercise any of the above rights by one of the following methods:
Sending an email to privacy@zedo.com
Visiting our Consumer Privacy Request page.
For consumers who directly use our Ad Server platform, the best approach would be to drop us an email with the request directly.
Record Keeping
We will keep a record of any privacy requests that you make with us to calculate the following metrics:
The number of requests to Know
The number of requests to Delete
The number of requests to Opt-Out
The median time taken to respond to all requests
The above metrics will be calculated for each calendar year and made available via this Privacy Policy
Changes to this Privacy Policy
ZEDO, Inc. reserves the right to modify this privacy statement at any time, so please review it frequently. If we make a change to this policy that would result in a materially more permissive use of Preference Data that was collected before the effective date of the update, we will obtain prior affirmative consent from affected users before implementing the change.
Contact ZEDO
Questions about this statement or ZEDO’s privacy policy may be sent by email to: privacy@zedo.com
or by postal mail to:
850 Montgomery St.,
Suite 150,
San Francisco, CA 94133
You may also contact us by telephone at: 415.348.1975
Archive
Privacy Policy (dated April 2016)
Privacy Policy (dated May 2012)
Management Team
Investors
Careers
Fight Spyware
Privacy Policy
Do Not Sell My Personal Information (Opt Out)
Consumer Privacy Request
Terms of Service
About ZEDO Management Team
Investors
Careers
Rich Media Ad Formats
Ad Operations
News
Blog
Contact
Resources Get Started
Customer Login
About Ad Servers
Privacy
Fight Spyware
Do Not Sell My Personal Info (Opt Out)
Connect with us Newsletter
Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
LinkedIn
Twitter Feed
Tweets by @TwitterDev
Scroll to top