http://www.digitalfuturesoft.com/privacy.php
Product Catalog | About | Login | Site Map | Contact
Voice Enabled Solutions
Text to Speech Technology
Text to Speech for Windows
Text to Speech for Mac OS X
Text to Speech for iPhone
Text to Speech for Pocket PC
Text to Speech for Smartphone
Text to Speech for Linux
Document to Speech
AT&T Natural Voices™
Cepstral Voices
Voice Demos
Web Page to Speech
Text to Audio File
Special Features
Software Developer Solutions
Text to Speech SDK (Windows, Mac OS X, Linux)
Text to Speech SDK for Windows Mobile
Surveillance Solutions
Keyboard Logging for Windows
Keylogger for Windows
Keylogger for Mac
Internet Usage Monitoring
IM/Chat Monitoring
File Logging
Program Usage Logging
Clipboard Logging
Special Features
Remote Monitoring
Various Desktop Solutions
Document Web Search
All Products
Text to Speech for Windows
Text to Speech for Mac OS X
Text to Speech for iPhone
Text to Speech for Pocket PC
Text to Speech for Smartphone
Text to Speech for Linux
Text to Speech SDK (Windows, Mac OS X, Linux)
Text to Speech SDK for Windows Mobile
Secret Surveillance Products
Document Web Search Products
Clients
Login
Digital Future Company
About
Partners
Customer Successes
Contact
Affiliates
Privacy Policy
Protecting the individual's privacy on the Internet is crucial to the future of Internet-based business and the move toward a true Internet economy. Digital Future has created this privacy statement to demonstrate our firm commitment to secure and trustworthy Internet commerce and the individual's right to privacy.
Consent
By using this Web site, you consent to the collection and use of the information as described here. If we decide to make changes to this privacy policy, we will post the changes on this page so that you will always know what information we collect, and how we use it.
Use and Purpose of Collected Personal Data
On our Web sites, we only store personal information relating to you with your permission. You may choose to reveal information to us if, for example, you register or complete a survey. Companies in the Digital Future group may use the information internationally in connection with processing your inquiries and orders or to help improve our products and services.
We would only share such information with third parties outside the Digital Future group with your express permission or as required by the applicable law. Information is used solely for the purposes described below.
Privacy Across the Entire Digital Future Network
As a global company, Digital Future operates a number of Web sites around the world. Any information that you submit to one of our sites in any one country may be sent electronically to a server for one of these sites in another country. We safeguard your privacy interests around the world by ensuring that this Digital Future site adheres to our international data-protection principles described in this statement.
We bind our employees to observe your privacy and confidentiality rights.
Online Security
Digital Future supports secure online shopping using secure server technology because we want your shopping experience to be simple and safe. There are state-of-the art security arrangements and facilities on Digital Future sites to prevent security abuse.
Details
1. What Information Do We Collect and Why?
IP Addresses
We use IP addresses to help diagnose problems, to administer our Web site, and to gather demographic information. When you visit our site, we recognize only your domain name and not your e-mail address. We will see your e-mail address only if you give it to us by filling out a form or by sending us an e-mail message.
Cookies
We use cookies to determine who referred you to our web site and to tailor our information offerings to how you and others use the site.
User Registration
If you are a paying customer you will be automatically created a user account to be able to securely review and download your orders. If you opted-in to receive updates and newsletters, we may send you requested information on products, other product information, news, or promotions.
You can always opt-out of that feature by logging into your account and modifying your preferences.
E-mail Addresses
If you choose to give us your e-mail address or have purchased a product from the web site, we will communicate with you via e-mail. We do not share your e-mail address with others outside the Digital Future group of companies. You can choose not to receive any more e-mail at any time.
Depending on how your e-mail application is set up, information about you may be transmitted automatically when you send e-mail to Digital Future.
Shopping or Event Registration
Our site includes order forms that you fill out to request information, products, and services. These forms collect your financial information, such as your banking details or credit card numbers. Digital Future promises to use any financial information that you submit solely for billing and payment purposes for that special transaction.
Online Surveys
Our surveys may ask you for demographic information, such as postal codes or your industry sector. If the online survey collects contact data, we may use that data to send you further information only if we specifically asked for your permission in the survey. You are free to retract any permission you gave.
2. Links to Other Sites
This site contains links to other sites. Digital Future is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of other Web sites.
3. Inquiries
If you have any questions about this privacy statement -- if, for example, you wish to inspect or update the information we hold about you -- feel free to contact:
E-mail: webmaster@digitalfuturesoft.com
Want to learn more? Contact Digital Future for more information by clicking here.
Privacy | Terms & Conditions | Contact us | Affiliates
© Digital Future 2004-2020.All rights reserved.