https://www.ntirety.com/acceptable-use-policy/
Acceptable Use Policy - Ntirety | Managed Cloud Solutions | Guaranteed
News
Ntirety remains committed to providing 24/7 support for all our services throughout the COVID-19 crisis. Visit our Resource Center for access to all of our news and insights.
Solutions
By Industry
Healthcare
FinTech
Manufacturing
Mission-Critical SaaS Apps
IoT and Software
By Challenge
Securing Your Environment
New Cloud Directive
Public Cloud Migration
Hybrid Cloud Implementation
Managed Services
Guidance Level Agreements
Managed Cloud Services
Managed Private Cloud
Managed Public Cloud
Managed Hybrid Cloud
Managed Colocation
Managed Off Premises
Managed Patching
Ntirety CloudEnterprise
Monitoring Insights™
Recovery Services
Managed Security
Compliance-as-a-Service
Managed Databases
Cloud Desktop™ (VDI)
Consulting
Migration Services
Compliance-as-a-Service
Cloud Readiness Assessment
Security Assessment
Database Services
Business Intelligence (BI)
Database Assessment
Remote DBA
Data Consulting
OnDemand Services
Cost Containment Services
Expertise
AWS
Oracle
VMware®
Microsoft Azure
Microsoft SQL Server and BI
MySQL Database
Linux
Partners
Partner Programs
Become a Partner
Register a Deal
Resources
More
Get started
Support
Status
Sign in
Company
Careers
Partners
Blog
Events
Contact
Privacy Policy
Master Services Agreement
Service Level Agreement
Law Enforcement Policy
Copyright Policy
Acceptable Use Policy
Acceptable Use Policy
Last updated September, 09 2019
Acceptable Use Policy
Last updated 9/5/2019
This Acceptable Use Policy (“AUP”) governs the use of all Services provided by Ntirety, Inc. (“Ntirety”) to its Clients under the Master Services Agreement (“MSA”). This AUP is incorporated into and made an integral part of the MSA.  Any capitalized terms that are not defined herein will have the same definition as the MSA.  A Client’s use and/or continuation of the Service constitutes acceptance of this AUP.
About this AUP
This AUP sets forth the guidelines by which all Clients and End Users are expected to conduct themselves in their use of the Services and Systems, and it describes the types of actions and content that are expressly prohibited.  It is intended to protect Ntirety (its employees, Services, and Systems) and all Clients and End Users from improper, inappropriate, abusive or illegal activity.  Ntirety reserves the right to determine, in its sole and exclusive judgment, what activities are unacceptable under this AUP. The version of this AUP, available online here, is the most recent and currently binding version.
Responsibility for End Users
For the purposes of this AUP, Clients are solely responsible for the actions and activities of everyone to whom they provide access to the Services or Systems.  Therefore, where the term “Client” is used herein, it will also include all of such Client’s employees, Affiliates, resellers, partners, and End Users.  It is a Client’s responsibility and contractual obligation to ensure that its employees, Affiliates, resellers, partners, agents, and End Users all comply with this AUP.
Responsibility for Content
Clients are solely responsible for the content that they upload to Ntirety’s Systems.  Ntirety does not review, edit, censor, or take responsibility for any information or material that Clients may create. Ntirety expressly disclaims any and all liability to Clients or any third parties, resulting from inaccurate, unsuitable, offensive or illegal content or transactions. Ntirety specifically reserves the right to refuse to provide the Service to Clients engaged in any Illegal Activities, Abuse of Services, Security Violations, Offensive Behaviours, Spamming, or who are otherwise in contravention of any term of this AUP.
Illegal Activities
Clients may only use the Services for lawful purposes.  The transmission, storage, or presentation of any information, data or material in violation of any applicable law, regulation, or code via the Services is strictly prohibited (“Illegal Activities”).  Clients will not use the Services, Systems, or any component thereof in any manner which:
Is criminal in nature;
Violates any anti-spam legislation, including the U.S. Controlling the Assault of Non-Solicited Pornography And Marketing Act of 2003 (CAN-SPAM Act), as amended, and Canada’ Anti-Spam Legislation (CASL), as amended;
Infringes upon a third party’s Intellectual Property or other rights;
Violates any applicable import or export control laws, regulations, and policies;
Discloses personally identifying information of any third party without their consent;
Is fraudulent, deceptive, or defamatory; or
Instigates, promotes, or encourages any illegal activity, including soliciting the performance of any illegal activity, even if the activity itself is not performed.
This list of Illegal Activities is intended as a guideline and is not exhaustive.
Ntirety reserves the right to cooperate with law enforcement, the Department of Justice, and any applicable third parties of competent authority in the investigation of any alleged Illegal Activities involving any Client or End User and their use of the Services or the Systems.
Abuse of Services
Clients must be respectful of Ntirety’s other Clients and End Users when using the Services.  Any activity that interferes with or adversely affects the Services (including the use of or access to by any other Client, End User, or third party) is strictly prohibited (“Abuse of Services”).  Clients will not use the Services, Systems, network, or any component thereof, in any manner which:
Is a material violation of the MSA;
Accesses, monitors, or interferes with any third party internet account, computer, systems, networks, data or traffic without their consent;
Collects, transmits, or uses information about any third party in a deceitful manner or otherwise without their consent;
Interferes with the normal operation of Systems on which the Services are hosted, or otherwise consumes a disproportionate share of system resources (including, but not limited to, bandwidth);
Forges, misrepresents, omits or deletes message headers, return mailing information, and/or internet protocol addresses, to conceal or misidentify the origin of a message;
Constitutes hacking, and/or subverting, or assisting others in subverting, the security or integrity of the Services or Systems;
Attacks the servers or systems belonging to any third party;
Creates legal liability or other actual or potential material risk or harm to Ntirety, its Affiliates, or any other Client and End User; or
Constitutes acting in any manner that might subject Ntirety to unfavorable regulatory action, subject Ntirety to any liability for any reason, or adversely affect Ntirety’ public image, reputation or goodwill, as determined by Ntirety in its sole and exclusive discretion.
This list of Abuse of Services is intended as a guideline and is not exhaustive.
Systems or Network Security Violations
Ntirety relies upon the Systems (including physical infrastructure and network) in order to provide the Services to all of its Clients.  As such, any activity that compromises or affects the safety or security of the Systems is strictly prohibited (“Security Violations”).  Clients will not use the Services, Systems, network, or any component thereof, in any manner which:
Accesses or uses any data, systems or networks (whether belonging to Ntirety or any third party) without proper authorization, including any attempt to ping, probe, scan or test the vulnerability of a system or network or to breach security or authentication measures without express authorization of the owner of the system or network);
Interferes with the services, systems, host, or network, of any party (whether belonging to Ntirety, Client, End User, or a third party) including mail bombing, flooding, deliberate attempts to overload a system, denial of service attacks, and broadcast attacks;
Forges any TCP-IP packet header or any part of the header information in an email or a newsgroup posting;
Creates, uploads, sends or otherwise disseminates malicious code, Internet viruses, worms, or Trojan horses;
Is intended to disrupt or interfere with, or that results in the disruption of or interference with, the ability of others to effectively use the Services and Systems (or any connected network, system, service or equipment) or conduct their business over the Internet.
This list of Security Violations is intended as a guideline and is not exhaustive.
Ntirety reserves the right to take immediate action to suspend or terminate a Client’s account if, in Ntirety’s sole and exclusive determination, such Client is engaging in activities that jeopardize the security of the Systems, the security of other Clients, or of the Internet in general. Such Client may not be provided with advance notice that Ntirety is taking such action.
Offensive Behaviour
Clients will conduct themselves in a professional and business-like manner in their use of the Services.  Clients will not use abusive or offensive language when addressing Ntirety’s employees or agents. Clients will not transmit, store, disseminate, or present any information, data or material that, while technically legal, runs counter to Ntirety’s corporate principles or is generally considered materially objectionable in the Internet community.  This type of content includes, but is not limited to, racism, hate speech, threats, defamation, excessive violence, incitement to violence, harassment, depictions or descriptions of an obscene nature, violations of a person’s privacy, material that is malicious or morally repugnant.
Spamming
Spam is commercial e-mail that: (i) has not been requested by the recipient, (ii) is not compliant with the U.S. Controlling the Assault of Non-Solicited Pornography And Marketing Act (CAN-SPAM Act) or the Canada Anti-Spam Legislation (CASL), or (iii) even if requested or compliant with the CAN-SPAM Act or CASL, causes other entities to block or blacklist Ntirety’s IP Addresses. Clients will not use the Services to send spam or to host a site that is advertised in spam (a spamvertized site). If Ntirety determines in its sole and exclusive judgment that any Client or any End User is involved in spamming, Ntirety will suspend or terminate such Client’s account as Ntirety deems necessary.
Ntirety uses industry standard methods to filter outbound e-mail sent via the Services for spam. Ntirety will use commercially reasonable efforts to inform a Client if any of Client’s outbound mail has been marked as spam and blocked. Clients should regularly review their outbound e-mail to determine whether any e-mail has been blocked. Clients have the option of using a spam filter to scan inbound e-mail. Clients should familiarize themselves with this technology and its use.  Ntirety is not responsible or liable for a Client’s spam filter settings.
Export Controls
The provision and use of the Services are governed by the applicable export laws, controls, regulations, and sanction policies of the United Nations, the United States, and Canada.  Clients will not use the Services to do business with, or export the Services (or the use thereof) to, any country, person, or group who is or was involved in or suspected of involvement in or affiliated with any activities or causes relating to: illegal gambling, narcotics trafficking, human trafficking, domestic or foreign terrorism, arms trafficking, or the proliferation of nuclear, chemical, or biological weapons, or any other weapons of mass destruction.
This list of export controls is intended as a guideline and is not exhaustive.
For more information on current export controls, please visit:
United Nations: https://www.un.org/securitycouncil/sanctions/information
United States: https://www.export.gov/article?id=Export-Control-Regulations
Canada: https://www.international.gc.ca/world-monde/international_relations-relations_internationales/sanctions/current-actuelles.aspx
IP Addresses
Clients may only use the IP addresses assigned by Ntirety. If a Client is using an IP address that was not officially assigned by Ntirety, the Service will be suspended until such time as the IP address overlap can be corrected. As between Ntirety and a Client, Ntirety owns all IP numbers and addresses that may be assigned to such Client. Clients may only use their assigned IP addresses as permitted by the MSA and this AUP.  Clients are not permitted to further assign or transfer any IP address(es) that may have been assigned to them.  Ntirety recycles IP addresses on termination of a Client Account.  Ntirety may change or remove IP numbers and addresses at its sole discretion.
Breach of this AUP
If Ntirety determines that a Client is engaging in, or the Services associated with Client have been used in, any activity that is in breach of this AUP, whether intentionally or unintentionally, Ntirety may, at its sole discretion and without prior notice, immediately suspend the Ntirety Services and the Client Account in whole or in part. Ntirety will promptly notify Client in writing upon suspending Services for breach of this AUP. A suspension for breach of this AUP may be implemented until the prohibited activity or threat has been remedied to Ntirety’s sole reasonable satisfaction. Service Fees will continue to accrue during the suspension and Client will ensure timely payment of all Service Fees due. Client will not receive a refund of any Service Fees already paid to Ntirety.  In addition, Client will be responsible for all costs, including labor and other resources, to remedy any damage done to the Systems or to attend to complaints received by Ntirety.  Client agrees to hold Ntirety harmless from any claims that a suspension or termination of Services for a violation of this AUP has damaged Client.
Reporting a Breach
If you have a good faith belief that a Client or End User has violated any term of this AUP, please contact the Ntirety Abuse Department at the address below. Your notice must contain, at a minimum, your first and last name, and either a working, monitored e-mail address, or a working, monitored, telephone number.  Notices sent to the wrong address will be not be reviewed. We do not review anonymous complaints, and will refer individuals who deliberately attempt to mislead us regarding their identity, or the basis for their complaints, to appropriate law enforcement officials.
Ntirety, Inc.
Attention: Abuse Department
2901 Via Fortuna, Suite 175
Austin, Texas 78746
abuse@ntirety.com
Changes to this AUP
The Internet and the information and technology industry (including the laws, regulations, policies, and risks associated with them) are constantly and rapidly changing, and, as such, Ntirety reserves the right to update the AUP from time to time at its sole discretion to address those changes as they come into effect.  Ntirety may amend the AUP by publishing a revised version online at https://www.ntirety.com/AUP.  Client’s continued use of the Services following publication or other notice of the amended AUP constitutes Client’s agreement and acceptance of the amendments.
Ready to get started?
Get in touch with our experts today.
CONTACT US
Request an Assessment
Our Mission: Enabling business to move faster with less risk. Trusted. Proactive. Guaranteed.
ABOUT US
Sign in
General
Resources
Events
Company
Company
Careers
Partners
Blog
Contact
Hostway SMB Solutions
SUPPORT
Support
Status
Contact
Sign in
© Ntirety 2020. All Rights Reserved.
Privacy Policy
Master Services Agreement
Service Level Agreement
Law Enforcement Policy
Copyright Policy
Acceptable Use Policy
This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience. View Privacy Policy
Privacy Preferences
I Agree
Privacy Preference Center
Options
Consent Management
Cookie Settings
NecessaryAnalytics
Consent Management
Necessary
marketo.com
Opt Out
Marketo
Advertising
Analytics
Cookies Used
ON
OFF
Google Analytics
Other
OK