https://www.nextdimensioninc.com/privacy-policy/
Digital Leadership
IT Strategic Planning
Managed IT Services
IT Solutions
Privacy Policy
Next Dimension respects your right to privacy. This policy summarizes what personally identifiable information we may collect, how we might use this information, and other important topics relating to your privacy.
INFORMATION COLLECTION
Next Dimension only collects personally identifiable information (such as name, title, company name, address, telephone number, or e-mail address) that you voluntarily provide through our website or e-mail correspondence. We also collect general information (such as the type of browser you use, the files you request, and the domain name and country from which you request information) to improve our website and better meet your needs.
USE OF INFORMATION
The information you supply will be used to fulfill orders for our products and services, respond to inquiries, and supply you with requested information regarding the products and services. We may also use the information to inform you about new features, products or services unless you explicitly instruct us not to do so.
OTHER IMPORTANT INFORMATION
This website may contain links to other sites. We do not endorse or otherwise accept responsibility for the content or privacy policies of those sites. Additionally, some of our web pages may contain “cookies,” which are data that may be sent to your web browser and stored on your computer. This allows our server to “recognize” you when you visit our website in the future. Most web browsers can be configured to not accept cookies, or to notify you if a cookie is sent to you.
It may be necessary, if required by law or if pertinent to judicial or governmental investigations, to release your personally identifiable information.
Next Dimension reserves the right to modify this privacy policy at any time.
Is it time to check your IT Alignment?
Business and IT Strategic Alignment Scorecard
How well aligned is your IT Strategy?
Get Your Score
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.