https://www.skynetas.com/terms-conditions/
Terms and ConditionsWelcome to our website. If you continue to browse and use this website, you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which, together with our privacy policy, govern Skynet Applied Systems Ltd.’s relationship with you in relation to this website. If you disagree with any part of these terms and conditions, please do not use our website. The term ‘ Skynet Applied Systems Ltd ‘ or ‘us’ or ‘we’ refers to the owner of the website whose registered office is 28 Queen Street, London EC4R 1BB, United Kingdom. Our company registration number is 2320601 in England & Wales. The term ‘you’ refers to the user or viewer of our website. The use of this website is subject to the following terms of use: The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.This website uses cookies to monitor browsing preferences. If you do allow cookies to be used, the following personal information may be stored by us for use by third parties and business purposes only: Name and job titleContact information including email addressDemographic information such as postcode, preferences and interestsOther information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers.Neither we or any third party provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and, although we work hard to ensure accuracy and timeliness of our information, we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the full extent as permitted by law. Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.This website contains material that is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions. All trademarks reproduced in this website that are not the property of, or licensed to, the operator are acknowledged on the website.Unauthorised use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offence. From time to time, this website may also include links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s). Your use of this website and any dispute arising out of such use of the website is subject to the laws of England, Northern Ireland, Scotland and Wales.We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.
Accept Reject
Close GDPR Cookie Settings
Privacy Overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Cookie Policy
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
Strictly Necessary CookiesStrictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
Enable or Disable Cookies
Cookie PolicyMore information about our Cookie Policy
Enable All Save Changes
Powered by  GDPR Cookie Compliance