https://www.surefiresearch.com/privacy-policy/
SureFire Search Privacy Policy
SERVICES SEO
Google AdWords
Google Analytics
BLOG
ABOUT
CONTACT
Privacy PolicySureFire Search Marketing (“SureFire” or “we”), a subsidiary of Ampersand Marketing Limited, is committed to respecting your online privacy and recognizes your need for appropriate protection and management of any personally identifiable information (“Personal Information”) you share with us. SureFire has established this Privacy Policy to let you know what information we may collect from you on the publicly available portion of www.SureFireSearch.com (the “Site”) and how we may use and share that information. Please take a moment to review the terms of our Privacy Policy. By using the Site, you agree to accept the terms of our Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, please do not use the Site. This Privacy Policy applies only to Personal Information that we collect on the Site and does not apply to Personal Information which we may collect by other means or through other websites.Personal InformationInformation We May CollectPersonal Information means any information that may be used to identify an individual, including, but not limited to, a first and last name, a home, business, or other physical address, a phone number, and an email address. In general, we only collect Personal Information from our Site users in connection with inquiries about our services through the “Contact” page. Of course, if you send us an email in connection with an inquiry about a job listed on the “Careers” page, we may also store the Personal Information provided in connection with that inquiry. You are entitled to obtain confirmation from us that we hold Personal Information about you and you can request access to that Personal Information by contacting us. If accessing your Personal Information will take an extended period of time, we will inform you of the likely delay. If you believe that the information we hold about you is incorrect, you may ask that it be corrected.How We May Use Your InformationIf you provide us with Personal Information, we will not collect that Personal Information unless that information is necessary for our functions or purposes. For example, we may use your Personal Information in order to respond to your questions or requests for information about SureFire. We may also use Personal Information to ensure compliance with our policies and applicable law. We reserve the right to send you certain communications relating to the Site or the services provided by SureFire, such as service announcements, or similar administrative or transactional messages, without offering you the opportunity to opt-out of receiving them.With Whom We May Share Your InformationSureFire will not disclose any Personal Information to another party without your consent, unless the disclosure is related to the primary reason for collection or is required or permitted by or under law. For example, we may sometimes use other businesses to perform certain services for us, such as maintaining the Site and our e-mail services and processing inquiries. We may provide Personal Information to those businesses when that information is necessary for them to complete a requested transaction or otherwise perform their duties. SureFire will take reasonable steps to ensure that these third-party service providers are obligated to protect Personal Information on SureFire’s behalf. SureFire will not sell or share your Personal Information with any unaffiliated third parties for marketing purposes. In the event that SureFire or all of its assets are acquired, customer information would be one of the transferred assets.We reserve the right to disclose Personal Information in special cases when we have reason to believe that disclosing that Personal Information is necessary to identify, contact, or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) our rights or property, other visitors, or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities.Aggregate InformationFrom time to time, we may collect general, non-personal, statistical information about the use of the Site, such as how many visitors visit a specific page on the Site, how long they stay on that page and which hyperlinks, if any, they “click” on. We collect this information through the use of “cookies” and other tracking technologies, which are discussed in greater detail below. We collect this information in order to determine which areas of the Site are most popular and to enhance the Site for visitors. We may group this information into aggregate visitor data in order to describe the use of the Site to our existing or potential business partners, sponsors, advertisers, or other third parties, or in response to a government request. However, please be assured that this aggregate data will in no way personally identify you or any other visitors to the Site.Cookies and Other Tracking TechnologiesSome of our web pages utilize “cookies” and other tracking technologies. A cookie is a small text file that a website transfers to an individual’s hard drive for record-keeping purposes. For example, we may use cookies to collect information about website activity. You may set most browsers to notify you if you receive a cookie, or you may choose to block cookies with your browser. However, please be aware that some features of the Site may not function properly or may be slower if you refuse cookies. We do not link the information we store in cookies to any Personal Information you submit while on the Site.Tracking technologies may record information such as Internet domain and host names; Internet protocol (IP) addresses; browser software and operating system types; clickstream patterns; and dates and times that our Site is accessed. It is not our practice to link the information we record using tracking technologies to any Personal Information you submit while on the Site. However, we reserve the right to use IP addresses and other tracking technologies to identify a visitor only when we feel it is necessary to enforce compliance with the Site’s policies, to protect the Site, our customers, or others, or when we believe in good faith that the law requires it.Links to Other Sites; Public VenuesPlease be aware that when you are on the Site, you could be directed to other sites that are beyond our control via hyperlinks. These other websites may send their own cookies to visitors, collect data, or solicit Personal Information. The privacy policies of these other sites may be significantly different from this Privacy Policy. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of these other sites and cannot guarantee the security of any of your Personal Information collected there.SecurityThe security of your Personal Information is important to us. We take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of data. These include internal reviews of our data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures, as well as physical security measures to guard against unauthorized access to systems where we store personal data. We restrict access to Personal Information to SureFire employees, contractors and to agents who need to know that Personal Information in order to operate, develop or improve our services. These individuals are bound by confidentiality obligations and may be subject to discipline, including termination and criminal prosecution, if they fail to meet these obligations.AccountYou may be provided with campaign reporting services accessed through a password protected section of the website.  Should this be the case you will be asked to choose a password for your account, in which case your online account information shall be protected by your password. We recommend that you do not disclose your password to any other person. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and account, and are fully responsible for all activities that occur under your password or account. You must notify us immediately if there is any unauthorised use of your account by another user or of any known breach of security.Changes to Our Privacy PolicyThe terms of this Privacy Policy may change from time to time. We will notify you of any material changes to this Privacy Policy by posting a notice on the homepage of the Site for a reasonable period of time after such changes are made. We encourage you to check this page periodically for any changes. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes.Governing LawSureFire is committed to complying with the National Privacy Principles contained in the Privacy Act 1993 (NZ).  Visitors who use the Site and reside outside of New Zealand do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws, if and to the extent local laws are applicable. If you reside outside of New Zealand, by using our Site, you consent to the transfer and use of your information outside your country.Contacting UsIf you have any comments or questions regarding our Privacy Policy, please contact us at privacy@SureFireSearch.com, or at our contact information below.SureFire Search MarketingPO Box 128-660, Remuera, Auckland 1050, New ZealandPH: (09) 3564623
SERVICES
SEO
AdWords
Analytics
ADDRESS
4/117 St Georges Bay Rd
Parnell, Auckland,
New Zealand
Click To Call
0800 080 278
Privacy Policy
Copyright 2020 by SureFire Search Marketing
- Auckland SEO,
AdWords &
Google Analytics specialists
Connect With Me: