http://www.cyberinks.com/privacy2.htm
Privacy Policy Statement:
Cyber Inks Co. is committed to safeguarding your privacy online. Please read the following to fully understand our practices regarding the use of your personal Information.
In General, Cyber Inks Co. will never intentionally disclose individually identifiable information about its users to any third party without first receiving that users permission.
This policy applies specifically to your name, email address, phone number, and any other individually identifiable information.
What we collect...
Cyber Inks' general policy is to only collect that individually identifiable information that is absolutely necessary for the transaction or useful for our own internal operations. We collect the domain name and e-mail address (where possible) of visitors to our Web page, the e-mail addresses of those who post messages to our bulletin board, the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail, the e-mail addresses of those who make postings to our chat areas, aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit, information volunteered by consumers and merchants, such as survey information and/or site registration data, and the e-mail address of those posting comments on merchants.
What we do with it...
For accountability purposes email addresses are required to file reports about users.    The information we collect is used to track and verify consumer reports, improve the content of our web page, provide accountability, and to follow up on complaints. We do not sell, lease or share our email lists, or list of any other individually identifiable information to other parties. Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line may receive telephone contact from us regarding reports filed. Your individual information such as credit card numbers, email addresses, name, phone number and the like is never sold or shared with other organizations. Cyber Inks Co. does collect and disclose aggregate user statistics (for example, percentage of users who are women, or average income of PE shoppers). These are summary, not individual, reports which contain no individually identifiable information.
© 1998-2017 Cyber Inks Co., Hickory, North Carolina. Please read our Web Site Usage Agreement and Privacy Policy