http://www.micromat.com/index.php/privacy-policy
User Login
Social
Social Media Icons for Joomla!
Home
Support
Phone
Knowledge Base
Product Manuals
Updates
Forums
Support Blog
Store
Contact
Products
Lifespan
TechTool Pro
Drive Scope
ATOMIC
Checkmate
MacCheck
MachineProfile
Cart
Privacy Policy
Micromat Privacy Policy
We respect your privacy. We will not share, sell, or rent your personal account information or registration data with anyone, without your advance permission or unless ordered by a court of law.
Why you receive email from us.If you received any email from us, such as a request to update your profile, a newsletter email informing you of an product update or upgrade mailing, or news with tips or tricks about product usability, your email address is recorded as being a registered user of one of our products through an account you previously set up, so that you have an existing business relationship with us, and have expressly shared this email address for the purpose of receiving information in the future ("opt-in").
How you can stop receiving email from us.Every email we send includes an easy, automated way for you to stop receiving email from us, and a way to revise your profile if any of your previous account information has changed and should be updated. If you wish to unsubscribe or update your profile, follow the instructions at the end of any email.
How we protect your privacy.We use security measures to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of data used by our system.
Data Definitions.Once you have registered, you have provided us your personal account information and the serial number(s) of your registered product(s).
Sharing and Usage of Account Information.We do not share, sell, or rent your personal account information or registration data with anyone, without your advance permission or unless ordered by a court of law. The information you submit to us is only available to employees managing this information for the purposes of providing customer or technical support when in contact with you, or in sending you emails as permitted by your registration and account set up, or with contracted service providers for purposes of providing services in our communications with you as noted above. We have no control over, and are not responsible for, any personal information you provided or information that was collected from you when ordering or communicating about our product(s) from any other location outside of us directly.
Account Unsubscribing.Upon unsubscribing, you will be removed from any of our direct communications with you. We will still have your registration information in our account records to provide customer or technical services.
Injunction Clause.If, for any reason, this policy is violated, you may obtain a legal injunction to prevent the exposure of your data.
Privacy Policy Changes.Our privacy policy may be revised from time to time in our sole discretion without prior notice, and it will be dated and effective when posted. We will not be responsible for contacting you in the event that a change has been made, however, you can determine when our privacy policy was last revised by reviewing the date and when you last read our policy.
back to top
© 2020 Micromat Inc. | Privacy Policy | Terms of Service
Top
User Login
Username
Password
Remember me
Forgot your password?
Forgot your username?
Create an account