http://www.webcron.org/privacy
Webcron.org
HomePricesServicesSupportNews & Events
Login
E-mail
Password
Forgot your password?
Remember Me
Sign Up Free
Tips & Status
Cron ConfigurationWebcron StatusHTTP CodesSite Map
Privacy Policy
Webcron and its affiliated companies globally are committed to respecting your online privacy and recognize your need for appropriate protection and management of any personally identifiable information ("Personal Information") that you share with us. Personal Information is information that enables us to identify you, such as your email address, name, title and address. webcron uses your Personal Information in order to personalize your experience on our Web site and also to be able to selectively send you communications that may be of interest to you, either electronically or otherwise. Our privacy policy governs the following areas:
Disclosurewebcron does not share presently information with other companies other than its own associates, and does not sell its user information. However, we reserve the right to use any personal information we collect for such purposes as customer service, marketing, product and service development, dissemination of investor information, recruiting and facilitating subsequent use of this Web site.Unless you opt out of receiving promotional materials, we may from time to time notify you of special promotions, new products or services, or other information that may interest you. We explicitly reserve the right to disclose any such personal information if required to do so by law, or in the good faith belief that such action is reasonably necessary to comply with applicable law, or protect the rights, property or safety of webcron, its employees, customers, or the public.
ChoiceYou may choose whether or not to provide Personal Information to webcron. The notice we intend to provide where webcron collects Personal Information on the Web should help you to make this choice. If you choose not to provide the Personal Information we request, you can still visit most of webcron’s Web pages, but you may be unable to access certain options, offers and services that involve our interaction with you.
Cookies and Other Tracking TechnologiesSome of our Web pages utilize "cookies" and other tracking technologies. A cookie is a small data file that certain Web sites write to your hard drive when you visit them. A cookie file can contain information such as a user ID that the site uses to track the pages you've visited, but the only personal information a cookie can contain is information you supply yourself. A cookie can't read data off your hard disk or read cookie files created by other sites. Some parts of webcron’s Web site use cookies to track user traffic patterns. We do this in order to determine the usefulness of webcron’s information to our users and to see how effective our navigational structure is in helping users reach that information. webcron does not correlate this information with data about individual users, nor does it share this information or sell it to any third partyYou may set most browsers to notify you if you receive a cookie or you may choose to block cookies with your browser, but please note that if you choose to erase or block your cookies, you will need to re-enter your original user ID and password to gain access to certain parts of the Web site.Tracking technologies may record information such as Internet domain and host names; Internet protocol (IP) addresses; browser software and operating system types; clickstream patterns; and dates and times that our site is accessed. Our use of cookies and other tracking technologies allows us to improve our Web site and your Web experience. We may also analyze information that does not contain Personal Information for trends and statistics.
User ConsentBy using this Web site, you consent to the terms of webcron’s Privacy Policy and to our processing of Personal Information for the purposes given above as well as those explained where webcron collects Personal Information on the web. webcron reserves the right to change the terms of its privacy policy at any time. If we do change this privacy policy, we will post the changes on this Web site. We encourage you to review this privacy policy each time you visit our Web site to make sure you understand our current policy on collecting and using information collected through our Web site. If you have any inquiries or complaints you may contact us.
Server time:
Europe/Paris
Solutions
Services & Support
API Documentation
Monitoring
News
API Webcron Kit PHP
Crontab
Contact
Sitemap
Monitoring Stations
Prices
Testimonials
Time Zones
Mentions
© 2015 Webcron.org
privacy - Founded by Emmanuel FAIVRE in 2001