https://www.infiniteelectronics.com/privacy-policy
Skip to content
privacy policy
Infinite Electronics is committed to protecting the privacy of your personal information and will do so in accordance with all applicable laws.
What types of personal information do we collect and is it secure?
We collect personal information from you when you place an order, respond to a survey or fill out a form. When ordering or registering on our websites, you may be asked to enter your name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number, and credit card information.
Our websites are equipped with Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology. SSL protocol is the industry-standard to enable encrypted, authenticated communications across the Internet. SSL uses public key encryption mechanisms, one of the strongest encryption methods available to protect data sent over the Internet. Customer information sent is not discernible to anyone except the recipient. Browsers that support the SSL encryption technology are called secure browsers. Online orders must be placed from a secure browser. Most current browsers are secure, such as Google Chrome, Mozilla Firefox, Internet Explorer, and Apple Safari. Your browser will automatically enter the secure mode when you make purchases. If you do not have a secure browser and would like to place orders, please contact our Sales department for assistance.
Additionally, we use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, the industry-standard Internet security protocol, to secure your credit card information. It encrypts all of your personal information, including credit card number, name, and address, so that it cannot be read as it’s transferred over the Internet. We do not retain credit card information in our systems.
How do we use your personal information?
To process transactions. Your personal information will be used for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested;
To improve our website. We continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you. We also collect information on website traffic patterns on a macro-scale which is not tied directly to your personal information;
To improve customer service. Your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs;
To send periodic emails. The email address you provide for order processing, may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time, you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
To send product guide and other communications to keep you updated on our most current products and services. We may also use your address to send you occasionally new product announcements and our customer satisfaction survey, to help us know how we can improve our services and performance. You may elect to opt out of either of these uses of your mailing address by sending an email to optout@infiniteelectronics.com or by fax to 1-949-261-7451.
Do we share your personal information with 3rd parties?
We will not sell, rent or trade any customer personal information or contact information to third parties. Within Infinite Electronics, this information may be shared across subsidiary companies to better serve our customer community. We may disclose your information, without notice, to 3rd parties if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
Obey orders of the law or comply with a legal process served upon Infinite Electronics or a subsidiary company;
Protect and defend the rights or property of Infinite Electronics and its websites;
Act in urgent circumstances to protect an Infinite Electronics website, its employees or the public.
How can you review your personal information and request changes?
Please contact the subsidiary company Sales department directly and they will forward your call to the appropriate Marketing or Technical Services personnel.
How do we respond to “Do Not Track” signals or similar user notifications that we receive from your browser?
We do not track our customers over time and across third party websites to provide targeted advertising and therefore our websites do not respond to Do Not Track (DNT) signals.
Can third parties track your on-line activities while on our websites?
Some third-party sites do keep track of your browsing activities when they serve you content, which enables them to tailor what they present to you. If you are visiting such sites, you should be able to set the DNT signal on your browser so that third parties (particularly advertisers) know you do not want to be tracked.
What is our process for notifying users and visitors of changes to this policy?
We will update this policy as circumstances or technology changes without notification. If you are interested in these changes, we encourage you to periodically revisit our websites.
The effective date of this policy is 9/25/17.
Gabriel Gugliemli
Vice President, Product Management
In the role of Vice President of Product Management, Gabriel Guglielmi oversees all product management for Infinite Electronics’ global operations.
Gabriel brings more than 25 years of experience in the electronics components industry, serving in various senior management positions including General Manger at ST Microelectronics, Vice President of Business Development and Strategy at Smiths Connectors, and President of Interconnect Devices Inc (IDI). His leadership and product line management experience drove growth within these companies by focusing on developing and expanding product portfolios through internal product development and private labeling.
Gabriel has a Bachelor of Science degree in Mechanical Engineering from INSA in Lyon, France, and a Master’s degree in Strategic Management from HEC in Paris, France.
Penny Cotner
President and Chief Executive OfficerAs Infinite Electronics’ President and Chief Executive Officer, Penny leads the executive management team to drive growth and shareholder value.Penny joined Infinite in 2013, and brings over 25 years of experience in the Electronics industry, from engineering positions at Hughes Aircraft Company and with Rockwell’s Space Station Program, to leadership roles in Marketing and Sales Operations with Fortune 500 global Electronics Distributor, Arrow Electronics.Penny holds a B.S. in Electrical Engineering from California State – Northridge and an M.B.A. from UC – Irvine.
Jason Koshy
Vice President, Global Sales
As Infinite Electronics’ Global VP of Sales, Jason leads all sales teams, including Inside Sales & Service, Channel Sales and Installations.
Jason has more than 22 years of experience that covers all facets of the business, with past positions including Applications Engineer, Quality & Manufacturing Engineer, Regional Sales Manager, Director of Sales for North America and, most recently, VP of Sales for the Americas and ROW. Jason also participated in the integration of Kaelus, RadioWaves, PolyPhaser and Transtector into the Infinite Electronics brand family.
Jason holds a Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering from the University of South Florida.
Krishnan Iyer
Vice President, Information Technology
In the role of VP of Information Technology, Krishnan oversees all IT functions for Infinite Electronics’ global operations.
Krishnan has more than 30 years of broad-based technology experience in a variety of industries that encompass both publicly traded and privately held organizations, including Conexant, Capital Group and Schneider Electric. Krishnan’s experiences within these enterprises fostered multiple partnerships across varied functional areas, highlighting his ability to provide sound technology solutions that solve internal and external customers’ business issues.
Krishnan earned an MBA from Pepperdine University, a Master of Science degree in Computer Science from the Florida Institute of Technology, and Bachelor of Science degrees in Physics and Mathematics.
Brian McCutcheon
Vice President, Operations
Brian is Infinite’s Vice President of Operations, leading the management team responsible for six of Infinite Electronics’ logistics and productions facilities. His efforts focus on being an operational change agent for the transformation and integration of key business systems and processes.
Brian’s experience spans the scope of operations and business management functions. Prior to joining Infinite Electronics, Brian worked at two Fortune 500 companies. During his 15 years with Nokia, he held multiple management-level positions, including, Production Manager for its US-based, network equipment factory and Program Manager for carrier acceptance of network infrastructure installations and mobile device launches. While with Halliburton for nearly five years, he worked as an industrial engineer and was selected to participate in the company’s Management Training Program.
Brian has an Executive MBA from SMU Cox School of Business, and a Bachelor of Science degree in Industrial Engineering from Texas A&M University.
Scott Rosner
Chief Financial Officer
As CFO, Scott is responsible for Infinite Electronics’ global Accounting, Finance, Information Technology and M&A diligence functions.
Scott comes to Infinite Electronics with more than 25 years of accounting, finance, IT and HR experience, leading organizations such as Anchor Blue, APX Logistics, and the publicly traded House2Home/HomeBase. Scott’s most recent role was with CoolSys, Inc, where he was CFO.
Scott holds a B.A. in Accounting and an M.B.A. from Cal State Fullerton.
Jim Dauw
Chief Operating Officer
As COO, Jim is responsible for Infinite Electronics’ global operations strategy, implementation and facilities management.
Jim’s expertise includes more than 25 years of strategic and operational experience, leading global fortune 500 organizations such as ITT, GKN and Alcoa. Jim’s most recent role was with 3V Fasteners, where he was the President. Jim’s experience spans the scope of operations and business management functions.
Jim holds a B.A. in History from Michigan State University and an M.B.A. from Pepperdine University.
Frank Shambarger
Vice President, Human Resources
Frank is responsible for Infinite Electronics’ global human resources operations, leading organizational strategy, promoting operational effectiveness, and building a positive working culture.
With over 20 years of human resource management experience, Frank brings expertise in implementing change at all levels of a global, complex and dynamic organization, using human resource technologies to enhance bottom line results.
Prior to his tenure with Infinite Electronics, Frank held senior human resources roles at WEX Inc., Amistco Separation Products, Munters, M/A-COM and Tyco Electronics.
Frank holds a B.S. in Business Administration from the University of New Hampshire, and has studied Advanced Human Resource Management at the University of California, Los Angeles – Anderson School of Management.
Laurie Addison
Vice President, MarketingAs Infinite Electronics’ Vice President of Global Marketing, Laurie is responsible for driving all overarching marketing initiatives to grow the business.Laurie comes to Infinite with over 25 years of experience in the industrial electronic components and software industry – marketing for global distributors including Arrow Electronics, Ingram Micro, and for Schneider Electric’s Industrial Software division.Laurie holds a PhD in Organizational Leadership from Pepperdine University and an M.B.A from Regis University, B.S. Marketing.
Wesley Muddle
Vice President, FinanceAs Infinite Electronics’ VP of Finance, Wesley leads the financial planning, analysis and reporting team. He also provides financial expertise to cross-functional departments, including Operations, Sales, Marketing and Product Development.
Previously, Wesley served as a VP of Finance for Guitar Center, where he managed various financial activities for the private equity owned retailer. He also developed and drove significant growth in warranty, private label credit card and gift card business lines. Prior to Guitar Center, Wesley held key financial roles for public companies, including Intermix Media and Nielsen Holdings.
After earning his Bachelor of Science degree in Accounting and graduating Magnum Cum Laude from Ithaca College in New York, Wesley obtained his CPA license while working at PricewaterhouseCoopers.
Mike Braun
Vice President, Procurement
Serving as Infinite Electronics’ VP of Procurement, Mike Braun leads the company’s supply chain to effectively manage relationships with suppliers and vendors, ensuring production delivers on time.
Mike has more than 30 years of materials management experience. He joined L-com in 2014 as Director of Supply Chain. In 2017, Mike was promoted to his current position as Infinite Electronics’ Vice President of Procurement, where he oversees the company’s global material planning, shipping, and purchasing and supplier negotiations. Previously, he held the position of Director of Materials and Logistics for Inalfa Roof Systems and Corporate Materials Manager for Fisher Dynamics.
Mike earned a Bachelor’s degree in Finance from Michigan State University, and Master of Science degree in Management from Walsh College.
Pete Foley
Vice President, Mergers & Acquisitions
As Infinite Electronics’ VP of Mergers and Acquisitions, Pete is focused on maintaining a robust pipeline of potential acquisitions, and on the process associated with this important effort.
Pete joined Infinite Electronics during the acquisition of Integrated Network Cable (INC), retaining the role of President of INC, and was responsible for this stand-alone division of Infinite Electronics. Pete came to Infinite Electronics with more than 16 years of experience in the connectivity industry. During his tenure as Owner and President of INC, the business grew to offer a full range of voice, video and data network installation services that included the eCommerce brands Show Me Cables®, Triangle Cables® and ECore Cables®.
Pete holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Business Administration from Central Connecticut State University, and a Master’s degree in Marketing from Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute.
David Quinn
Chief Revenue Officer
As Infinite Electronics’ CRO, David is responsible for driving revenue growth by leveraging and aligning revenue-generating departments and overseeing the company’s strategic planning initiatives and acquisitions.
David comes to Infinite Electronics with more than 30 years of strategic business development experience in the wireless industry. Prior to joining Infinite Electronics, David was the VP of Business Development and Strategy at Smiths Microwave Telecoms, Managing Director of the Coverage Solutions Division at Powerwave Technologies Inc., and the President & CEO of Kaval Wireless Technologies Inc. David began his career at Motorola, developing wireless network systems.
David holds a Bachelor of Engineering Degree in Computer Engineering from McMaster University and is a licensed P. Eng. and a certified PMP.