http://www.hdfgroup.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Last Updated September 6, 2016
This Privacy Policy discloses the information practices of The HDF Group (”HDF Group”) applicable to this website www.hdfgroup.org (the “Site”). For purposes of this Privacy Policy, “HDF Group” means and includes HDF Group and its affiliates and subsidiaries and its and their investors, officers, directors, employees, agents, representatives and assigns. We encourage you to read this Privacy Policy carefully. Terms not defined in this Privacy Policy shall have the meaning set forth in the HDF Group Terms of Service. By accessing, viewing, and/or using the Site, each user (individually, “User” and collectively, “Users”) understands and agrees to the privacy practices contained herein. If you object to anything in this Privacy Policy or the HDF Group Terms of Service, or otherwise do not understand or agree to be bound by this Privacy Policy or the HDF Group Terms of Service, do not use the Site and exit immediately.
1. Notice of Privacy Policy Changes
Users may print a copy of this Privacy Policy by using the print button or feature in the browser. HDF Group suggests retaining a copy of this Privacy Policy for future reference. HDF Group may update this Privacy Policy to reflect changes to information practices. If any material changes are made, Users will be notified by email (sent to the e-mail address provided) or by means of a notice on the Site prior to the change becoming effective. Users are encouraged to periodically review this page for the latest information on the HDF Group information practices.
2. Information Collection, Use and Removal
HDF Group collects, stores, analyzes and uses information, content and materials Users post on the Site, submit to HDF Group and/or submit to other Users on or through the Site or by any other medium or method, including without limitation contact information (such as name, email address and physical address) and financial information (such as credit card number and expiration date) (collectively, “User Information”). User information will be used by HDF Group or third parties on HDF Group ’s behalf for purposes relating to the Site including, without limitation fulfilment of orders, billing, payment, marketing and customer service matters. User consents to the collection, storage, analysis and use of User Information as set forth in this Privacy Policy and the HDF Group Terms of Service. HDF Group may also collect, store, analyze and use information about Users provided by others for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy and in the HDF Group Terms of Service, including without limitation payment processing services, and other online and offline sources. For assistance in removing User Information from HDF Group’s database, please contact us at info@hdfgroup.org.
3. Use of Tracking Technologies. HDF Group and third parties on HDF Group’s behalf use various tracking technologies, including without limitation cookies, web beacons, tokens, device fingerprinting, web analytics and other click stream data, to collect, store, analyze, use and disclose information from and about Users’ devices, Users’ activities on the Site and Users’ activities on the Internet, generally, in order to:
facilitate access to the Site.
offer a personalized experience when visiting the Site and using the Internet, generally
deliver the products and services requested.
manage User accounts and provide Users with customer support.
perform research and analysis about the use of, or interest in, HDF Group products, services, or content, or products, services or content offered by third parties
communicate by e-mail, postal mail, telephone and/or mobile devices about products or services that may be of interest to Users either from HDF Group or other third parties
track Users’ use of the Site, advertisements or e-mail messages
develop, deliver and display targeted content and advertising on the Site and other websites
measure the effectiveness of online advertising, content, programming or other activities
verify eligibility and deliver prizes in connection with promotions, sweepstakes and contests
enforce our Terms of Service
process payment for any purchases made on the Site
protect against or identify possible fraudulent transactions
perform functions as otherwise needed to manage HDF Group’s business and
perform functions as otherwise described to Users at the time of collection.
4. Information Sharing.HDF Group will disclose User Information to third parties only in the ways and for the purposes that are described in this Privacy Policy and the HDF Group Terms of Service. HDF Group may disclose User Information in HDF Group’s sole discretion: (a) to third parties that provide services on behalf of HDF Group  and/or in connection with the Site; (b) if required or permitted pursuant to any applicable law, regulation, or court or administrative order; (c) in connection with any User’s violation of or to otherwise enforce HDF Group’s rights under the Terms of Service or other agreements with HDF Group; (d) to protect the property of HDF Group; or (e) to protect the personal safety and/or rights of employees of HDF Group, other Users, or members of the public. Further, and notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, HDF Group may transfer, sell and/or distribute User Information to third parties: (x) for the satisfaction of any debt or upon liquidation of HDF Group should such a situation arise; (y) to a purchaser or transferee of all or a portion of HDF Group’s assets in conjunction with the sale or transfer of such assets; and/or (z) with the exception of financial information, at or for any other purpose in HDF Group’s sole discretion.
5. Consent. By using this Site, User consents to HDF Group’s collection, storage, analysis, use and disclosure of User Information as set forth in this Privacy Policy and the HDF Group Terms of Service.
6. Third Party Websites. The Site may contain third party advertising and links to third party websites. HDF Group is not responsible for the privacy practices or policies of these advertisers or websites. Please contact such advertisers or websites directly for more information about their privacy practices. HDF Group expressly disclaims, and each User expressly releases HDF Group from, any and all liability whatsoever for any controversies, claims, suits, injuries and/or damages, arising from and/or in any way related to third party advertisers and/or the use of links to third party websites that may appear on the Site, including without limitation such websites’ availability, privacy policies, content, advertising, and/or products or other materials.
7. Security. The Site uses reasonable security measures in an attempt to keep User Information secure, including without limitation Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology for sensitive User Information such as financial information. However, no data transmitted over or accessible through the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, HDF Group does not represent or warrant that User Information will be completely secure from misappropriation by hackers or from other nefarious or criminal activities, or in the event of a failure of computer hardware, software, or a telecommunications network. Any User Information is provided at User’s own risk. HDF Group expressly disclaims any and all liability whatsoever for any controversies, claims, suits, injuries and/or damages, arising from and/or in any way related to any User Information, including without limitation to any acts by other Users or third parties with respect to such User Information.
8. Information Retention Policy. HDF Group may retain User Information for an indefinite length of time in order to preserve the integrity of the HDF Group databases, among other reasons. User consents to HDF Group’s storage of all such User Information for this indefinite length of time, at HDF Group’s sole discretion. If required by law, as is the case to comply with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), HDF Group will delete User Information by erasing it from HDF Group’s database upon request.  HDF Group will also respond to written member requests to nullify User Information that is eligible for nullification in accordance with HDF Group’s then-current policies. However, HDF Group will retain and use User Information as necessary to comply with legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce HDF Group’s Terms of Service or other agreements. Any requests for such nullification will require verification of User’s identity. For nullification of User Information, or if you have any questions regarding this policy, please contact HDF Group at info@hdfgroup.org.
9. Electronic Communications from HDF Group. By using this Site, Users consent to HDF Group and/or third parties acting on behalf of HDF Group sending to User electronic messages relating to the Site and the business of HDF Group. Users may not opt-out of receiving administrative emails.
10. Public Forums. Any User Information disclosed in public areas of the Site, such as message boards, job boards, blogs, Facebook or Twitter spaces, becomes publicly-available information and Users should exercise caution when deciding to disclose such User Information publicly. HDF Group expressly disclaims, and each User expressly releases HDF Group from, any and all liability whatsoever for any controversies, claims, suits, injuries and/or damages, arising from and/or in any way related to any User Information, including without limitation to any acts by Users with respect to such User Information.
11. Protection of Children’s Privacy. While users of any age may enjoy the HDF Group Site, we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If you are under 13 years of age, do not use the HDF Group site without the express consent of supervising adult. If we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we will delete it. Note to parents: If your child is under 13 years of age and has become a HDF Group member using a false age, please notify us at info@hdfgroup.org so that we can immediately close the account and nullify all personally-identifiable information collected from them. To do so, you will need to provide your full name, address, phone number, e-mail address and child’s User name.
12. Miscellaneous.
Social Media (Features) and Widgets. Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on the Site. User interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
Testimonials. HDF Group posts customer testimonials on the Site which may contain personal information. HDF Group obtains the User’s consent via email prior to posting the testimonial to post User’s name along with User’s testimonial. If User needs to have User Information removed from User’s testimonial, please contact HDF Group at info@hdfgroup.org. In some cases, HDF Group may not be able to remove User Information, in which case HDF Group will let User know if unable to do so and why.
Surveys. From time-to-time HDF Group may provide Users the opportunity to participate in contests or surveys on the Site. If Users participate, certain User Information will be requested. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and Users therefore have a choice whether or not to disclose this User Information.
13. Contacting HDF Group. If you have questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact HDF Group at info@hdfgroup.org.
[ Placeholder content for popup link ]
WordPress Download Manager - Best Download Management Plugin
Close