http://www.cablenet.co.uk/privacy
About
About Us
Contact Us
Services
Delivery Information
FAQs
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
GDPR
Sitemap
Login / Sign up
+44 1276 405300sales@cablenet.co.uk
0
Items in your Basket 0
Total
£0.00
View shopping Basket
Show Main Categories
Copper Patch Leads
Cat5e U/UTP PVC Patch Leads
Cat5e U/UTP LSOH Patch Leads
Cat5e U/UTP PE External Patch Leads
Cat6 U/UTP PVC Patch Leads
Cat6 U/UTP LSOH Patch Leads
Cat6 F/UTP (Shielded) Patch Leads
Cat6 U/UTP Crossover PVC Patch Leads
Cat6 U/UTP PE External Patch Leads
Cat6a S/FTP LSOH Patch Leads
Cat6a U/FTP Slim Snagless Patch Leads
Cat6a U/UTP PE External Patch Leads
Cat8 Patch Leads
Copper Networking
Cat5e Network Cable
Cat6 Network Cable
Cat6a Network Cable
Modules & Jacks
Patch Panels
Adaptors, Faceplates & Back Boxes
Cable Management
Couplers
RJ45 Plugs, Boots & Security
IP68 Industrial Cable Solution
Voice Products & Panels
Tooling & Testers
Fibre Networking
Fibre Optic Pigtails
Fibre Optic Patch Leads
Minizip Patch Leads
IP68 Outdoor Fibre Patch Lead
Uniboot Patch Leads
MPO Fibre Cables
Fibre Optic Bulk Cables
Fibre
Optic Patch Panels
Fibre Optic Accessories, Couplers & Testers
Power Leads & PDUs
UK Mains Cables
International Mains Cables
IEC Extension Leads
LSOH Power Leads
Commando
Power leads
Locking Power Leads
UK Trailing Sockets
Plugs, Connectors & Adapters
Power Cable
PDU UK Horizontal
PDU UK Vertical
PDU IEC C13 Horizontal
PDU IEC C13 Vertical
POD Desktop Power
Intelligent Power & Active
Raritan
Enlogic
Austin Hughes
Planet
Brainboxes
Advance
PatchSee
Computer Cables
USB Cables & Adaptors
Digital & Analogue Adaptors
Cisco Compatible
HDMI Cables
DVI & Display Port Cables
Audio Cables
Serial RS232 Cables
SVGA Cables
AV & Security
BNC Cable Assemblies
Coaxial Cable
BNC Plugs, Boots, Adaptors
BNC Tools
MultiMedia
MuxLab
Neutrik
HDMI Cables
Audio Cables
Cabinets & Cable Management
Usystems Cabinets
Wall Cabinets
2 & 4 Post Rack
10inch Cabinet (SOHO)
Cabinet & Rack Accessories
Cable Management
Back Boxes
POD Boxes
Flexible Conduit
Cable Matting
PVC Insulation Tape
Velcro
Cable Ties
Braided Sleeving
Cable Protection Strips
Cable
Cat5e Cable
Cat6 Cable
Cat6a Cable
Audio/Speaker Cable
Belden Equivalent
Coaxial Cable & Power
Telecom Cable
Fibre Optic Bulk Cable
Tasker
Show Sub Menu
News
About Us
Contact Us
Services
Delivery Information
FAQs
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
GDPR
Sitemap
Cablenet Trading Ltd – Privacy Notice
Cablenet Trading Limited is a leading importer and distributor of IT networking, cabling and power products operating across the UK, trading under a number of brands including Cablenet, ConnectorCo, and Netshop and to do this in an effective way, we collect and use personal data.
Who is the Data Controller?
We are the ‘controller’ for the personal data that we gather from yourself.
You can contact us by telephone on 01276 405300, or email gdpr@cablenet.co.uk or write to:
Cablenet Trading Ltd, 2A Albany Park, Frimley Road, Camberley, Surrey, GU16 7PL, UK.
Purpose of processing and lawful bases for such processing
The purpose of processing is to provide a first-class service to our clients.
The lawful bases that this is based upon follows:
Performance of a contract, the processing is necessary for a contract we have with the individual, or because they have asked us to take specific steps before entering into a contract.
Compliance with legal obligation, the processing is necessary for us to comply with the law (not including contractual obligations).
Consent: the processing is necessary for a contract we have with the individual, or because we have asked you to take specific steps before entering into a contract.
Legitimate interests of ourselves and client, the processing is necessary for our and your legitimate interests or the interests of a third party unless there is good reason to protect the individual’s personal data which overrides those legitimate interests.
Rights for Individuals
Data protection legislation gives individuals rights relating to the processing of their personal information. If you wish to exercise your rights, please submit a request via email to gdpr@cablenet.co.uk and the company will respond within 28 days. We may seek clarification as to your identity before proceeding and importantly there is no fee for this service.
Your rights are:
Right to be informed – obligation to provide ‘fair processing information’ through privacy notices.
Right of access – individuals must be able to access their data to ensure that it is being processed lawfully.
Right to rectification – you have a right to have inaccurate personal data rectified or completed if it is incomplete.
Right to be forgotten (is not absolute and only applies in certain circumstances) – you have the right to erase all your personal data.
Right to Restrict processing – you have the right to request the restriction or suppression of their personal data. This is not an absolute right and only applies in certain circumstances.
Right to data portability – you have the right to have your personal data ported to yourself or to another controller in a commonly-used, structured and machine-readable format.
Right to object – you have the right to object, on grounds relating to your particular situation, at any time to processing of personal data.
You have the right to complain to the Information Commissioner – www.ico.org.uk
Personal Information You Choose to Provide
Registration information
When you register you will provide the following information;
Name
Email address
Telephone numbers, mobile and landline
Company Name
IP Address may be captured
Email information
If you choose to correspond with us through email, we may retain the content of your email messages together with your email address and our responses.
What about other web sites linked to our web site;
We are not responsible for the practices employed by web sites linked to or from our web site or the information or content contained therein. Often links to other web sites are provided solely as pointers to information on topics that may be useful to the users of our web site.
Please remember that when you use a link to go from our website to another web site, our Privacy notice is no longer in effect. Your browsing and interaction on any other web site, including web sites, which have a link on our website, is subject to that web site’s own rules and policies.
How do we process the information that you provide to us;
All the personal data will be processed and stored by us on your behalf within the UK or on computer servers within the European Economic Area.
We will use the personal data we collect to ensure you receive prompt service and to improve your interaction with us.
The data is used to manage your specific needs in relation to the customers personal care and other general enquiries.
The legal basis for processing your personal data for the above purposes is mentioned in section B. (1) – (4)
How long do we Retain Personal Information;
All personal information including email correspondence will be retained for a necessary period of 7 years as per our legal obligations or industry best practice. Employee details other than those of a financial baring will be kept for the duration of employment, details of unsuccessful employment applicants will be kept for 3 months.
Recipients of your information;
To the extent that it is necessary to meet our legitimate interests your data may be disclosed to;
Banks
Solicitors
HMRC
IT Providers and Website developers
Cookies
Our Website uses cookies, further information can be found using the following (link)
Notification of Changes to our Privacy Statement;
We will post details of any changes to our privacy statement on this website to help make sure you are kept up to date, always aware of the information we collect, how we use it, and in what circumstances, if any, we share it with other parties. This privacy statement was updated in February 2019.
Further Information
If you require further information about the use of your data or wish to make a Rights request relating to your personal data processed by us, please contact gdpr@cablenet.co.uk
Solutions
Copper Patch Leads
Copper Networking
Fibre Networking
Power Leads & PDUs
Intelligent Power & Active
Computer Cables
AV & Security
Cabinets & Cable Management
Cable
About
About Us
Contact Us
Services
Delivery Information
FAQs
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
GDPR
Sitemap
Get In Touch
Cablenet
AGP House, 2a Albany Park
Frimley Road ,
Camberley
GU16 7PL
UK
Tel:01276 405300Email:sales@cablenet.co.uk
Cablenet community
News
Linked In
Twitter
Copyright ©2017 Cablenet Ltd. All rights reserved. E&oE.
Cablenet Trading Limited. Registered in England No. 3342336