http://www.cybertechhelp.com/legal/privacy.php
Privacy Policy : Cyber Tech Help
www.cybertechhelp.com | home
send
to a friend
print
version
text
version
add
to favourites
Community
Computer Help Forums
Off-Topic Forums
Computing News
Free Newsletter
About Us
New Tutorials
How To Send Bulk Emails using Outlook ExpressDevice Manager BasicsHow to delete files and foldersHow to clear your AutoComplete HistoryHow to create folders
New Downloads
Ultimate Boot CD Full 87MB[ Info ]Process Viewer 370Kb[ Info ]WinSCP 2.3MB[ Info ]WinPcap 540Kb[ Info ]Wireshark 21.2MB[ Info ]
Member Testimonials
I would just like to compliment you on an EXCELLENT web site. I was also having trouble with "Blank.Exe". Google put me in touch with yourselves after having sought a solution through them, hence I have signed up with you. I am impressed with the wealth of infomation on your site, and am learning a lot.
Thank you - jopra
MY CYBER TECH HELP
Sign Up!
CTH
LATEST TOPICS
Select a Forum:
--------------------
Operating Systems:
--------------------
Windows 95
Windows 98
Windows ME
Windows XP
Windows NT, 2000, 2003
Windows Vista
Windows 7
Linux
Macintosh
--------------------
Hardware:
--------------------
Hardware
Networking
--------------------
Software:
--------------------
Applications
Gaming
Internet / Browsers
Malware Removal
Webdesign & Graphics
--------------------
General:
--------------------
Comments & Suggestions
The Anything Else Forum
Open Discussion
--------------------
Free Antivirus Scan
Free Virus Scan and a listing of
the top 10 viruses in the wild - Free Antivirus Scan
File Extension Database
Find what program a filetype belongs to in our searchable File Extension Database.
Related Microsoft Links
Technet
Expert Zone Community
to top
Legal Notice
|
Privacy Policy
Please note: if you have any questions about the Cyber Tech Help™ Privacy Policy please contact us.
Cyber Tech Help has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this website: Cyber Tech Help.
IP and Cookies
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Web site. We use cookies to save your password so you don't have to re-enter it each time you visit our site. (We use cookies to store visitors preferences).
Ad Servers
With respect to Ad Servers: Cyber Tech Help partners with Google to provide content relevent image and text-based adverts only.
Registration
Our site's registration form requires users to give us contact information (like their name and email address). The customer's contact information is used to contact the visitor when necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below.
Links
This site contains links to other sites. Cyber Tech Help is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Public Forums
This site makes chat rooms, forums, message boards, and/or news groups available to its users. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information.
Security
With respect to security: We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site.
Choice/Opt-Out
Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us and our partners at the point where we request information about the visitor.
This site gives users the following options for removing their information from our database to not receive future communications or to no longer receive our service. You can use our contact form to contact us directly regarding this issue.
Contacting the Website
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, your dealings with this Web site, or if you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us using our contact form.
Help Forums | Tutorials | Downloads | News | Other Resources
Home | Site Help | About Us | Subscriptions | Services | Contact Us
Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Advertising | SyndicationCopyright © 2000-2020 Cyber Tech Help
web development & css by Vivid
web design by Ceonex