http://www.freecenter.com/privacy.html
Join our Mailing
List!
Join our mailing list and get the web's greatest freebies e-mailed to you every other week!
FreeCenter.com - the web's best freebies all in one place!
For Everybody
Free Advice
Contests
E-books
Email Accounts
Entertainment
Free Fonts
Internet Access
Magazines
Free Music
Misc. Stuff
Free Money!
Planners and Blogs
Chat and Pagers
Real Stuff
Voicemail & More
Free Software
Other Free Sites
Webmaster Stuff
Banner Exchange
Hosted Scripts
CGI and PHP Scripts
Chat Rooms
Free Counters
Free Forms
Custom Graphics
Graphics and Clip Art
Free Guestbook
Free Homepages
HTML Verifiers
Free Javascripts
Mailing Lists
Misc. Stuff
Free Message Boards
Free Money!
Free Promotion
Free URL Shorteners
Cheap Stuff
Cheap Webhosting
Books on Free Stuff
Other Stuff
Link To Us!
Search FreeCenter
Newest Freebies
Privacy Statement for Free Center
Amusive Communications has created this privacy statement in order to
demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy.
The following discloses our
information gathering and dissemination practices for this website: Free Center.We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server,
and to administer our Web site.
Our site uses cookies to make sure you don't see the same ad repeatedly, and to assure that you only see our 'subscribe' popup once.Our site's mailing list requires users to give us contact information (email address).
Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below.
We do not share registration information with any outside source for any reason.This site contains links to other sites.
Free Center is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.We use an outside ad company to display ads on our site.
These ads may contain cookies.
While we use cookies in other parts of our Web site, cookies received with banner ads are collected by our ad company, and we do not have access to this information.Public Forums
This site makes forums available to its users.
Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information.Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control.Choice/Opt-OutOur site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us at the point where we request information about the visitor.This site gives users the following options for removing their information from our database to not receive future communications or to no longer receive our service.
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the
practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site,
you can contact
Jim Reardon
Amusive Communications
3906 Wallingford Ave N.
Seattle, WA 98103
Copyright © 1999-2014 by Jim Reardon and Amusive Communications, All Rights Reserved.
View our privacy policy.