https://www.qoppa.com/privacy/
Qoppa Software Privacy PolicyHome » PrivacyQoppa Software, LLC (“Qoppa”) is committed to respecting your privacy and taking all reasonable efforts to protect your information.Updated Nov 7, 2018What this policy coversYour privacy is important to us, and so is being transparent about how we collect, use, and share information about you. This policy is intended to help you understand:What information we collectHow we use information we collectHow we share information we collectHow we store and secure information we collectHow to access and control your informationHow we transfer information we collect internationallyOther important privacy informationThis Privacy Policy covers the information we collect about you when you use our products or otherwise interact with us (for example, via our support channels), unless a different policy is displayed. We and us refers to Qoppa Software©. We offer a range of products and refer to all of these products, together with our other services and websites as “Services” in this policy.This policy also explains your choices about how we use information about you. Your choices include how you can object to certain uses of information about you and how you can access certain information about you. If you do not agree with this policy, do not access or use our Services or interact with any other aspect of our business.What information do we collect?We collect information so that we can provide the best possible experience when you utilize our Services. We collect information about you when you provide it to us, when you use our Services, and when other sources provide it to us, as further described below.Information you provide to usWe collect information about you when you input it into the Services or otherwise provide it directly to us.Payment Information: We collect some or all of the following information when you purchase products or services from us: your name, email address, mailing address, telephone number, company name, company address and job title. Credit card transactions are processed directly by our payment gateway providers and we at Qoppa do not access nor store any of your financial information. All supplied sensitive/credit information is handled directly by our payment gateway providers which are required to keep the information confidential and only accessible to authorized users with special access rights to such systems.Information you provide through our support channels: The Services also include our customer support, where you may choose to submit information regarding a problem you are experiencing with a Service. Whether you designate yourself as an admin or billing contact, open a support ticket, speak to one of our representatives directly or otherwise engage with our support team, you will be asked to provide contact information, a summary of the problem you are experiencing, and any other documentation, sample documents, screenshots or information that would be helpful in resolving the issue.Content you provide through our websites: The Services also include our websites owned or operated by us. We collect other content that you submit to these websites, which include social media or social networking websites operated by us. For example, you provide content to us when you provide feedback, upload files or documents to our demo applications, or when you participate in any interactive features, surveys, contests, promotions, activities or events.Community Forums: We may from time to time provide chat sessions and rooms, forums, message boards and/or bulletin boards for users to receive information about products and various topics. Please remember that any information disclosed in these areas may be viewed by other users of the site. If you post on any of these areas, please use care not to disclose any personal or company identifying information.Information we collect automatically when you use the ServicesWe collect information about you when you use our Services, including browsing our websites and taking certain actions within the Services.Device and Connection Information: We collect information about the computer you use to access the Services. This device information includes your connection type and settings when you install, access, update, or use our Services. We also collect information through your device about your operating system, browser type, IP address, URLs of referring/exit pages, device identifiers, and crash data. We use your IP address and/or country preference in order to approximate your location to provide you with a better Service experience. How much of this information we collect depends on the type and settings of the device you use to access the Services.Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies: We use Cookies and similar technologies on our websites to allow us to track your browsing behavior, links clicked, items purchased, your device type, and to collect various data, including analytics, about how you use and interact with our Services. We may use both session cookies (which expire once you close your web browser) and persistent cookies (which stay on your computer or mobile device until you delete them). We also use cookies to help us provide international language support the Google Translator integrated into our website.We don’t sell the information collected by cookies, nor do we disclose the information to third parties, except where required by law (for example to government bodies and law enforcement agencies).You can typically remove or reject cookies via your browser settings. In order to do this, follow the instructions provided by your browser (usually located within the “settings”, “help” “tools” or “edit” facility). Many browsers are set to accept cookies until you change your settings.Further information about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set on your computer or mobile device and how to manage and delete them, visit www.allaboutcookies.org and www.youronlinechoices.com.Cookies we useOur Services uses the following types of cookies for the purposes set out below:Analytics and Performance Cookies: We use Google Analytics for this purpose. Google Analytics uses its own cookies. The information gathered does not identify any individual visitor. The information is aggregated and therefore anonymous. It includes the number of visitors to our Services, the websites that referred them to our Services, the pages that they visited on our Services, what time of day they visited our Services, whether they have visited our Services before, and other similar information.  You can find out more information about Google Analytics cookies here: https://developers.google.com/analytics/resources/concepts/gaConceptsCookiesYou can find out more about how Google protects your data here: www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.htmlYou can prevent the use of Google Analytics relating to your use of our Services by downloading and installing the browser plugin available via this link: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptoutSocial Media Cookies: These cookies are used when you share information using a social media sharing button or “like” button on our Services or you link your account or engage with our content on or through a social networking website such as Facebook, LinkedIn or Twitter. The social network will record that you have done this.Do Not Track’ notification: Some browsers allow you to automatically notify websites you visit not to track you using a “Do Not Track” signal. There is no standard or consensus among industry participants as to what “Do Not Track” means in this context. Like many websites and online services, we currently do not alter our practices when we receive a “Do Not Track” signal from a visitor’s browser. To find out more about “Do Not Track,” you may wish to visit www.allaboutdnt.com.Information we receive from other sourcesWe receive information about you from other Service users, from third-party services.Other users of the Services: Other users of our Services may provide information about you when they submit content through the Services. For example, you may be mentioned in a support ticket opened by someone else. Similarly, an administrator may provide your contact information when they designate you as the billing or admin on your company’s account.Other services you link to your account: We receive information about you when you or your administrator integrate or link a third-party service with our Services. For example, if you create an account or log into the Services using your Google credentials, we receive your name and email address as permitted by your Google profile settings in order to authenticate you. The information we receive when you link or integrate our Services with a third-party service depends on the settings, permissions and privacy policy controlled by that third-party service. You should always check the privacy settings and notices in these third-party services to understand what data may be disclosed to us or shared with our Services.Qoppa Partners and Resellers: We work with a variety of Resellers who provide purchasing and other services around our products. We receive information from these resellers, such as billing information, contact information, company name, what Qoppa Sofware products you have purchased or may be interested in.reCAPTCHA: We use the reCAPTCHA service provided by Google Inc. (Google) to protect your submissions via internet submission forms on this site. This plugin checks if you are a person in order to prevent certain website functions from being (ab)used by spam bots (particularly comments). This plugin query includes the sending of the IP address and possibly other data required by Google for the Google reCAPTCHA service. For this purpose your input will be communicated to and used by Google. However, your IP address is previously truncated by Google within member states of the European Union or in other states which are party to the agreement on the European Economic Area and is, as such, anonymized. Only in exceptional cases is a full IP address transmitted to a Google server in the United States and truncated there. On behalf of the operator of this website, Google will use this information to evaluate your use of this service. The IP address provided by reCaptcha from your browser shall not be merged with any other data from Google.This data collection is subject to the data protection regulations of Google (Google Inc.). For more information about Google’s privacy policy, please visit: https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/By using the reCAPTCHA service, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.How we use information we collectWe strongly believe in both minimizing the data we collect and limiting its use and purpose to only that (1) for which we have been given permission, (2) as necessary to deliver the Services you purchase or interact with, or (3) as we might be required or permitted for legal compliance or other lawful purposes. These uses include:To provide the Services and personalize your experience: We use information about you to provide the Services to you, including to process transactions with you, provide customer support, and operate and maintain the Services. We may use your email domain to infer your affiliation with a particular organization or industry to personalize the content and experience you receive on our websites.For research and development: We are always looking for ways to make our Services smarter, faster, secure, integrated, and useful to you. We use collective learnings about how people use our Services and feedback provided directly to us to troubleshoot and to identify trends, usage, activity patterns and areas for integration and improvement of the Services. We also test and analyze certain new features with some users before rolling the feature out to all users.To communicate with you about the Services: We use your contact information to send transactional communications via email and within the Services, including confirming your purchases, reminding you of subscription expirations, responding to your comments, questions and requests, providing customer support, and sending you technical notices, updates, security alerts, and administrative messages. We also send you communications as you onboard to a particular Service to help you become more proficient in using that Service. These communications are part of the Services and in most cases you cannot opt out of them. If an opt out is available, you will find that option within the communication itself or in your account settings. For Google Play customers, Qoppa will respect the “Email Marketing” field located under your customer information and will not send emails if this field is unchecked. Qoppa does not support spamming and any email sent will fully comply with the CAN-SPAM Act.To market, promote and drive engagement with the Services: We use your contact information and information about how you use the Services to send promotional communications that may be of specific interest to you, including by email and by displaying Qoppa Software ads on other companies’ websites and applications, as well as on platforms like Facebook and Google. These communications are aimed at driving engagement and maximizing what you get out of the Services, including information about new features, survey requests, newsletters, and events we think may be of interest to you. We also communicate with you about new product offers, promotions and contests. You can control whether you receive these communications as described below under “Opt-out of communications.”For Customer support: We use your information to resolve technical issues you encounter, to respond to your requests for assistance, to analyze crash information, and to repair and improve the Services.For safety and security: We use information about you and your Service use to verify accounts and activity, to monitor suspicious or fraudulent activity and to identify violations of Service policies.To protect our legitimate business interests and legal rights: Where required by law or where we believe it is necessary to protect our legal rights, interests and the interests of others, we use information about you in connection with legal claims, compliance, regulatory, and audit functions, and disclosures in connection with the acquisition, merger or sale of a business.With your consent: We use information about you where you have given us consent to do so for a specific purpose not listed above. For example, we may publish testimonials or featured customer stories to promote the Services, with your permission.If you have consented to our use of information about you for a specific purpose, you have the right to change your mind at any time, but this will not affect any processing that has already taken place. Where we are using your information because we or a third party (e.g. your employer) have a legitimate interest to do so, you have the right to object to that use though, in some cases, this may mean no longer using the Services.How we share information we collectWe do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.Compliance with legal, regulatory and law enforcement requestsWe cooperate with government and law enforcement officials and private parties to enforce and comply with the law. We will disclose any information about you to government or law enforcement officials or private parties as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate to respond to claims and legal process (such as subpoena requests), to protect our property and rights or the property and rights of a third party, to protect the safety of the public or any person, or to prevent or stop activity we consider to be illegal or unethical.To the extent we are legally permitted to do so, we will take reasonable steps to notify you in the event that we are required to provide your personal information to third parties as part of legal process.Website analyticsWe use web analytics tools provided by service partners such as Google Analytics to collect information about how you interact with our website or mobile applications, including what pages you visit, what site you visited prior to visiting our website, how much time you spend on each page, what operating system and web browser you use and network and IP information. We use the information provided by these tools to improve our Services. These tools place persistent cookies in your browser to identify you as a unique user the next time you visit our website. Each cookie cannot be used by anyone other than the service provider (ex: Google for Google Analytics). The information collected from the cookie may be transmitted to and stored by these service partners on servers in a country other than the country in which you reside. Though information collected does not include personal data such as name, address, billing information, etc., the information collected is used and shared by these service providers in accordance with their individual privacy policies. You can control the technologies we use by managing your settings through your browser or third-party tools, such as Disconnect, Ghostery and others.How we store and secure information we collectWe implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or submit your personal information.Credit card transactions are processed directly by our payment gateway providers and we at Qoppa do not access nor store any of your financial information. All supplied sensitive/credit information is handled directly by our payment gateway providers which are required to keep the information confidential and only accessible to authorized users with special access rights to such systems.We use data hosting service providers in the United States and host the information we collect, and we use technical measures to secure your data. Non-financial customer information such as name and email addresses may be stored on servers hosted by our internet provider and / or other service providers. Those parties are committed to data security and have agreed to keep this information confidential.While we implement safeguards designed to protect your information, no security system is impenetrable and due to the inherent nature of the Internet, we cannot guarantee that data, during transmission through the Internet or while stored on our systems or otherwise in our care, is absolutely safe from intrusion by others.How long we keep informationHow long we keep information we collect about you depends on the type of information, as described in further detail below. After such time, we will either delete or anonymize your information.Account information: We retain your account information for as long as your account is active and up to six months thereafter in case you decide to re-activate the Services. We also retain some of your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, to resolve disputes, to enforce our agreements, to support business operations, and to continue to develop and improve our Services.Managed accounts: If the Services are made available to you through an organization (e.g., your employer), we retain your information as long as required by the administrator of your account.Marketing information: If you have elected to receive marketing emails from us, we retain information about your marketing preferences for a reasonable period of time from the date you last expressed interest in our Services, such as when you last opened an email from us. We retain information derived from cookies and other tracking technologies for a reasonable period of time from the date such information was created.How to access and control your information:You have certain choices available to you when it comes to your information. Below is a summary of those choices, how to exercise them and any limitations.You have the right to request a copy of your information, to object to our use of your information (including for marketing purposes), to request the deletion or restriction of your information, or to request your information in a structured, electronic format. Below, we describe the tools and processes for making these requests. You may contact us as provided in the Contact Us section below to request assistance.Your request and choices may be limited in certain cases: for example, if fulfilling your request would reveal information about another person, or if you ask to delete information which we or your administrator are permitted by law or have compelling legitimate interests to keep. Where you have asked us to share data with third parties, for example, by installing third-party apps, you will need to contact those third-party service providers directly to have your information deleted or otherwise restricted. If you have unresolved concerns, you may have the right to complain to a data protection authority in the country where you live, where you work or where you feel your rights were infringed.Delete your information: To request deletion of your personal information, send an email to support@qoppa.com providing your name and email address. Once the request has been received it will be processed within 30 days. Please note, however, that we may need to retain certain information for record keeping purposes, to complete transactions or to comply with our legal obligations.Request that we stop using your information: In some cases, you may ask us to stop accessing, storing, using and otherwise processing your information where you believe we don’t have the appropriate rights to do so. For example, if you believe a Services account was created for you without your permission or you are no longer an active user, you can request that we delete your account as provided in this policy. Where you gave us consent to use your information for a limited purpose, you can contact us to withdraw that consent, but this will not affect any processing that has already taken place at the time. You can also opt-out of our use of your information for marketing purposes by contacting us, as provided below. When you make such requests, we may need time to investigate and facilitate your request. If there is delay or dispute as to whether we have the right to continue using your information, we will restrict any further use of your information until the request is honored or the dispute is resolved, provided your administrator does not object (where applicable). If you object to information about you being shared with a third-party integration, please disable the integration or contact your administrator to do so.Opt out of communications: You may opt out of receiving promotional communications from us by using the unsubscribe link within each email, or by contacting us as provided below to have your contact information removed from our promotional email list or registration database. Even after you opt out from receiving promotional messages from us, you will continue to receive transactional messages from us regarding our Services.How we transfer information we collect internationallyTransfer of personal data abroadIf you utilize our Services from a country other than the country where our servers are located, your communications with us may result in transferring your personal data across international borders. Also, when you call us or initiate a chat, we may provide you with support from outside your country of origin. In these cases, your personal data is handled according to this Privacy Policy.International transfers of information we collectWe collect information globally and primarily store that information in the United States. We transfer, process and store your information outside of your country of residence, to wherever we or our third-party service providers operate for the purpose of providing you the Services. Whenever we transfer your information, we take steps to protect it.International transfers to third parties: Some of the third parties described in this privacy policy, which provide services to us under contract, are based in other countries that may not have equivalent privacy and data protection laws to the country in which you reside.Other important privacy informationNotice to End UsersSome of our products are intended for use by organizations. Where the Services are made available to you through an organization (e.g. your employer), that organization is the administrator of the Services and is responsible for the accounts and/or Service sites over which it has control. If this is the case, please direct your data privacy questions to your administrator, as your use of the Services is subject to that organization’s policies. We are not responsible for the privacy or security practices of an administrator’s organization, which may be different than this policy.Administrators are able to:terminate your access to the Servicesinstall or uninstall third-party integrationsEven if the Services are not currently administered to you by an organization, if you use an email address provided by an organization (such as your work email address) to access the Services, then the owner of the domain associated with your email address (e.g. your employer) may assert administrative control over your account and use of the Services at a later date. You will be notified if this happens.Please contact your organization or refer to your administrator’s organizational policies for more information.Our policy towards childrenWe are in compliance with the requirements of EU’s General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) and the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance (“COPPA”).Our Services are available for purchase only for those over the age of 13.  Our Services are not targeted to, intended to be consumed by or designed to entice individuals under the age of 13. If you know of or have reason to believe anyone under the age of 18 has provided us with any personal data, please contact us.List of data sub-processorsQoppa Software collects information internationally, and uses hosting and cloud computing infrastructure located primarily in the United States to transfer, process and store information. In order to provide you with our service, we may also transfer your data to third-party services. Please refer to the table below for more information about why we use those third-party services, and where they are located.Entity NameData Processing PurposeLocationWebsiteGoogle, Inc.Analytics, Online Advertising, reCAPTCHAUSAhttps://www.google.com/Dropbox, Inc.Cloud Drive for customer supportUSAhttps://dropbox.comFacebook, Inc.Online Advertising, Social MediaUSAhttps://facebook.comBluehost IncWebsite hosting services, Database storageUSAhttps://www.bluehost.comAmazon.com, Inc.Website hosting servicesUSAhttps://aws.amazon.com/PayPal, Inc.Payment ProcessorUSAhttp://paypal.com/Atlassian, IncCustomer support & bug trackingUSAhttps://www.atlassian.com/SalesAgility Ltd.SuiteCRM customer relationship managementUSAhttps://suitecrm.com/Intuit Inc.Quickbooks billing and paymentsUSAhttps://quickbooks.intuit.com/RainFocus, Inc.Conference event marketingUSAhttps://www.rainfocus.com/ResultsMail™Email MarketingUSAhttps://www.resultsmail.com/Changes to our Privacy PolicyWe may modify or update this Privacy Policy from time to time. We encourage you to review our privacy policy whenever you use the Services to stay informed about our information practices and the ways you can help protect your privacy. If you use our Services after an update has been made to this Privacy Policy, you consent to the changed policy.If you disagree with any changes to this privacy policy, you will need to stop using the Services and delete your account(s), as outlined above.Contacting UsIf you have any questions, concerns or complaints about our Privacy Policy, our practices or our Services, you may contact our Office by email at info@qoppa.com. You may contact us by either of the following alternative means:Qoppa Software 2099 Monroe Drive Suite 200 Atlanta, GA 30324Business Hours (US Eastern Time): Monday to Friday 8AM to 5PM Phone: +1 404-343-4940 Fax: +1 678-253-0192 Email: info@qoppa.comWe will respond to all requests, inquiries or concerns within thirty (30) days.Java PDF Library ProductsjPDFImages – Convert PDFs to ImagejPDFOptimizer – Optimize PDFsjPDFPrint – Print PDFsjPDFProcess – Create / Manipulate PDFsjPDFWeb – Convert PDF to HTMLjPDFWriter (FREE!) – Create PDFsJava PDF SDK … Java PDF Component ProductsjPDFEditor – View and Edit PDFsjPDFNotes – View and Markup PDFsjPDFViewer – View and Print PDFsPDF ApplicationsFree PDF ReaderPDF Studio – PDF EditorPDF Automation ServerqPDF Notes for AndroidqPDF Viewer for Android  IndustriesWeb DevelopmentDocument ManagementEducationPrinting, Media & PublishingPDF SolutionsPDF View & AnnotatePDF OptimizePDF PrintPDF Convert to ImagesPDF AssemblePDF FormsPDF Digitally SignPDF PreflightCase Studies / White PapersCompanyAbout UsContact UsCustomersPrivacyNewsResellers  SupportPDF Studio Knowledge BaseDeveloper Knowledge BaseContact Support
Translate »