http://www.snippets.com/terms-and-conditions.htm
forgot password?
login
register
Terms and Conditions
Thank you for visiting www.snippets.com, hereafter "Snippets."
Snippets is wholly owned and operated by Conjecture Corporation.
By using information collected at the Snippets website, or posting content on the site, you agree to be bound by the following Terms and Conditions, including our Privacy Policy. If you do not want to be bound by our Terms and Conditions or our Privacy Policy your only option is to not use Snippets information or contribute content.
Using Snippets Content
All content included on Snippets is protected by United States and foreign copyright and other laws.
The content of our entire site, or parts of our site, is the exclusive property of Snippets and is protected by United States and foreign copyright and other laws.
Snippets authorizes visitors to view and make a single copy of its content for offline, personal, non-commercial use. Snippets material may not be sold, reproduced, or distributed without Snippets' permission. If you would like to request hard copy republishing license, please contact us. We do not grant rights to republish our content online.
If you are under 14, you may use Snippets only with the authorization of a parent or guardian. Snippets reserves the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, and remove or edit content in its sole discretion.
Contributing Snippets Content
By contributing content to Snippets, you warrant and represent all of the following:
You are at least 14 years of age, or if you are under 14, you have the authorization of a parent or guardian to post content on Snippets.
Your content does not infringe on the intellectual, privacy, publicity, or any other legal or moral rights of any third party.
You have the legal authority to post (i.e., publish) the content you contribute to our site.
You have the legal authority over the content you contribute to our site to grant us all licenses contained in these Terms and Conditions.
Your content does not include confidential or proprietary information.
Your content is not defamatory.
You grant Snippets the irrevocable, worldwide, royalty-free, transferrable, sublicensable, non-exclusive license to use, reproduce, modify, transmit, distribute, translate, publicly perform, publicly display (including your username), advertise on, and create derivative works of the content you submit on Snippets into other works of any form known now or developed later.
You are not entitled to compensation or reimbursement from Snippets.
Liability Disclaimer
Information provided by Snippets is general in nature and is not intended to be a substitute for professional advice, including, but not limited to medical, financial, and legal advice.
All information is provided "as is" and "as available." We make no claims, promises, or guarantees about the accuracy or completeness of the content on Snippets. Information provided by Snippets may be altered at any time without notice. Snippets disclaims any responsibility associated with the general or user-generated information it provides on any of its pages.
Visitors use Snippets content solely at their own risk. In no event shall Snippets be liable to any third party for damages related to using or not using content displayed on Snippets whether claims are advanced on contract, tort, or other legal theories.
Snippets does not endorse any product, service, seller, or provider mentioned on any of its pages or associated advertisements.
Choice of Law
All legal issues arising from or related to the use of Snippets shall be assessed under the laws of the State of Nevada, United States of America, irrespective of any conflict of law principles.
If a court with jurisdiction finds any of these Terms and Conditions invalid, that provision will be severed but will not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of these Terms and Conditions.
Changes to Our Terms and Conditions
Snippets reserves the right to change our Terms and Conditions without notice or liability to its visitors.
Visitors can view our latest Terms and Conditions at any time by visiting: http://www.snippets.com/terms-and-conditions.htm
Visitors are bound by modifications to our Terms and Conditions. Because this page can change from time to time, we recommend that visitors periodically review this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about our Terms and Conditions, feel free to contact us by email, or in writing to the following address:
Conjecture Corporation
re: Snippets Terms and Conditions
PO Box 2130
Sparks, NV 89432
U.S.A.
This page was last updated in January 2009.
about us
contact us
frequently asked questions
privacy policy
terms and conditions
copyright 2008 - 2020
conjecture corporation