http://www.dbsoftlab.com/legal/cookies-policy.html
Cookies policy
1. Introduction
1.1 Our website uses cookies.
1.2 By using our website and agreeing to this policy, you consent to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of this policy.
2. About cookies
2.1 A cookie is a file containing an identifier (a string of letters and numbers) that is sent by a web server to a web browser and is stored by the browser. The identifier is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server.
2.2 Cookies may be either "persistent" cookies or "session" cookies: a persistent cookie will be stored by a web browser and will remain valid until its set expiry date, unless deleted by the user before the expiry date; a session cookie, on the other hand, will expire at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed.
2.3 Cookies do not typically contain any information that personally identifies a user, but personal information that we store about you may be linked to the information stored in and obtained from cookies.
2.4 Cookies can be used by web servers to identify and track users as they navigate different pages on a website and identify users returning to a website.
3. Our cookies
3.1 We use both session and persistent cookies on our website.
3.2 The names of the cookies that we use on our website, and the purposes for which they are used, are set out below:
Source
Name
Description
www.etl-tools.com
<random 32 character string>
These session cookies are essential for allowing our website to remain secure from numerous attacks and to distinguish genuine repeat page requests from an individual user for the duration of their session. If you have a user account with us, it is also used to allow you to remain logged in between page requests for the duration of your session. Learn more about sessions.
www.etl-tools.com
joomla_user_state
If you have a user account, this cookie is set so that you remain logged-in during each page visit.
www.etl-tools.com
joomla_remember_me_<random 32 character string>
If you have a user account, this cookie is set when you tick the 'Remember me' box. Normally, when you close your browser you will be automatically be logged out of our website. This cookie allows you to automatically be logged back in to our website when you next visit.
www.etl-tools.com
plg_system_eprivacy
Indicates if user allowed to use the cookies
www.etl-tools.com
wf_visualblocks_state
Used to recognise a computer when a user visits the website, track users as they navigate the website, improve the website's usability, analyse the use of the website and administer the website
www.etl-tools.com/wiki
DokuWiki
DokuWiki session cookie
www.etl-tools.com/wiki
DW_<random 32 character string>
If you have a DokuWiki user account, this cookie is set when you tick the 'Remember me' box. Normally, when you close your browser you will be automatically be logged out of our website. This cookie allows you to automatically be logged back in to our website when you next visit.
www.etl-tools.com/wiki
cookielaw
This cookie indicates if user accepted DokuWiki cookie policy
Google Analytics
_ga, _gat, __utma, __utmt, __utmb, __utmc, __utmz and __utmv
We use Google Analytics to analyse the use of our website.
It generates statistical and other information about website use by means of cookies. Google privacy policy is available at: http://www.google.com/policies/privacy
YouTube
APISID,CONCENT,HSID,LOGIN_INFO,PREF,SAPISID,SID,VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE,YSC
We use YouTube to host videos tutorials.  Details about Google cookies policy can be found here: https://policies.google.com/technologies/cookies
4. Blocking cookies
4.1 Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies; for example:
(a) in Internet Explorer (version 11) you can block cookies using the cookie handling override settings available by clicking "Tools", "Internet Options", "Privacy" and then "Advanced";
(b) in Firefox (version 47) you can block all cookies by clicking "Tools", "Options", "Privacy", selecting "Use custom settings for history" from the drop-down menu, and unticking "Accept cookies from sites"; and
(c) in Chrome (version 52), you can block all cookies by accessing the "Customise and control" menu, and clicking "Settings", "Show advanced settings" and "Content settings", and then selecting "Block sites from setting any data" under the "Cookies" heading.
4.2 Blocking all cookies will have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites.
4.3 If you block cookies, you will not be able to use all the features on our website.
5. Deleting cookies
5.1 You can delete cookies already stored on your computer; for example:
(a) in Internet Explorer (version 11), you must manually delete cookie files (you can find instructions for doing so at http://windows.microsoft.com/en-gb/internet-explorer/delete-manage-cookies#ie=ie-11);
(b) in Firefox (version 47), you can delete cookies by clicking "Tools", "Options" and "Privacy", then selecting "Use custom settings for history" from the drop-down menu, clicking "Show Cookies", and then clicking "Remove All Cookies"; and
(c) in Chrome (version 52), you can delete all cookies by accessing the "Customise and control" menu, and clicking "Settings", "Show advanced settings" and "Clear browsing data", and then selecting "Cookies and other site and plug-in data" before clicking "Clear browsing data".
5.2 Deleting cookies will have a negative impact on the usability of many websites.
6. Managing cookies
6.1 Many browser manufacturers provide help pages relating to cookie management in their products. Please see below for more information.
Google Chrome
Internet Explorer
Mozilla Firefox
Safari (Desktop)
Safari (Mobile)
Android Browser
Opera
Opera Mobile
7. Our details
7.1 This website is owned and operated by DB Software Laboratory Ltd.
7.2 We are registered in England and Wales under registration number 06763280, and our registered office is at The Apex, 2 Sheriffs Orchard, Coventry, UK, CV1 3PP.
7.3 You can contact us using our website contact form
You are here:
Home
-
Cookies
AboutContactDownload LinksPricingCookiesTerms of UsePrivacy PolicyLicenseSite Map
Copyright © 2020 ETL-tools.com. All Rights Reserved.