http://www.kenedacom.com/privacy-policy.cfm
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Kenedacom Data Recovery Privacy Policy
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order or fill out a form. When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number or credit card information. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
WHAT DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION FOR?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience. The information we collect from you helps us to better respond to your individual needs.
To improve customer service. The information we collect from you helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs.
To process transactions. Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
To send periodic emails. The email address you provide for order processing, may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. You may withdraw your consent to receive email communications at any time via email at service@kenedacom.com.
HOW DO WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or access your personal information. We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and encrypted while in transit into our systems. However, despite our best efforts, Kenedacom does not guarantee the safety of the information provided, and you understand that such information is provided at your own risk. All information provided to Kenedacom is restricted to its employees and/or agents or any person or entity needed to render the services.
DO WE USE COOKIES?
Yes we do. Cookies are small files that a website or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the website's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser to capture and remember certain information. We use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart and to identify you on subsequent visits. If you choose to disable cookies, you could be prevented for accessing the full content of our site.
DO WE DISCLOSE ANY INFORMATION TO OUTSIDE PARTIES?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential, using the same privacy standards as Kenedacom or higher. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, court order, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or other's rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
ONLINE PRIVACY POLICY ONLY
This online Privacy Policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline. This online Privacy Policy applies only to our site and services and does not apply to any other site of any other company or entity to which our site may be linked.
YOUR CONSENT
By using this website, you consent to Kenedacom Data Recovery's website Privacy Policy, and agree to be bound by such. If you do not agree with the present Privacy Policy, please do not use our site.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
Kenedacom may at any time, without notice, and to its sole discretion, modify or change the present Privacy Policy. By your continuous use of our site and services, you agree to be bound by such modifications or changes. If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will update the Privacy Policy modification date below and let you know by email.
This Privacy Policy was last modified on July 6, 2018.
CONTACT US
Should you have any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below.
Kenedacom Data Recovery Inc.
1180 Bégin Road
Montréal, Québec
H4R 1X1 Canada
service@kenedacom.com
(866) 401-5860
(514) 332-2807
Fastest and most reliable Data Recovery service in Montreal.
To begin your data recovery process, all you have to do is get started. We'll take care of the rest!
Start Your Recovery