https://www.dot.asia/cookie-policy/
+852 2244 7900
info@dot.asia
Facebook
Twitter
Google
RSS
Facebook
Twitter
Google
RSS
CHI
ENG
Cookie Policy
This site uses cookies – small text files that are placed on your machine to help the site provide a better user experience. In general, cookies are used to retain user preferences, store information for things like shopping carts, and provide anonymised tracking data to third party applications like Google Analytics. As a rule, cookies will make your browsing experience better. However, you may prefer to disable cookies on this site and on others. The most effective way to do this is to disable cookies in your browser. We suggest consulting the Help section of your browser or taking a look at the About Cookies website which offers guidance for all modern browsers.
Analytics
To monitor and analyse web traffic and usage behaviour (via cookies transmitted to the Google Analytics network):
Google Analytics (Google Inc.)
Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google Inc. (“Google”). Google utilizes the Data collected to track and examine the use of this Application, to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Google services.
Google may use the Data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy – Opt Out.
Click here to read our full Privacy Policy.
Inside DotAsia
About DotAsia
Technical Support
.Asia TLD
Info Materials
DotAsia Team
Privacy Policy
News & Media
Meet the Board
Community Projects
Registry Policies
Events
Board Elections
Search for:
Mailing Address:12/F, Daily House35-37 Haiphong Road, Tsim Sha Tsui,Kowloon, Hong Kong
Submit a comment / inquiry
Contact Us | FAQ
Accreditation Support:
Registrar Relations
Tel:
1 877.711.ASIA (2742)
1 267.781.7299
Fax:
1 215.706.5701
Email:
accreditation[at]registry.asia
Get Accredited with .Asia
.Asia Zone File Access:
.ASIA zone file is now available for download via the Centralized Zone Data Service (CZDS) at https://czds.icann.org.
If you do not have an existing account, please create a new account using the instructions on the CZDS site. Existing credentials to the Afilias FTP server cannot be used on the CZDS to download the .ASIA zonefile.
Report AbuseTo report abuse on any domains that DotAsia/Namesphere manages, please contact us at abuse@dot.asia or mail your request to DotAsia/Namesphere at 12/F, Daily House, 35-37 Haiphong Rd, TST, KLN, HK.
CookiesThis site uses cookies to deliver an efficient user experience and to help us see how the site is used:
Find out more.Okay, thanks