http://www.wmdirectory.com/privacy.htm
What's New
| Add URL
Home: Privacy Policy.
Logged Information
WMDirectory collects user IPs and search terms for statistical purposes, payment issues including fraud identification
and to help diagnose problems with our server.
Collection
When a web site is submitted, WMDirectory collects personal and
web site information necessary to provide our services. The email
submitted to us is used only to notify the submitter that the site
was successfully added to our index. An email is also sent out if
the site has been modified by the submitter.
If you wish to be removed from our database you need to login and request a removal of your personal data. Please note that a removal also means a removal of the site submitted that is why we require a login to ask for a removal. You will find the login page by going to your weppage listing in the categories and then to the right you will find a "more info" link. Click on that link and on the more info page you will find a "Modify this listing link". Click that link and use the "Modify password" you submitted when submitting your webpage.
Advertisers
WmDirectory can from time to time use Google Adsense on the website. Third party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on a user's prior visits to your website or other websites.
Google's use of advertising cookies enables it and its partners to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and/or other sites on the Internet.
Users may opt out of personalized advertising by visiting Ads Settings
Newsletter
If you signed up to our newsletter during web site registration
you may receive periodic mailings from us with information on new
products and services or upcoming events. These mailings can also
contain information from other reputable organizations whose products
or services we think you might find interesting.
External
Links
This site contains links to other web sites. WMDirectory is not
responsible for the privacy practices or the content on these web
sites.
Service Contact
You can contact us here.
Privacy Policy, Terms
Of Service
Home | Add
Url | New Listings |
Contact | Privacy
Copyright © WMDirectory.com. All Rights Reserved. - A Searchable World Web Directory.