http://www.metaphorix.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Metaphorix Privacy PolicyIntroductionOur privacy policy will help you understand what information we collect on behalf of our customers at Metaphorix and how the information is used.When we talk about “Metaphorix” or “we” in this policy, we are referring to Metaphorix Limited the company which provides the Services. When we talk about “services” in this policy, we are referring to all our available products. Our services are currently available for use via a web browser or applications specific to your desktop or mobile device.When we talk about “customer” in this policy, we are referring the customers of Metaphorix who are using the services to execute their business. Metaphorix is the processor of the information we collect and receive.When we talk about “user” or “you” in this policy, we are referring to the individual using the service. This may be an employee of the customer or another individual using the service.Information we collect and receiveService usage information: This is information about how you are using the service, which includes how you navigate through the pages of the service and how often you execute commands. Log data: When you use the service, information can be logged. This log data includes settings of the service including those that are received from the back-office. This log data also includes performance statistics such as how many records were received and how long it took to receive. Device information: We may collect information about the device you are using the service on, including what type of device it is, which operating system you are using, unique device identifiers, and crash data. Whether we collect some or all this information often depends on what type of device you are using and its settings. Geo-location information: WiFi and IP addresses received from your device may be used to determine approximate location.Specific information: We collect information from you when you subscribe to our newsletter, respond to a survey or fill out a form. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.How we use your informationWe use your information to provide and improve our services. Specifically:To understand and improve our services: We research and analyze trends to better understand how users are using the services and to improve them. To communicate with a customer by responding to their requests: If a customer contacts us with a problem or question, we will use your information to respond to the customer. Investigating and preventing negative situations: We work hard to keep the services secure and to prevent abuse and fraud. We will not transfer any of the data that we collect to any third parties who are not involved in providing the services that we offer, have a legal right to the information or are helping us protect ours or other’s rights, property or safety. We may work with third parties to help us provide services to you, but we will ensure that these third parties agree to keep this information confidential.Security, how we protect your informationMetaphorix takes security seriously. We take various steps to protect information we collect from abuse and unauthorized access or disclosure. All information that is transferred over a public network is encrypted.CookiesCookies are small files which are stored on a user’s computer or device. They are designed to hold a modest amount of data specific to a website owner and the website itself and can be accessed either by the web server or the client computer. This allows the server to deliver a page tailored to a user, or the page itself can contain some script which is aware of the data in the cookie and so is able to carry information from one visit to the website (or related site) to the next.We use cookies to provide information about site traffic and site use so that we can offer better site experiences in the future. We do use third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are only permitted to use the information we have collected to help us conduct and improve our business. Search:
HomeSoftwareAboutCloudContactPrivacy Policy Recent Posts NAV Know How: Importing Bank Statements NAV Know How: Emailing Documents from NAV NAV Know How: Recurring Journals & Deferral Invoices NAV Know How: What is NAVLNX? NAV Know How: Perpetual Inventory Microsoft
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. OkLearn moreScroll to top