https://www.inkworldwide.co.uk/terms-and-conditions
Menu
Your Cart
Free UK Deliver on orders over £10.00
Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
100% GuaranteePembro Ltd supplies genuine, compatible and recycled ink and toner cartridges. The compatible and recycled are great value for money and are guaranteed to produce quality prints equal to their original counterparts. Page yield is at least equal if not greater too. Your guarantee will be voided if you have added updates, apps or drivers from your manufacturer which results in a blocking software on third party cartridges.Security InformationInk Worldwide work in partnership with Sage Pay, to ensure complete online security for all our customers. Any transaction information passed between us and Sage Pay’s systems is encrypted using 128-bit SSL certificates. No cardholder information is ever passed unencrypted and any messages sent from Sage Pay are signed using MD5 hashing to prevent tampering. You can be completely assured that nothing you pass to Ink Worldwide’s servers can be examined, used or modified by any third parties attempting to gain access to sensitive information.We also use PayPal for paymentsOur website is also monitored by McAfee SECURE and tested and certified daily to pass the "McAfee Secure" Security Scan. To help address concerns about possible hacker access to your confidential data, and the safety of visiting this site, the "live" McAfee Secure mark appears only when this site passes the daily McAfee Secure tests. You can see our LIVE status by clicking on the McAfee logo at the top of every page on our site.ALL IMAGES, LOGOS, PRODUCT CODES & COMPANY NAMES BELONG TO THEIR INDIVIDUAL OWNERS AND ARE USED FOR REFERENCE PURPOSES ONLY.Using this site and purchasing from it means you accept it's Terms & Conditions.If we receive a claim that any of our products have damaged a customer's equipment we reserve the right to inspect the equipment before the customer has the equipment repaired or replaced. The customer must cover the cost of transport to our testing facility. Our technical department will inspect the equipment and if they deem that the equipment was damaged by our products we will either repair or replace the equipment. It is essential that our products are installed correctly and all instructions are followed. If they are not, we can't be held responsible for any damage caused.Order Acceptance PolicyPembro Ltd reserves the right to reject any orders from any customer for any reason.Pembro Ltd also cannot be held liable for any items confiscated by customs officials in the customer's country.Pembro Ltd reserves the right to cancel orders if we do not have sufficient stock to fulfill your order (E&OE). We also reserve the right to make changes to this site and our terms and conditions at any time.Delivery SchedulePlease be aware that during adverse weather conditions deliveries might be delayed. Ink Supply Ltd can't be held responsible for late deliveries during such conditions.Deliveries (UK Mainland) are £3. If a customer chooses to opt for UK courier next day service then a subsidized amount of £5.40 is payable. This service is next working day as no deliveries are made on Saturday or Sunday.More detailed delivery information can be obtained by clicking on Shipping & Handling under Shopping Guide in the left side menu of our home page.All orders placed before 3.00PM will be despatched during the same working day (mon-fri), the majority of orders will be despatched via Royal Mail First Class Post, but if your order contains weighty items such as paper and CD's this may be sent via courier.Please note, that we do not charge extra for shipping 1st class post, as we would like you to receive your order as soon as possible!Please allow 2 -5 working days for delivery (UK Mainland), the majority of orders however are received the following working day. If your order has not arrived after the fifth working day, you must inform our customer services department via info@inkworldwide.co.uk or using our Help Desk, Mon-Fri 9am-5:30pm and we will chase your order. If we are not advised then we will assume your order has been delivered and we will not accept any responsibility for it. Due to the constraints of the Royal Mail system, we are unable to chase any orders before the 5th working day has elapsed. The customer must inspect the goods upon delivery and report any fault, including missing or incorrect items within 48 hours of receipt. If a customer fails to inform us within this 48 hour period then we will not be held responsible for any faulty or incorrectly sent items.When chasing an order, please make sure you have your contact details and order number ready, as we will need this information.If a UK order is not received after 5 working days the customer must inform us. We will then issue the customer with a P91 declaration form either by email or by post. The customer must sign the P91 to declare that the order was not received. Upon receipt of the original signed P91, we will re-send the goods. If a customer fails to sign and return the P91 we will assume that the order was received.If a delivery requires a signature and there is nobody to sign then a card will be left by either Royal Mail or a courier company. The information from Royal Mail will be to collect the parcel from a local sorting office. If a courier has left a card there will be a telephone number to call to arrange re-delivery. If a customer fails to act on this information and the goods are unwanted and returned to us, there will be a restocking fee of 15% of the order. If we have to re-send the goods there will be a delivery charge ranging between £3 and £10.Deliveries outside the UK but within the EU can take up to 20 working days to be delivered.Deliveries outside the EU can take up to 25 working days to be delivered.Please be aware that if a customer enters an incorrect delivery address and the goods are lost then we cannot be held responsible.DiscountsDiscounts are applied when the customer orders more than one of the same product. The discounts are referred to as Multi-buy Discounts and are clearly marked to the right of the product.Periodical discount codes are also offered to customers.Order Fulfillment PolicyPembro Ltd shall fulfill the customer's order as soon as possible after confirming or receiving payment. If Ink Worldwide cannot ship an order within 7 days after receiving payment, the customer will be notified and will receive a full refund for the unfulfilled order or to have an alternative recommended. Most the items can be shipped within 7 days. However, an item can be sold out at any time. In such a case, the customer will be notified and will have the following options:1. Receive a full refund for the unfulfilled order.2. Order an alternate item and pay any extra amount required or receive a partial refund if the alternate item has a different price from original item ordered. Credit Card Security Our on line shopping system is totally secure. All credit card numbers are encrypted in our specialist on line shopping software when orders are placed using 128 bit encryption. They are only decrypted once they reach our payment gateway computer, managed by Thawte for extra security. They are not held in any format on any of our web sites or any of our own internal computers. PayPal payment facility also available.3D SecureAs one of the UK’s leading websites we have partnered with Visa and MasterCard to provide increased levels of security for your card. In order to take advantage of this improvement you will need to register with your card issuer. It is a quick and simple process which requires you to click on the relevant link below. Over the next few years all webstores will have to implement this new standard but we offer you the advantages now.Click Here for further information about Verified by VisaClick Here for further information about MasterCard SecureCodeFurther DetailsVisa and MasterCard – along with your card issuer – have introduced enhanced payment protection for online payment transactions. 3D Secure is a new technical standard to further improve the security of payment transactions over the Internet. MasterCard brand their system as 'MasterCard SecureCode' and Visa call theirs 'Verified by Visa'. Ink Supply Ltd is one of the leading companies that provide this additional security measure for the online consumer. The ability to fully authenticate cardholders, during an online purchase, reduces the likelihood of fraudulent usage of cards and improves overall transaction performance. In order to use 3D Secure you must first register with your card issuer and choose your password for the service. This can be done by clicking on the links above, or by contacting your card issuer directly. However this only needs to be done ONCE. From that point on you can use any 3D Secure site with your registered card(s). The next time you make another purchase from our website you will simply need to enter your password, which is required to validate the 3D Secure system. If you have already registered with the scheme, the only action you need take is to enter your password on the payment page to confirm your order. If you have forgotten your password simply click on the ‘forgotten password link’ displayed on the card issuer’s window after completing the SagePay payment page. Checking a forgotten password usually takes only a few minutes. If you have any further questions regarding 3D Secure please contact your card issuer. If you are un happy about entering your credit card details on the web site, please contact our telephone sales on 0800 980 1079.Faulty ProductsIf you experience a problem with any of our products, please let us know immediately. If a problem is reported up to 30 days from the date of purchase we will either refund, replace or issue a credit note. If a fault is reported after 30 days we will offer a replacement or credit note but not a refund. All of our products carry a 12 month guarantee. After you have been issued with a Returns Reference Number, which is required otherwise we will not accept, you will need to send the product(s) back to us by Royal Mail Recorded Delivery. This eliminates the possibility of items going missing and the postal costs will be refunded. If you return an item without using Royal Mail Recorded Delivery service we can't guarantee receipt and if it is lost in post we will not be held responsible. Please be aware that if you return something by Royal Mail Special Delivery we will only refund the cost of recorded delivery. All returned products are tested. If a product is found not to be faulty, is not resaleable or is deemed to have been used, we will not refund or pay the return postal cost. If a customer changes their printer we will do our best to replace any cartridges that are no longer required. We will only replace with compatible cartridges and we do not offer any credit against genuine cartridges. We will void our guarantee on compatible and recycled ink cartridges if you register or add updates from your manufacturer.  We will not be held responsible for any damaged caused by the mis-use or mis-handling of any of our products.Order ErrorIf a customer orders incorrect products and then needs to return them we reserve the right to impose a re-stocking fee. The fee is 10% of the order value. This covers delivery/collection charges and fees imposed on ourselves by our suppliers.PricesAll prices are correct at time of publication. Ink Supply Ltd reserves the right to change, alter or amend any price at any time without notice. Should a product price decrease since an original purchase, contractually we are not obligated to refund the difference. Using this site and purchasing from it means you accept it's Terms & Conditions.
Gallery Module
See all specials
OK
We use cookies and other similar technologies to improve your browsing experience and the functionality of our site. Privacy Policy.