http://www.pointstone.com/company/privacy/
Pointstone Software - Privacy Policy
Pointstone Software |  Since 1996
Software
System CleanerOptimize and repair your PC
Total PrivacyErase history and computer usage tracks
Registry CleanerOptimize and repair your PC registry
FreebiesFree software
AntiTrack for Windows® 10
Internet Accelerator
Disk Defrag
MemOptimizer
index.dat Viewer
Document Metadata Cleaner
ADS Scanner
Browser Guard
Downloads
System Cleaner
Total Privacy
Registry Cleaner
All Downloads
Purchase
Support
Technical Support
Ask a Question
Company
About Us
Contact Us
Partners
Press Center
Newsletter
Labs
Jobs
HomeCompanyPrivacy
Privacy Policy
Update: December 01, 2017
Pointstone Software, LLC is committed to maintaining the trust of our users. This statement explains how we collect information from you and what we do with it.
Gathering of Information
Pointstone Software, LLC may gather personal information about its visitors for internal use only. This includes, but is not limited to, customer downloads, information requests, and purchasing of software.
Use of Information
Information gathered on our website is used for internal purposes related to accounting and site demographics. Additionally, Pointstone may send announcements to our customers via email. Customers include people who have purchased our products, downloaded them, registered their copy of our product, or have joined our newsletters manually. Announcements that you receive from Pointstone Software via email will contain information on how to unsubscribe from the newsletter.
Sharing of Information
Pointstone Software does not share your personal information in any way with any third parties. You may receive announcements with special offers for third party companies, but these offers originate from Pointstone Software.
Legal Notices
Under California Civil Code Section 1789.3, you are entitled to the following specific consumer rights information:
(a) Contact Information. You can contact us at 2915 Ogletown Road, #342, Newark, Delaware 19713, (888) 707-3606.
(b) Complaints. The procedures that you may follow in order to resolve a complaint regarding this Site are as follows: Contact the California Department of Consumer Affairs to resolve a complaint. The Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the Department of Consumer Affairs may be contacted in writing at 1020 N. Street, #501, Sacramento, California, 95814, or by telephone at (916) 445-1254. You can obtain further information regarding use of this Site by contacting the California Department of Consumer Affairs.
About Us
This is a privacy policy for Pointstone Software. Our homepage on the Web is located at https://www.pointstone.com. The full text of our privacy policy is available on the Web at https://www.pointstone.com/company/privacy/ Users may go to https://www.pointstone.com/support/ for information on how to opt-in or opt-out of use of their information.
Dispute Resolution and Privacy Seals
We have the following privacy seals and/or dispute resolution mechanisms. If you think we have not followed our privacy policy in some way, they can help you resolve your concern.
Customer Dispute: For questions please call or e-mail us.
Additional Information
This policy is valid until 31 Dec, 2018 at 12:00:00 GMT.
Data Collection
P3P policies declare the data they collect in groups (also referred to as "statements"). This policy contains 2 data groups. The data practices of each group will be explained separately.
Group "Basic information"
We collect the following information:
Click-stream data
HTTP protocol elements
Search terms
This data will be used for the following purposes:
Completion and support of the current activity.
Web site and system administration.
Research and development.
This data will be used by ourselves and our agents.
The following explanation is provided for why this data is collected:
Data collected from all Web users: access logs, and search strings (if entered).
Group "Cookies"
At the user's option, we will collect the following data:
HTTP cookies
This data will be used for the following purposes:
Research and development.
One-time tailoring.
This data will be used by ourselves and our agents.
The following explanation is provided for why this data is collected:
Cookies are used to track visitors to our site, so we can better understand what portions of our site best serve you.
Cookies
Cookies are a technology which can be used to provide you with tailored information from a Web site. A cookie is an element of data that a Web site can send to your browser, which may then store it on your system. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it.
Our site makes use of cookies. Cookies are used for the following purposes:
User targeting
Research and development
Compact Policy Summary
The compact policy which corresponds to this policy is:
CP="ALL DSP COR CURa ADMa DEVa TAIa OUR BUS IND UNI COM NAV INT"
The following table explains the meaning of each field in the compact policy.
Field
Meaning
CP=
This is the compact policy header; it indicates that what follows is a P3P compact policy.
ALL
Access to all collected information is available.
DSP
The policy contains at least one dispute-resolution mechanism.
COR
Violations of this policy will be corrected.
CURa
The data is used for completion of the current activity.
ADMa
The data is used for site administration.
DEVa
The data is used for research and development.
TAIa
The data is used for tailoring the site.
OUR
The data is given to ourselves and our agents.
BUS
Our business practices specify how long the data will be kept.
IND
The data will be kept indefinitely.
UNI
Unique identifiers are collected.
COM
Computer information is collected.
NAV
Navigation and clickstream data is collected.
INT
Interactive data is collected.
The compact policy is sent by the Web server along with the cookies it describes. For more information, see the P3P deployment guide at http://www.w3.org/TR/p3pdeployment.
Policy Evaluation
Microsoft Internet Explorer 6 will evaluate this policy's compact policy whenever it is used with a cookie. The actions IE will take depend on what privacy level the user has selected in their browser (Low, Medium, Medium High, or High; the default is Medium. In addition, IE will examine whether the cookie's policy is considered satisfactory or unsatisfactory, whether the cookie is a session cookie or a persistent cookie, and whether the cookie is used in a first-party or third-party context. This section will attempt to evaluate this policy's compact policy against Microsoft's stated behavior for IE6.
Note: this evaluation is currently experimental and should not be considered a substitute for testing with a real Web browser.
Satisfactory policy: this compact policy is considered satisfactory according to the rules defined by Internet Explorer 6. IE6 will accept cookies accompanied by this policy under the High, Medium High, Medium, Low, and Accept All Cookies settings.
Copyright © 1996 - 2020 Pointstone Software, LLC.All rights reserved.
System Cleaner, Total Privacy and MemOptimizer are trademarks or registered trademarks of Pointstone Software, LLC.
Terms of use | Privacy policy | Refunds | How to uninstall | Trademarks and Copyright
Company
About Us
Contact Us
Partners
Press Center
Newsletter
Pointstone Labs
Jobs
Blog
Software
System Cleaner
Total Privacy
Registry Cleaner
All Software
Follow Us
Facebook
Twitter
224 Users Online