http://www.endruntechnologies.com/company/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Breadcrumb
Home
/
Company
/
Privacy Policy
/
Privacy Policy
/
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy applies to the EndRun website.  By using the EndRun website, or by contacting EndRun through email or phone, you consent to the data collection and usage practices described in this notice.
Collection of your Personal Information
Personal information is any data with which you could be personally identified.  EndRun collects personal information, such as your e-mail address, name, or telephone number.  EndRun also collects information which is not unique to you, such as your company name, address and ZIP code.  Other details collected are IP address, browser, web pages accessed and access times.  All this information is collected when you browse our website or correspond with us by webforms, email and telephone.
We are not responsible for the privacy practices or website content outside of the EndRun website.  We encourage you to review the Privacy Policies of websites you choose to link to from EndRun so that you can understand how those websites collect, use and share your information.
Use of your Personal Information
We collect and use your personal information to deliver the services you have requested - such as your request for a price quote.  We occasionally email messages regarding customer support issues to established customers only.  You may request to be removed from the customer support email list by contacting us at: support@endruntechnologies.com
We do not tolerate spam and will never sell, rent or lease the EndRun customer list to third parties.  We also do not collect or use sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliation.
By using our website and products and services or otherwise providing personal information to us, you agree that we may communicate with you electronically regarding security, privacy, and administrative issues relating to your use.  For example, if we learn of a security system's breach, we may attempt to notify you electronically by posting a notice on our website, by sending an email, or otherwise contacting you.
We will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on EndRun; and (b) protect and defend the rights or property of EndRun.
Your Rights Regarding Personal Information
You have the right to request information about your stored data, its origin, its recipients, and the purpose of its collection at no charge.  You also have the right to request that it be corrected or deleted.  You can contact us at any time using the email below if you have further questions about the issue of privacy and data protection.
Use of Cookies
A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server.  Cookies are uniquely assigned to you and cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses.  You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer.  To decline cookies in Chrome click here.
The EndRun website uses cookies to analyze traffic and for ad measurement purposes via Google Analytics and Google Adwords.  Google may also use these cookies to show you our ads on the internet based on your prior visits to our website. This is called retargeting or remarketing advertising.  EndRun has a legitimate interest in analyzing user behavior in order to optimize both its website and its advertising.  You can opt out of Google's use of cookies by visiting the Google advertising opt-out page.  For information on Google's privacy policy, click here.
Storage and Security of Your Personal Information
We have appropriate security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you.  Please note that data transmitted via the internet (e.g. via email communication) may be subject to security breaches.  Complete protection of your data from third-party access is not possible.
When you provide information through our website that information is kept on the web server for less than 1 month.  Afterwards, your information may be kept on a secure internal network at our California facility.  For example, if you requested a price quote, your information such as name, email and phone number is kept in our price quote database.  If you submitted a purchase order (PO), then your information is kept in our MRP System.  Paper copies of POs are kept in our secure facility.
EndRun takes appropriate measures to keep customer credit card information secure.  When customers choose to pay using their credit cards, EndRun submits the information needed to obtain payment to the appropriate clearinghouse.  All sensitive data is transmitted via a secure (non-storage) terminal.  Upon completion of accounting actions for each transaction, all credit card information is deleted/destroyed.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may revise this policy from time-to-time and will post any changes on this webpage.  Please check this page regularly to keep up-to-date with any such changes.
Contact Information
We appreciate your comments regarding this Privacy Policy.  If you believe that the EndRun website has not adhered to this policy, please contact us at:
support@endruntechnologies.com
+1-707-573-8633 or 1-877-749-3878 (USA & Canada)
HEADQUARTERS
EndRun Technologies
2270 Northpoint Parkway
Santa Rosa, California 95407
U.S.A.
HOURS
7 am to 4 pm Pacific Time
CONTACT
Phone: 1-877-749-3878 (U.S. & Canada)
or +1 707-573-8633
Fax: 707-573-8619
Email:
sales@endruntechnologies.com
support@endruntechnologies.com
info@endruntechnologies.com
Footer menu
Products
Industries
Resources
Support
Company
Contact
Request A Quote
Search
Sitemap
LinkedIn