https://www.webwiz.net/legal/privacy-statement.htm
Knowledgebase
Customer Login
Show Menu
Domains
Domain Name Registration
Domain Name Transfers
Domain Name Prices
Web Forwarding
DNS Control
Web Hosting
Windows Web Hosting
Windows Reseller Web Hosting
Email Hosting
Forum Hosting
Cloud Servers
Cloud Server Hosting
Managed Cloud Server Hosting
What is Microsoft Hyper-V?
Dedicated Servers
Dedicated Server Hosting
Managed Dedicated Servers
Server Colocation
Green Technology
Green Hosting Technology
Solar Power Technology
Carbon Neutral
Eco Data Centre
About Us
About Web Wiz
Why Choose Web Wiz
Customer Reviews
Eco Data Centre
Contact Web Wiz
Legal
More
Customer Login
Knowledgebase
Support Forums
Web Wiz Blog
Web Applications
Network Tools
Network Status
You are here:
Home
Company Infomation
>
Legal
>
Privacy Statement
Data Protection and Privacy Policy
'Web Wiz' is committed to respecting the privacy of individuals who use
'Web Wiz' services and operate and are registered under the The UK
Data Protection Act, registration number Z2859497, you can view the full Privacy Statement below.
Please find below our privacy policy for 'Web Wiz'
We are 'Web Wiz Ltd' a company registered in England & Wales (Company Reg. 05977755) and our registered address is Unit 18, The Glenmore Centre, Fancy Road, Poole, Dorset, BH12 4FB, United Kingdom. Web Wiz takes the privacy of
its customers data very seriously. Please read the following policy to
understand how we will treat your personal data after it has been
collected by us through your use of this website.
When do we collect data?
We can collect data on you from a variety of different sources these include.
When you purchase products or services from the site or via any of our
other distribution channels.
When you become a subscriber;
When you enter data into a form on the website;
When you speak to our customer services personnel;
When you activate your product via our License Activation Server
Via explicit data capture measures, for example by entering
competitions, completing surveys, registering products, registering to
use the support forum;
Via implicit data capture measures such as studying which pages you read the most and the use of cookies.
In any of the above cases the data we collect could be personal data.
What do we do with your personal information?
When you buy anything via the site or give us any personal data as
indicated above, we may need to collect information about you to
process the transaction, fulfil your order and provide you with the
services you expect then and in the future. This information may
include, but is not limited to, details such as your name, your
address, your phone number.
Unless
we have your express consent we will only disclose personal data to
third parties if this is required for the purpose of completing your
transaction with us and for the provisioning of services that you have purchased from us. This is of course subject to the proviso that we
may disclose your data to certain permitted third parties, such as
members of our own group, our own professional advisers who are bound
by confidentiality codes, and when we are legally obliged to disclose
your data.
By becoming a subscriber you consent to receive from 'Web Wiz' by email our
eNewsletters and details of other special offers or services which we
may think may be of interest to you.
'Web Wiz' retains and uses your personal information to provide you with
the remote commerce (including electronic and mobile commerce)
experience by providing you with a personalised service and to give you
details of offers which we think will be of interest to you and keep
you informed of changes to products, services, licenses agreements,
terms, conditions, and security updates. We may also use the
information to process any transactions you undertake with us and for
internal administration and analysis.
We do not sell, rent or trade your personal information to third parties.
Who do we share your personal information with?
To complete your transaction with 'Web Wiz' and for the provisioning of some services 'Web Wiz' may need to share your personal data with 3rd parties.
4.1. When you make a purchase
from 'Web Wiz' the details you enter for your Credit/Debit Card are shared with our payment gateway provider, Sage Pay Europe Ltd. (UK).
4.2. When you register a domain name through 'Web Wiz' the personal details that you provide on the Domain Registration Form are shared with the Parent Registry. The Parent Registry used will depend on the Domain Extension for the Domain Name that your register. The Parent Registries that we partner with are, Nominet UK (UK), CentralNic Ltd. (UK) and NetOne Earth Inc. (US). If you need to know more information on what details are shared and who with, please contact us for
details.
4.3. 'Web Wiz' uses SendinBlue (France) when sending Transactional and Notification Emails from our services. The contents and who the Emails are sent to is shared with SendinBlue (France) when they relay the emails to our customers.
Public Information;
Forum
By it's very nature the Forum is open to the public, any
information given will be viewable to the general public. 'Web Wiz' does
make every effort to keep details such as email addresses private, but
if you do select to have your email address shown it will be viewable
by the general public.
Children’s Privacy
'Web Wiz' is committed to keeping the details of children private by
following the guidelines setout in the US, C.O.P.P.A Children's Online
Privacy Protection Act.
'Web Wiz' does not collect private information from
children under the age of 16 without written permission from the
child’s parents of guardians. If you are under the age of 16 or you
have a child under this age who wishes to use areas of the site that
require some level or personal information be given then please send
written permission first to, Web Wiz Ltd, Unit 18, The Glenmore Centre, Fancy Road, Poole, Dorset, BH12 4FB, United Kingdom.
Parents or guardians that
find that their children have given private information in accessing
any parts of 'Web Wiz' can request that this information be destroyed by
emailing using the contact us form.
Cookies
Web Wiz uses small bits of data stored on your computer called 'cookies'. Find out what Web Wiz uses them for, and how to control their use at our 'How cookies are used by Web Wiz' Page.
Data
In the UK we operate and are registered in accordance with applicable data protection legislation.
Consent
By disclosing your personal information to us using this website or over the telephone, you consent to the collection, storage and
processing of your personal information by 'Web Wiz' in the manner set
out in this Privacy Policy.
Change/Modify Details
If you need to Modify or Change your personal details after you have
made a purchase or registered to use certain parts of the website
please contact us as soon as possible.
Contact
If you have any questions or concerns about the information we hold about you, you can also contact us.
About Web Wiz | Contact Web Wiz | Terms & Conditions | Cookies | Privacy Policy
Web Wiz is the trading name of Web Wiz Ltd. Company registration No. 05977755. Registered in England and Wales.
Registered office: Web Wiz Ltd, Unit 18, The Glenmore Centre, Fancy Road, Poole, Dorset, BH12 4FB, UK.
Prices exclude VAT unless otherwise stated.
VAT No. GB988999105 - $, € prices shown as a guideline only.
Copyright ©2001-2020 Web Wiz Ltd. All rights reserved.