https://www.ingrammicroservices.com/legal/
Log In
Select the system you wish to access
Toggle Navigation
Fulfillment
Reverse Logistics
ITAD
Industries
Resources
Locations
Contact Us
Apparel & Fashion
Food & Beverage
Consumer Electronics
Healthcare
Consumer Packaged Goods
Mobility / Mobile Devices
Crowdfunding
Professional Services & Corporations
Educational Institutions
Retailers
Financial Services
BlueIQ
Shipwire
Warehouse Management Systems
Legal Documentation
Table of Contents
1. Slavery and Human Trafficking (UK)
2. Quality & Environmental Policy (Poland)
3. Energy Policy (Poland)
4. Política Ambiental (Peru)
5. ¿Qué es una solicitud Arco? (Peru)
1. Slavery and Human Trafficking (UK)
About Ingram Micro
Ingram Micro helps businesses Realize the Promise of Technology™. It delivers a full spectrum of global technology and supply chain services to businesses around the world. Deep expertise in technology solutions, mobility, cloud, and supply chain solutions enables its business partners to operate efficiently and successfully in the markets they serve. Unrivaled agility, deep market insights and the trust and dependability that come from decades of proven relationships, set Ingram Micro apart and ahead. More at www.ingrammicro.com.
Governance
Ingram Micro’s principle of Integrity states: “We employ the highest ethical standards, led by honesty, fairness and dignity in every action that we take, everywhere, every time, with everyone.” Just as important is the principle of Responsibility: “We say what we do and we do what we say. We are responsible for our individual and team actions, meeting our customer and financial commitments, and recognizing our social, community and environmental responsibilities.” Building upon the company’s tenets of success and upon long-standing company policies of legal and ethical compliance, the company is committed to the highest standards of legal and ethical conduct as set out in its Code of Conduct (available at www.ingrammicro.com).
Corporate Responsibility
Ingram Micro began implementing a comprehensive global CSR program in 2016. Our early initiatives primarily focused on direct impacts, but expanded to include our supply chain in late 2017. To learn more about our efforts related to environmental impact reduction, labor practices and human rights, and fair business, please visit our corporate sustainability pages.
Environment
Human Rights and Supply Chain
CSR Reports
Modern Slavery Act 2015 Statement
Ingram Micro’s affiliates in the UK are committed to social and environmental responsibility and have no tolerance for slavery and human trafficking.
We deal with reputable trade and non-trade suppliers, and will not do business with companies that we know to engage in the practices prohibited by the Modern Slavery Act.
We fully comply with the provisions of the Modern Slavery Act 2015 with respect to our own operations in the UK.
Ingram Micro’s UK based affiliates include Ingram Micro (UK) Ltd and its subsidiary Comms-care Group Ltd, Ingram Micro Services Ltd and Ingram Micro CFS Fulfilment Ltd.
Last Updated: 23 April 2020
Back to top ^
2. Quality & Environmental Policy (Poland)
Ingram Micro Services Sp. z o.o. in Pietrzykowice offers its customers services delivered in environmentally friendly conditions and meeting quality requirements. The main goal of the Company’s activity is reliable performance of services that meet the requirements and expectations of customers, using the creativity of our employees and professionalism built on many years of experience. We achieve this goal by improving and maintaining an integrated system of quality, environment and energy management.
Main activities of achieving quality & environmental goals
Increasing customer’s satisfaction at all stages of cooperation.
Obtaining the compliance of the quality of delivered services with the applicable standards, according the customer’s and legal requirements
Full compliance with current legal and other requirements with respect to existing environmental aspects and quality criteria.
Continuous improvement and prevention of pollution
Rational waste management
Risk analysis associated with the current activity, monitoring and implementation of measures to minimize this risk or its impact.
Tracking the impact of the Company on the environment.
Establishment and regular review of objectives and quality & environmental tasks
Improving, developing and maintaining the required quality of services.
Cooperation with suppliers and subcontractors
Continuous improvement of staff qualifications and their awareness of responsibility for quality and environmental protection.
Prioritizing the organization’s business objectives, analysing their compliance with the policy and communicating to their employees.
The Quality and Environment Policy is communicated, known, understood and respected by all employees of the Company and by people work on behalf of the Company.
The Quality and Environment Policy is a framework for objectives related to quality and environmental and is published.
The validity of the Quality and Environment Policy is periodically reviewed and adapted to the Company’s objectives.
The Quality and Environment Policy is a commitment of the Top Management of the Company to provide adequate resources and resources necessary to achieve the objectives of the adopted Quality and Environmental Policy.
(Click here for the PDF version in Polish.)
Last Updated: 01 January 2019
Back to top ^
3. Energy Policy (Poland)
Ingram Micro Services Sp. z o.o. in Pietrzykowice offers its clients services with an emphasis on developing the image of an organization aware of the importance of the problem of effective energy management.
The Company’s primary values are: reliability, creativity and professionalism, which we achieve through improving and maintaining an integrated quality, environment and energy management system.
Main directions of achieving the objectives of the Energy Management System:
Identify areas where it is possible to limit the use and energy consumption without compromising on service quality and process efficiency.
Reducing energy consumption during ongoing operations and activities at Ingram Micro Services, by providing all resources necessary to achieve the goals and accomplish the energy tasks.
Meeting legal requirements and other requirements related to the use, performance and energy consumption to which Ingram Micro Services has committed itself in the field of its activity.
Conscious monitoring energy efficiency through the optimal use of resources and technical means.
Continuous search for new solutions to improve the energy result and improvement of the Energy Management System according to ISO 50001.
Supporting purchasing of energy-saving products.
Ensure that employees have the appropriate knowledge, awareness and competence to improve energy efficiency.
Ensure that every employee knows, understands and adheres to the goals and tasks set in the Energy Management System.
Introducing the requirement for all Ingram Micro Services employees to comply with the above standards.
Top Management undertakes to periodically set, review and update goals and tasks related to the Energy Management System.
The Energy Policy is regularly reviewed and updated if required.
This Policy is available, communicated and implemented by all employees of the Company and by persons working for or on its behalf.
Energy Policy provides a framework for energy management purposes and is publicly available.
The Energy Policy is a commitment of the Company’s Senior Management to secure adequate resources and resources necessary to achieve the objectives of the adopted Policy.
(Click here for the PDF version in Polish)
Last Updated: 08 January 2019
Back to top ^
4. Política Ambiental (Peru)
ANOVO PERU SAC empresa vinculada al rubro de las telecomunicaciones y electrónica de consumo masivo y logística inversa, cuya naturaleza del negocio está orientada a brindar servicios de post venta, reparación y customizacion (personalización) de productos electrónicos a nivel nacional, reconoce la necesidad constante de proteger el medio ambiente y se compromete a:
Proteger el medio ambiente.
Cumplir las leyes y reglamentos ambientales vigentes en el Perú.
Cumplir requerimientos adicionales propios de la empresa a los que se someta para llevar a cabo las actividades del negocio pero enfocados en minimizar los impactos ambientales.
Mejorar continuamente la eficacia del sistema de gestión y el desempeño ambiental.
Se reconoce que los logros de nuestro SGA serán alcanzados por el esfuerzo conjunto de todos los colaboradores en los siguientes aspectos.
Revisión de objetivos y metas ambientales establecidas.
Compromiso a todo nivel para mejorar los aspectos ambientales, mejorar nuestros procesos continuamente en la búsqueda de prevenir la contaminación ambiental.
Controlar el impacto ambiental de los servicios prestados por:
La conservación de energía y otros recursos naturales.
La prevención de la contaminación
La implementación de actividades de reciclaje donde sea apropiado principalmente RAEE.
ANOVO PERU SAC reconoce la importancia de cumplir los requisitos de la norma ISO 14001 como marco eficaz para la aplicación y la gestión adecuada de los temas ambientales. El sistema de gestión ambiental estará basado en los requisitos de la Norma Internacional y será documentado, implementado, mantenido y orientado a la mejora continua con el fin de minimizar los impactos generados a través de nuestros procesos y prevenir mediante su implementación la contaminación ambiental.
El Gerente General es responsable de garantizar que la política Ambiental sea revisada periódicamente para su adecuación y sea socializada a toda la compañía y/o terceros que trabajen en su nombre. En el marco del SGA se facilitan espacios para comunicar y dar a comprender la política ambiental y los objetivos ambientales a todo nivel de la organización. Así mismo nuestra Política Ambiental se encuentra disponible para el público o partes interesadas.
JULIO JORDAN
GERENTE GENERAL
Cualquier consulta ambiental o calidad escribir al email contacto-peru@anovo.com
Lima 12 de Mayo de 2018
Back to top ^
5. ¿Qué es una solicitud Arco? (Peru)
Es el documento que te permite ejercer tus derechos ARCO (Acceso, rectificación, cancelación y oposición) y que ANOVO PERU SAC, de acuerdo con la Ley, pone a tu disposición en cumplimiento con la protección de datos personales Ley N° 29733 (LPDP) y su reglamento, aprobado mediante el Decreto Supremo N° 003-2013-JUS. Comprometidos con su privacidad, nuestra empresa pone a su disposición el presente procedimiento para solicitar cualquier tipo de información relacionada con el tratamiento de tus datos personales reconocidos por la Ley. Los derechos que toda persona pueda ejercer, en relación con el tratamiento de sus datos personales son:
Acceso: Facultad del Titular de los Datos Personales de acceder a sus datos y conocer el Aviso de Privacidad.
Rectificación: Derecho del Titular de los Datos Personales a solicitar la modificación de sus datos cuando estos sean inexactos o incompletos.
Cancelación: Facultad del Titular de los Datos Personales para solicitar la cancelación de sus datos cuando resulten innecesarios o no pertinentes para la finalidad con las que fueron recabados.
Oposición: Derecho del Titular de los Datos Personales a oponerse al manejo de sus datos personales en aquellos usos o fines no relacionados o necesarios para la prestación de los servicios y/o las relaciones jurídicas correspondientes.
Procedimiento
Envía un correo electrónico a la dirección: protecciondatos.peru@anovo.com adjuntando los siguientes documentos escaneados:
Solicitud ARCO, debidamente completada y firmada. Descarga solicitud aquí.
Copia simple Documento de Identidad
Copia simple de Poder Especial, en caso de representante.
En caso de ser necesario, anexa los documentos que sustenten tu solicitud.
Plazos
Los plazos de respuesta para las solicitudes de Acceso es de 20 días, mientras que para los demás tipos de solicitud, 10 días hábiles.
Back to top ^
Hao Chen
2019-05-21
Thank you!
Someone will be in contact with you shortly.
OKAY
Home
Forward Logistics
Reverse Logistics
ITAD
Industries
Resources
Locations
Contact Us
Log In
Select the system you wish to access
Our Brands
Ingram Micro uses cookies to personalize content. By browsing this website, you consent to the collection of information by cookies. For more information, please visit our privacy policy.OK, I agree