http://www.omada.dk/en-us/more/legal
More...
Legal
Disclaimer
Omada will not sell your personal information that you give to us, including your email, and will only use it for internal purposes. Omada does not warrant the accuracy of the information provided and is not liable for damages arising out of the use of this website as well as links provided.
Ownership and Copyright
Omada owns all information on this site. It is protected by the rules on copyright and trademarks and must not be reproduced in any form or manner without prior written consent by Omada.
Omada respects the intellectual property of others, and we ask our users to do the same. The trademarks, service marks, and logos used and displayed on this website are of Omada. Other product and company names mentioned on this website may be the trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective owners.
Use of information
The content of this site is intended solely for information purposes and must be used solely for this purpose. Although we use greatest care when providing information on this website, we cannot warrant the completeness or accuracy of the information. Furthermore, we do not warrant, either express or implied, merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement. Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so the above exclusion may not apply to you.
Links
Omada shall not be responsible for the contents of any linked website, or any changes or updates to such sites. Omada shall be provided without guarantee in any form, either expressed or implied, concerning the content of the respective sites, the related accuracy or completeness of the information provided, marketability, applicability for specific or business purposes, or possible damage or loss resulting from use of these sites.
Omada shall not be liable for loss or damage resulting from access or possible lack of it, and for any loss or damage incurred by relying on information provided on this site.
Neither Omada nor any of its directors, employees or other representatives shall be liable for damages arising out of or in connection with the use of this website. This is a comprehensive limitation of liability that applies to all damages of any kind, including, but not limited to, compensatory, direct, indirect or consequential damages, loss of data, income or profit, loss of or damage to property and claims of or related to third parties.
Please contact info@omada.net in case of any questions concerning the website, its terms or conditions and Omada’s Privacy Policy.
Imprint
Omada A/S
CVR-no: 25357469
Oesterbrogade 135
2100 Copenhagen
Denmark
Email: info@omada.net
Omada GmbH
Geschäftsführer/Managing Director Christian Stendevad
c/o WeWork
Taunusanlage 8
60329 Frankfurt a.M.
Deutschland/Germany
Phone +49 6151 971 9758
E-Mail: info@omada.net
Sitz der Gesellschaft/Registered Office: Darmstadt, Germany; Registergericht/Commercial Register Darmstadt HRB 91362
Umsatzsteuer-Identifikationsnummer für den innergemeinschaftlichen Warenverkehr/ VAT-ID: DE 284734501