https://www.altoedge.com/general/privacy.html
Privacy Statement
AltoEdge Privacy Policy
Introduction
Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
Choice
Security
Access/Accuracy
Third Party Services
Children's Privacy
Commitment
Your Consent
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Introduction
We at AltoEdge are committed to respecting your online privacy and recognize your need for appropriate protection and management of any personally identifiable information ("Personal Information") you share with us. AltoEdge has established this Online Privacy Policy so that you can understand the care with which we intend to treat your Personal Information.
For the purposes of this statement, "Personal Information" means any information that may be used to identify an individual, including, but not limited to, a first and last name, a home or other physical address and an email address or other contact information, whether at work or at home. In general, you can visit AltoEdge's Web pages without telling us who you are or revealing any Personal Information about yourself.
If you choose to provide us with your Personal Information on the Web, we may transfer that Information within AltoEdge or to AltoEdge's third-party service providers, across borders, and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around the world.
AltoEdge strives to comply with all applicable laws around the globe that are designed to protect your privacy. Although legal requirements may vary from country to country, AltoEdge intends to adhere to the principles set forth in this Online Privacy Policy even if, in connection with the above, we transfer your Personal Information from your country to countries that may not require an "adequate" level of protection for your Personal Information. In other words, our goal is to provide protection for your Personal Information no matter where that Personal Information is collected, transferred, or retained.
Cookies And Other Tracking Technologies
Some of our Web pages utilize "cookies" and other tracking technologies. A "cookie" is a small text file that may be used, for example, to collect information about Web site activity. Some cookies and other technologies may serve to recall Personal Information previously indicated by a Web user. Most browsers allow you to control cookies, including whether or not to accept them and how to remove them. Tracking technologies may record information such as Internet domain and host names; Internet protocol (IP) addresses; browser software and operating system types; clickstream patterns; and dates and times that our site is accessed. Our use of cookies and other tracking technologies allows us to improve our Web site and your Web experience. We may also analyze information that does not contain Personal Information for trends and statistics.
We use cookies so we can track users through our website so we can improve our website (for example to assist us to decide the ordering and the placement of links). We also use cookies to track from where visitors to our site find us. We never store personal information in cookies. We will never provide cookie information to third parties.
Choice
You may choose whether or not to provide Personal Information to AltoEdge. The notice we provide where AltoEdge collects Personal Information on the Web should help you to make this choice. If you choose not to provide the Personal Information we request, you can still visit most of AltoEdge's Web sites, but you may be unable to download or purchase our software. If you choose to have a relationship with us, such as a contractual or other business relationship or partnership, we will naturally continue to contact you in connection with that business relationship.
Security
Wherever your Personal Information may be held within AltoEdge, we intend to take reasonable and appropriate steps to protect the Personal Information that you share with us from unauthorized access or disclosure. Our site has security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse and unauthorized alteration of the information under our control. More specifically, our server uses SSL (Secure Sockets Layer) security protection by encrypting all of your personal information including credit card number, name and address to prevent individuals from reading this information as it travels over the Internet.
Access / Accuracy
To the extent that you do provide us with Personal Information, AltoEdge wishes to maintain accurate Personal Information. Where we collect Personal Information from you on the Web, our goal is to provide a means of contacting AltoEdge should you need to update or correct that Information.
Third Party Services
AltoEdge does not intend to transfer Personal Information without your consent to third parties who are not bound to act on AltoEdge's behalf unless such transfer is legally required. Similarly, it is against AltoEdge's policy to sell Personal Information collected online without consent.
Children's Privacy
AltoEdge's website is not structured to attract children. Accordingly, we do not intend to collect Personal Information from anyone we know to be under 13 years of age.
Commitment
Protecting your privacy online is an evolving area, and AltoEdge's Web site is constantly evolving to meet these demands.
If you have any comments or questions regarding our Online Privacy Policy, please Contact Us. While we cannot guarantee privacy perfection, we will address any issue to the best of our abilities as soon as possible.
Your Consent
By using this Web site, you consent to the terms of our Online Privacy Policy and to AltoEdge's processing of Personal Information for the purposes given above as well as those explained where AltoEdge collects Personal Information on the Web. Should the Online Privacy Policy change, we intend to take every reasonable step to ensure that these changes are brought to your attention by posting all changes prominently on our web site for a reasonable period of time.
Changes To The Privacy Policy
AltoEdge will occasionally update this Privacy Policy to reflect company and customer feedback or changes to privacy legislation. We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Policy to be informed of how AltoEdge is protecting your personal information.