https://www.intasoft.net/index.php/cookie-policy/
Skip to content
Email Support
Search for:
home
/
contact
/
about us
/
products
/
Members area
/
Technical Support
/
Login
Cookie Policy
What Cookies do we use?
I do not wish to accept Cookies
Privacy Statement
Protecting and Respecting your online privacy and our use of CookiesIntasoft Ltd respects your right to privacy and is committed to protecting you and any/all data (anonymous or otherwise) that we collect about you through the use of Cookies.On this page we tell you how we use cookies, why, and how this allows us to improve your experience whilst using our website and of course, our service to you.It is important that you realise that by using our websites (through any device) you are agreeing implicitly that our Cookies Policy applies to that use in addition to any other terms and conditions which may apply.We reserve the right to make changes to this Cookies Policy. Any such changes shall appear here and become effective immediately. Your continued use of our websites is taken as meaning that you agree to any such changes.
What is a cookie?
Cookies are files containing small amounts of information which are downloaded to the device you use when you visit a website. Cookies are then sent back to the originating website on each subsequent visit, or to another website that recognises that cookie. Cookies do lots of different and useful jobs, such as remembering your preferences, and generally improving your online experience.
There are different types of cookies. They all work in the same way, but have minor differences:
Session cookies
Session cookies last only for the duration of your visit and are deleted when you close your browser. These facilitate various tasks such as allowing a website to identify that a user of a particular device is navigating from page to page, supporting website security or basic functionality.
Our session cookies are used for security and are designed to be very difficult to read, change, access or use except by us when you have an active Internet session. They contain no personal information that can be used to identify an individual.
Persistent cookies
Persistent cookies last after you have closed your browser, and allow a website to remember your actions and preferences. Sometimes persistent cookies are used by websites to provide targeted advertising based upon the browsing history of the device.
Intasoft Ltd makes limited use of ‘persistent’ cookies. A typical use is, for example, when you log on to the members area. We use a cookie named “ForumVisit” which contains information about the last forum you visited. We may also, from time to time, use persistent cookies to enable us to analyse your visits to our site. Where we do this the information is only used to understand and improve your experience of our services and therefore ensure you get the most benefit from your visit.
For full details about our cookies, we’ve put together a list of the cookies we use.
First and third party cookies
First party cookies are those set by or on behalf of the website you have visited. All other cookies are third party cookies. We use both first party and third party cookies, which you can read more about in our list of the cookies that we use.
Required cookies
These cookies are essential in order to enable you to move around the website and use its features, and ensuring the security of your online  experience. These cookies do not gather information about you for marketing purposes.
Performance cookies
These cookies collect information about how visitors use a web site, for instance which pages visitors go to most often, and if they get error messages from web pages. These cookies don’t collect information that identifies a visitor although they may collect the IP address of the device used to access the site. All information these cookies collect is anonymous and is only used to improve how a website works and your own experience. By using our website you agree that we can place the types of cookies that we need to, on your device. Please note that you can however, block these cookies using your browser settings.
Functionality cookies
These cookies allow the website to remember choices you make (such as your user name). They may also be used to provide services you have requested such as watching a video. The information these cookies collect is anonymised (i.e. it does not contain your name, address etc.) and they do not track your browsing activity across other websites. By using our website you agree that we can place the types of cookies that we need to, on your device. Please note that you can however, block these cookies using your browser settings.
Targeting cookies
These cookies collect several pieces of information about your browsing habits. They are usually placed by advertising networks. They remember that you have visited a website and this information is shared with other organisations such as media publishers.
These organisations do this in order to provide you with targeted adverts more relevant to you and your interests. This type of advertising is called online behavioural advertising and those companies providing this advertising are working with the UK’s Internet Advertising Bureau to deliver more information to consumers.
Intasoft does not currently use these type of cookies on its web site.
By using our website you agree that we can place the types of cookies that we need to, on your device. Please note that you can however, block these cookies using your browser settings.
Brochure
Forum
Our clients
Licensing & Training
Request a Demonstration
Downloads
Legal Notices
Cookie Policy
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Read MoreRejectPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
Mouse Eye Tracking by PicNet IT support services