http://www.experienceresearch.com/privacy-and-cookies/
Services
People
Case examples
Innovation & Design Interviews
Testimonials
Contact
Where we carry out research
Privacy and Cookies
Security of information
We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of the users who visit this website. Please read the following details to understand how your details will be treated.
Collection of information.
You are not required to provide any personal information on the areas of this website. However, you may choose to do so by, for example, contacting us and providing us with information about yourself, such as your name and address, so that we can respond to your requests for information.
How we use this information
We will use information collected for administration and marketing related purposes. You may give us notice at any time that you do not wish to receive communications from us. If you have any other queries please contact via email.
Cookies
Cookies are small text files which are placed on your computer or mobile phone (or other device) which you are using. Our website uses cookies to help improve the online experience.
We use the following which involve cookies (some are from third parties):
Google analytics
Links to Twitter, Linked in and other websites / services
WordPress and plugins (which the website uses)
Search facility
The cookies help the website work as you would expect and improve the online experience.
Turning off / managing cookies
You can normally turn off the cookies (please visit your browsers help page to find out how to do this). Here are some useful links:
How to Set and Customise Cookies Settings in Internet Explorer
Firefox: Cookies – Information that websites store on your computer
Chrome: How to manage cookies
Final thing
This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse around the site you are agreeing to the use of cookies. If you are not happy you should leave the site. Many thanks.
© 2019 All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
Tel: 07866 742628