https://www.redsoftware.com/privacy/?domain=ctdeveloping
Products
Support
Company
Contact
the color of pdf.
Privacy Policy
Effective December 10 2019
Red Software Websites
The following websites ("Red Software Websites") are operated by Red Software
("we" or "us") and governed by this privacy policy:
https://www.ctdeveloping.com
https://www.pdfescape.com ("PDFescape Website")
https://www.radpdf.com
https://www.redsoftware.com
General Information
We take your privacy seriously. Please read the following information to learn more about our privacy practices.
This policy covers what information we collect and how it is treated.
This policy only applies to Red Software Websites and does not extend to the practices of other websites that we may link to, companies that we do not own or control, or to people that we do not employ or manage.
Contact Information
We invite you to contact us if you have questions about this privacy policy.
You may contact us using the information provided on our website.
Dispute Resolution
We are committed to resolving any dispute you may have regarding our privacy policy quickly and efficiently.
Concerns will be responded to promptly by our customer service representatives.
Information Collection
When visiting Red Software Websites, certain information about you and your devices can sometimes be collected.
This section explains what information Red Software collects, and how it is used.
Information Collected
We collect information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or device ("personal information").
In particular, we have collected the following categories of personal information from consumers within the last twelve (12) months:
Category
Examples
Collected
A. Identifiers.
A real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, Social Security number, driver's license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers.
YES
B. Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).
A name, signature, Social Security number, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver's license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information. Some personal information included in this category may overlap with other categories.
YES
C. Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law.
Age (40 years or older), race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship, religion or creed, marital status, medical condition, physical or mental disability, sex (including gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy or childbirth and related medical conditions), sexual orientation, veteran or military status, genetic information (including familial genetic information).
NO
D. Commercial information.
Records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
NO
E. Biometric information.
Genetic, physiological, behavioral, and biological characteristics, or activity patterns used to extract a template or other identifier or identifying information, such as, fingerprints, faceprints, and voiceprints, iris or retina scans, keystroke, gait, or other physical patterns, and sleep, health, or exercise data.
NO
F. Internet or other similar network activity.
Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer's interaction with a website, application, or advertisement.
YES
G. Geolocation data.
Physical location or movements.
NO
H. Sensory data.
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information.
NO
I. Professional or employment-related information.
Current or past job history or performance evaluations.
NO
J. Non-public education information (per the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part 99)).
Education records directly related to a student maintained by an educational institution or party acting on its behalf, such as grades, transcripts, class lists, student schedules, student identification codes, student financial information, or student disciplinary records.
NO
K. Inferences drawn from other personal information.
Profile reflecting a person's preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
NO
Personal information does not include:
Publicly available information from government records.
De-identified or aggregated consumer information.
Information excluded from the CCPA's scope, like:
health or medical information covered by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) and the California Confidentiality of Medical Information Act (CMIA) or clinical trial data;
personal information covered by certain sector-specific privacy laws, including the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FRCA), the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA) or California Financial Information Privacy Act (FIPA), and the Driver's Privacy Protection Act of 1994.
We obtain the categories of personal information listed above from the following categories of sources:
Directly and indirectly from visitors to Red Software Websites. For example, from your usage of Red Software Websites, purchases, registration information, and support requests.
Information Recipients
Within the last twelve (12) months, we have shared information with:
Service Providers – We use certain trusted companies to help us provide, improve, protect, and promote Red Software Websites and our related services.
These companies will access your information (categories A, B, and F) only to perform tasks on our behalf like host our website, process your credit card, or send emails on our behalf.
Third-Party Advertisers - Red Software Websites, our service providers, and authorized third-parties may use limited information (category A) like online identifiers and Internet Protocol addresses to set cookies.
California law considers this sharing of information to be a sale of your information and, as such, you have the right to opt-out.
You can opt-out of these cookies to opt out of this sale.
Other Applications – We offer tools on Red Software Websites allowing your information (categories A, B, and F) and data to be shared with third party applications (e.g. Google Drive).
If using such an application, please remember that their use of your information will be governed by their policies and terms.
Other Visitors – We offer tools on Red Software Websites allowing your information (categories A and B) and/or data to be published or shared.
When responding to a document published by another visitor, your data may be shared with an email address provided by the publisher.
Data shared using these tools, obviously, will be available to other visitors with valid credentials (e.g. the URL).
Legal Authorities – We may disclose your information (all categories) to third parties if we determine that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to (a) comply with the law;
(b) protect any person from death or serious bodily injury;
(c) prevent fraud or abuse of a Red Software Website or our users;
or (d) protect our property rights.
Information Retention
Your information and data may be retained by us for as long as we need it to provide you services, or as required by law.
Cookies are stored by your browser and can be cleared using your browser's preferences at any time.
Usage is typically archived for a minimum of 1 year to help improve and secure Red Software Websites.
Information Usage
We, along with our Service Providers, use your information and data to provide, improve, protect, and promote Red Software Websites and our related services (e.g. PDFescape Desktop) in various ways.
We have used it in the last twelve (12) months for:
Account Servicing – Information (categories A and B) including your name, identifiers, email address, phone number, payment info, and billing address are used to provide you services and related tasks like contacting you, keeping you signed in, securely identifying your browser session, billing you for services, and remembering your preferences.
We, along with our Service Providers, may store, process, and transmit your private data (including metadata, files, settings, etc.).
When using the PDFescape Website, you can manage your files in your account;
if your file is not associated with a PDFescape account, it is typically removed from our servers after forty-eight (48) hours of inactivity.
Ad Targeting - Information (category A) may be used by Third-Party Advertisers to delivery more personalized and relevant advertisements.
Metrics and Security – Usage information (categories A and F) from and about the devices you use to access Red Software Websites may be used by us, along with our service providers, to improve and secure our products and infrastructure.
This aggregated information may include cookies, IP addresses, the type of browser you are using, the web pages visited on Red Software Websites, the web page which referred you to a Red Software Website, and identifiers associated with your devices.
Privacy Rights
The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 ("CCPA") and other privacy laws extend certain rights.
As a privacy conscious company, we aim to comply with the CCPA, and we are happy to extend these privacy controls and rights to all visitors.
You are entitled to make a "request to know" about the collection and use of your information over the past twelve (12) months, including:
(1) what specific pieces of information we have (e.g. your name, email address, and billing address),
(2) categories of personal information collected (categories A, B, and F),
(3) categories of sources of this information (Red Software Websites),
(4) categories of personal information sold to a third party (category A for Ad Targeting) and disclosed to a service provider (categories A and B for Account Servicing),
(5) categories of third parties to whom the personal information was disclosed (advertising networks and social networks), and
(6) the business purpose of collecting and selling personal information (improve advertising relevance and performance).
For the PDFescape Website, please request your report from the "right to know" area of your PDFescape account.
If you have used other Red Software products or services, please request your report by emailing support@redsoftware.com
It is your right to make a "request to opt-out" and tell us to Not Sell Your Information.
It is your right to make a "request to delete" your information.
For the PDFescape Website, you can inquiry about deleting your information by emailing support@pdfescape.com.
For all other Red Software Websites, you can make a request to support@redsoftware.com, although these sites only store information needed for security or transaction history.
Demonstration information (like that uploaded to www.radpdf.com/demo/upload/) is automatically deleted within 48 hours.
Cookie Policy
Typically, cookies are stored by your browser when visiting Red Software Websites.
Most browsers can be configured to disable cookies, but you may not be able to access all features and portions of Red Software Websites.
Cookies are used for various reasons on this Red Software Website:
Click here to manage your cookie settings
GDPR Rights
To request that your data be deleted, please contact support@redsoftware.com.
Google Adwords, AdSense, Analytics, and reCAPTCHA
Google AdWords is a program run by Google that delivers advertisements promoting Red Software Websites and other websites across the Internet.
Google AdSense is a program run by Google that delivers advertisements displayed on Red Software Websites.
Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google that is in use on Red Software Websites.
Google reCAPTCHA is a website protection service provided by Google that is in use on Red Software Websites.
Google may utilize the data collected to track and examine the use of Red Software Websites, to prepare reports on its activities, and to share them with other Google services.
Google may use the data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
Google may collect cookie and usage data. Google may share this information with other parties.
Google's privacy policy can be found at https://policies.google.com/privacy.
Red Software Websites may implement some Google Analytics Advertising Features, including Remarketing with Google Analytics.
Remarketing (using things like cookies) helps third party vendors like Google to advertise and promote our products and services based on your past visits to Red Software Websites.
You can opt out of the Google's use of cookies by visiting Google's Ad Settings.
Do Not Track
Red Software Websites do not currently respond to a Do Not Track ("DNT") or similar signal.
Non-Discrimination
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not:
Deny you goods or services.
Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties.
Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services.
Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
Policy Changes
We reserve the right to make changes to this policy from time to time.
Changes to our privacy policy will be accessible at https://www.redsoftware.com/privacy/?domain=ctdeveloping
Terms of Use
All information collected by a Red Software Website is subject to our Terms of Use.
If there is a conflict between this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use, the Terms of Use shall control.
Red Software
About
Careers
Contact
Press
Products
PDFescape
RAD PDF
Support
Knowledge Base
Open Ticket
877.33.GO.RED
(877.334.6733)
Contact | Terms | Privacy | Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Copyright 2020 Red Software