http://www.kzsoftware.com/privacy.htm
HOME | PRODUCTS |
SUPPORT | CONTACT
| ABOUT US
Privacy Policy
Last Modified: 09/15/2020
OUR COMMITMENT TO YOUR PRIVACY
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available via a link on our homepage and throughout the site.
EU-US/SWISS-US PRIVACY SHIELD FRAMEWORK
Kaizen Software complies with the EU-US Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-US Privacy
Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection,
use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Union and Switzerland
to the United States. Kaizen Software has certified to the Department of Commerce that it
adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles. If there is any conflict between the terms in this
privacy policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern.
Kaizen Software is responsible for the processing of personal data it receives, under each
Privacy Shield Framework, and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf.
Kaizen Software complies with the Privacy Shield Principles for all onward transfers of personal data
from the EU and Switzerland, including the onward transfer liability provisions.
We do not sell personal data nor do we permit it to be used for reasons other than those for which it was originally provided.
If this practice should change in the future, we will update this policy accordingly and provide individuals with opt-out or opt-in choice as appropriate.
With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the Privacy Shield Frameworks,
Kaizen Software is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission (FTC).
In certain situations, we may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public
authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification, please visit
Privacy Shield.
Individuals with inquiries regarding our Privacy Policy
should first contact us at: privacy@kaizensoftware.com
If you are a resident of a European country participating in the Privacy Shield and
you have not received a timely response to your concern, or we have not addressed your
concern to your satisfaction, you may seek further assistance, at no cost to you,
from JAMS, which is an
independent dispute resolution body in the United States.
Under certain conditions, Privacy Shield provides the right to invoke binding arbitration when other
dispute resolution procedures have not provided resolution. This is described in
Annex I to the Privacy Shield.
THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the websites located at:
www.kaizensoftware.com, www.kaizen-assets.com, www.kaizen-training-manager.com,
and www.kzsoftware.com (the "Services") owned and operated by Kaizen Software Solutions, LLC
(collectively "Kaizen Software", "we", "us", or "our"). On some pages, you can contact us to
ask a question or provide feedback. The types of personal information collected on these pages are:
Your name
Your Email Address
Your message to us
Your IP Address
Individuals have the right of access to this data and may correct, amend, or delete that information where it is inaccurate, or has been processed in violation of the Principles, except where the burden or expense of providing access would be disproportionate to the risks to the individual’s privacy in the case in question, or where the rights of persons other than the individual would be violated. To exercise this right, individuals may contact privacy@kaizensoftware.com.
SUBPROCESSORS
In addition, some pages on our site link to external websites to place an order for
a product or a subscription to our Service. These sites may collect information as
needed to process your order such as:
Your credit card information
Your bank information
Your phone number
Your company name
Your email address
Your mailing address
Kaizen Software utilizes the following data subprocessors:
Google
FastSpring
Microsoft
Kaizen Software Solutions may have limited access to only part of the information
stored on these external sites. For example, we do not have access to your credit card
number used to purchase a product through an external site, but we do have access to
the name that was entered on the external site. For external websites linked from our
Services, we encourage you to review their Privacy Policy available on their website.
HOW WE USE THIS INFORMATION
We will use your email address to reply to a question you have asked or to contact you
when necessary (for example to provide you with a product license key that you have
requested).
Information we receive from you may be used to provide, update, maintain and protect
our Services, Websites and business; and to develop and provide Software and Services.
Information collected is used for billing, identification, authentication, service improvement,
research, support, and contact.
INTERNATIONAL TRANSFER OF DATA
Your information, including Personal Information, may be transferred to — and maintained
on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental
jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside United States and choose to provide information to us,
please note that we transfer the information, including Personal Information, to the
United States and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy and your submission of such information
represents your agreement to that transfer.
COOKIES AND LOCAL STORAGE
We use cookies and local storage to help us provide you with a personalised service,
and to help make our websites, applications and services better for you. To destroy
temporary data after a browsing session has been completed, we encourage you to consider
the use of your web browser's Privacy Mode.
ANALYTICS
We use Google Analytics to anonymously track visits to our website. From this we
can analyse data about web traffic and thereby constantly improve our website
for visitors.
INFORMATION WE SHARE
We do not share personal information with companies, organizations and individuals outside
of Kaizen Software unless one of the following circumstances applies:
We may share personal information with companies, organizations or individuals outside of
Kaizen Software if we have your consent to do so.
We may provide personal information to trusted businesses or persons to process it for us,
based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate
confidentiality and security measures.
We may share personal information with companies, organizations or individuals outside of Kaizen Software
if we have a good-faith belief that access, use, preservation or disclosure of the information is
reasonably necessary to:
Meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Enforce Terms of Use or licensing requirements, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise manage fraud, security or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Kaizen Software, our users or the public as required or permitted by law.
Engage in a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, reorganization, sale of some or all
of Kaizen Software’s assets or stock, financing, public offering of securities, acquisition of all
or a portion of our business, a similar transaction or proceeding, or steps in consideration of
such activities (e.g. due diligence). Some or all information may be shared or transferred, subject
to confidentiality agreements.
We may disclose or use aggregated or de-identified information for any purpose.
For example, we may share aggregated or de-identified information with prospects or partners
for business or research purposes.
HOW TO CONTACT US
If you have any questions about this policy, please contact us via our
Contact Form,
or email our Privacy Officer at privacy@kaizensoftware.com,
or write to us at:
Kaizen Software Solutions, LLC
Attn: Privacy Officer
39962 Cedar Blvd, Suite 323
Newark, CA 94560-5326