http://www.searchengineguide.com/privacy.html
Privacy Statement for SearchEngineGuide.com
K. Clough, Inc. has created this privacy statement in order to
demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy.
The following discloses our
information gathering and dissemination practices for this website: SearchEngineGuide.com.
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server,
and to administer our Web site.
Our site's registration form requires users to give us contact information (like their name and email address).
We use customer contact information from the registration form to send the user information about our company and promotional material from some of our partners.
The customer's contact information is also used to contact the visitor when necessary.
Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below.
This site contains links to other sites.
SearchEngineGuide.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
We use an outside ad company to display ads on our site.
Ads may contain cookies, and appear to be coming from our site, but in reality they are coming from our partners who are serving ads on our site.
Our site does use cookies.
Some customer data is shared with the advertising companies.
Google and the DoubleClick DART cookie:
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site.
Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on their visit to our sites and other sites on the Internet.
Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control.
Choice/Opt-OutUsers who do not wish to receive communications from us and our partners should not submit any forms which request information.
This site gives users the following options for removing their information from our database to not receive future communications or to no longer receive our service.
You can send email to webmaster@searchengineguide.comCorrect/Update
This site gives users the following options for changing and modifying
information previously provided.
email webmaster@searchengineguide.comContacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the
practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site,
you can contact
Robert Clough
K. Clough, Inc.
17531 Hamilwood Dr.
Houston, TX 77095
webmaster@searchengineguide.com
Back To SearchEngineGuide.com