https://www.helpsystems.com/landing/robotic-process-automation-healthcare
Skip to main content
Robotic Process Automation in Healthcare
Improve efficiency, accuracy, and security with a 24/7 RPA workforce
REQUEST A DEMO
What is RPA in Healthcare?
Robotic process automation (RPA) software provides a way to interface with disparate systems and manage high-volume processes without burdening your already-busy workforce. Your software robots work 24/7 and don’t make mistakes. And in the healthcare industry, that's a lifesaver.
The healthcare industry requires reliable transmission of sensitive data throughout a wide network of departments and partners. Records have to stay up-to-date and synced between providers, labs, pharmacies, and more—and when lives are on the line, there’s no room for human error or operational delays. Complicating matters is that IT environments in the healthcare industry are extremely complex with a multitude of disparate of applications, file formats, and systems.
Maintain Patient Privacy and Regulatory Compliance
The security of medical records is a top concern for any healthcare organization. Robotic process automation in healthcare helps protect patient privacy and achieve compliance with HIPAA and other regulations by providing detailed audit logs and custom reports.
Keeping patient data secure can be a challenge because it passes through so many hands, but the access that a doctor needs is different than that of a member of the finance or IT staff. A robotic process automation solution allows each user to have an individual account with role-based access appropriate to their position.
Healthcare Process Automation in Action
AutomationRobotic Process Automation Case Study: Automate Integrates Critical Applications for a Major Medical Center
Examples of RPA in Healthcare
Robotic process automation software has the flexibility to automate almost any repeated process and the ability to scale to meet your future needs. As a healthcare organization, you might want to start by configuring your software robots to take some of the following processes off your hands.
Patient Record Transfers
Claims Processing
Billing
Appointment Scheduling
Entering and Syncing Patient Data
Handling ICD-9 Code Changes
Dietary Plan Management
Research Data Reporting
See Robotic Process Automation in Action
Schedule your personalized demonstration of Automate RPA
REQUEST A DEMO