http://www.archrock.com/privacy
A Message to our Customers, Employees and Communities Regarding COVID-19. Read more
Archrock Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting archrock.com and/or its associated web pages (“Website”). We at Archrock are proud of the products and services we provide our customers, the relationships we have built with our vendors, the quality of our employees and the value that we strive to provide our investors, so we invite you to browse the Website at length to learn more about us. Please note, however, that use of our Website is predicated upon your understanding of and agreement to abide by the terms and conditions included in our Usage Agreement, (“Agreement”) which is incorporated herein by reference. Use of the Website, including downloading of any information, text, graphics, software, links or other items contained in the Website, (“Materials”) wherefrom, will be construed as your acceptance of that Agreement.
Archrock is dedicated to protecting the privacy of the users of the Website and, accordingly, has developed this privacy policy (the “Privacy Policy”). Archrock will endeavor to preserve the privacy of your information that is not publicly posted on the Website, and use it only as set forth herein. This Privacy Policy is intended to protect individuals, and does not apply to businesses or persons acting on behalf of businesses.
Collection and Use of Information - When you visit the Website, we automatically gather information that allows the Website to communicate with your computer during the visit and we track information such as the date and time you visit, the number of visits to the site, which parts of the Website you visit, your computer’s IP address (the Internet address assigned to your computer from your Internet Service Provider) and web browser type. Such information can be used to help us design and administer the Website. You cannot be personally identified by this type of data.
The type of information by which you can be personally identified (e.g., e-mail address, mailing address, name, etc.) will only be collected if you affirmatively agree to supply it. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, such information will be used for the purposes specified, implied by or which otherwise logically flow from the nature of the location(s) where such information is provided by you and/or the nature of the information provided. Examples might include submission of your e-mail address in order to receive notifications about Archrock’s filing of press releases and public filings, or submission of your credit card information for the purchase of a product. We do not distribute or sell personal information to third parties for the purpose of allowing them to market their products and services to you and, as detailed in the “Communications from Archrock - Opt-In / Opt-Out” section, we will remove your personal information from our database at your request. Archrock does not seek any private information from you (e.g., health status, race or ethnicity, marital status, criminal record) unless legally required to do so, for example, in connection with recruiting. If you choose to provide such information, by doing so you provide Archrock your consent to use that data in the ways expressly described at the location(s) where such information is provided by you and as otherwise provided in this Agreement.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding paragraphs, Archrock may disclose your personal information to third parties assisting us in carrying out a transaction or providing a service you requested, such as delivering purchases or processing credit card transactions. Additionally, we may disclose specific information (such as identity and contact information) if we believe that such disclosure is necessary or desirable to: (i) fulfill legal or regulatory requirements, (ii) protect our rights or those of others, (iii) prevent or mitigate harm or damage of any kind or nature, (iv) address abusive practices related to use of the Website or (v) address or seek redress for a violation of this Agreement.
If we provide you with the opportunity to give us feedback regarding the Website and/or our products and services, by providing that feedback you acknowledge that it will become the property of Archrock and that Archrock may use that feedback for marketing or other purposes, and, if your contact information is provided, that Archrock may, but is not obligated to, contact you for further feedback.
Third Party Links - We sometimes agree to work with other parties (“Third Party Providers”) to, for example, promote their goods and services on the Website or to provide certain hosting services to Archrock so that we may better serve our Website visitors. The Website contains links to these Third Party Providers’ websites. These Third Party Providers may or may not request information from you. If you interact with these Third Party Providers, they may collect information from you and/or store information on your computer (see discussion of “Cookies,” below), processes over which we have no control. Archrock is not responsible for the Materials or the privacy practices, policies, reliability, operations or quality of Third Party Providers’ websites. The parties at these linked websites are under no duty to abide by the Archrock Privacy Policy. Archrock provides these links as a convenience, and the inclusion of such links does not constitute or imply any affiliation with or sponsorship of the linked website on the part of Archrock. We expressly disclaim all liability arising from your access of and for the content contained within or through any such third party website, and likewise disclaim all warranties, express or implied, with respect to the same. We recommend that you read the privacy policy of every website that asks you to volunteer personal information, particularly when you leave the Website (which might, for example, be indicated by “www.archrock.com” no longer being the first part of the website address in the address box of your web browser). Archrock’s commitments and obligations under this Privacy Policy apply only to information collected by the Archrock Website.
Cookies - To improve your interaction with the Website, Archrock may employ a feature commonly referred to as “cookies.” “Cookies” are pieces of information sent from a website to your computer and stored on your computer’s hard drive. This feature improves efficiency by permitting the website to retain information such as login information and the website pages you last visited, which it can then access on subsequent visits so, for example, you do not need to re-input your information. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but some are changed to, or have a default setting that, rejects them. It is ultimately your choice to accept or reject them. Non-acceptance typically simply results in decreased functionality.
Information From Children - The Website contains information that may be of interest to children, but Archrock does not seek through the Website to gather personal information from or about persons under the age of 17 and we are committed to complying with applicable laws and requirements, such as the United States' Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA).
Sensitive Information - Archrock does not seek any sensitive information from visitors to our Website, unless legally required to do so, for example, in connection with recruiting or hiring. Sensitive information includes a number of types of data relating to: race or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or other similar beliefs, trade union membership, physical or mental health, sexual life or criminal record. We suggest that you do not provide sensitive information of this nature. However, if you do provide such information, Archrock accepts your explicit consent to use that data in the ways described in this Privacy Statement or in the ways described at the point where such information is disclosed.
Communications from Archrock - Opt-In / Opt-Out - The Website provides you the opportunity to register to receive communications from us and our Third Party Providers. Absent your affirmative opt-in, you should not receive any communications from Archrock as a result of your use of the Website. If after opting-in, you choose to no longer receive communications from Archrock or our Third Party Providers, please follow the unsubscribe procedures in the subject communication(s) to opt-out. We will endeavor to remove you from the distribution list for the subject communications as soon as reasonably possible.
Inherent Risks - Communicating via the Internet and providing information, products or services to you by other means necessarily involves your personal information passing through or being handled by third-parties. By choosing to use the Website and, even more so, by choosing to submit information via it, you acknowledge that fact and you consent to and bear all risk of the use of the Internet, including the Website, and those other necessary means of communication and/or transfer.
Limitation of Liability - IN NO EVENT WILL Archrock, ITS AFFILIATES AND DIVISIONS, AND THEIR RESPECTIVE EMPLOYEES, OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, CONTRACTORS, SUPPLIERS, VENDORS, INSURERS AND AGENTS, BE LIABLE TO YOU OR TO ANY OTHER PERSON FOR ANY COSTS, DAMAGES (INCLUDING ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, EXEMPLARY, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES), OR LIABILITY OF ANY NATURE, ARISING FROM ANY CAUSE, RESULTING FROM THE COLLECTION, USE, TRANSFER, PROCESSING, HANDLING, CONTENT, OR STORAGE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION OBTAINED OR SUBMITTED BY YOU RESULTING FROM YOUR ACCESS AND USE OF THIS WEBSITE.
Archrock reserves the right to change, modify, or update this Agreement at any time without notice. The Agreement was originally produced on July 12, 2007 and was last updated on October 1, 2015 (update).
To learn more about the Safe Harbor program, and to view Archrock’s certification, please visit www.export.gov/safeharbor/.