https://www.ddci.com/ddc-i-privacy-policy-statement/
DDC-I Privacy Policy Statement
DDC-I, Inc.
4545 E. Shea Blvd., Suite 210
Phoenix, AZ 85028
E-mail: webmaster@ddci.com
Phone: 602-275-7172
At DDC-I, your privacy on the Internet is important us. DDC-I has developed this privacy policy in an attempt to balance our legitimate business interests in collecting and using information with your reasonable expectations of privacy for your personal information provided to us while visiting our web site. Please review the entire policy and feel free to contact us if you have any questions. This policy may change from time to time so please check back periodically so you are familiar with our current privacy policy.
Collection of User Information
We collect the domain name and e-mail address (where possible) of visitors to our Web page, aggregate information on what pages visitors access or visit, information volunteered by the visitor, such as survey information and/or site registrations.
Children’s Information
DDC-I does not publish content that is targeted to children, and we do not knowingly collect, use or disclose personally identifiable data on children under the age of 13. We encourage all parents to talk to their children about communicating with strangers and disclosing personal information online.
Use of Personal Information Collected
The information we collect is used to improve the content of our Web page, used to customize the content and/or layout of our page for individual visitors (where possible), used to notify visitors about updates to our Web site, used by us to contact visitors for marketing purposes. If you supply us with your postal address, e-mail address or telephone number on-line, you may receive periodic mailings, periodic email or periodic telephone contact from us with information regarding new products and services or upcoming events.
Sharing of Information
We do not share our visitors information with any other organization.
User’s Right to Opt-Out
If you do not want to receive mailings, e-mail or telephone calls from us in the future, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address, calling us at the above telephone number, or writing to us at the above address.
Cookies
We may set and access DDC-I cookies on your computer. We use cookies to:
Estimate and report on traffic to the DDC-I, Inc. Web site
Conduct research to improve the quality of content on the DDC-I, Inc. Web site
Ad Servers
We do not partner with or have relationships with any ad server companies.
Security Features
We do not partner with or have relationships with any ad server companies.
If you feel that this site is not following this privacy policy statement, you may contact us at the above address, phone number, or e-mail address.