https://www.etchuk.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Notice
Etch Group is committed to ensuring your personal information is protected. This privacy notice describes how Etch Group companies, as data controller, collect, use and protect your information.
How we collect your information
The information we hold about you comes from the way you engage with us such as online through our website, via email, the post, events, sales meetings, over the telephone or through the contracts between us. We also collect information during our business relationship.We also collect details of your visits to our website including traffic data, location data, webserver access logs and other communications data and the resources that you access.
The type of information we hold
The information we hold includes name, business address, business contact telephone numbers, business email addresses and details of our transaction and interactions.
How we use your information
We will lawfully process personal information in the following ways;
Where you have ordered goods and services from us or we have a contract with you as a supplier, we process your personal information to fulfil the contract between us.
We process your personal information for the legitimate interest of providing you with the information you have requested and as part of preparing for any contract or a sale.
Where we have an existing relationship, we will use your information for the legitimate interest of sending you marketing information about our products and services or to invite you to events. We do this as it is necessary we promote our business to customers, but we will always offer you the right to opt-out of future communications.
Where we have no existing relationship, but we have acquired your business information from you at an event, we will use this information for the legitimate interest of sending you marketing information about our products and services or to invite you to events. We do this as it is necessary we promote our business to new customers, but we will always offer you the right to opt-out of future communications.
Who we will share your information with
We will not share your personal information about you with third parties without your consent unless the law requires us to. We do need to pass on some of this personal data to:
Our supplies and partners who are involved in delivering the service.
Our business and marketing service providers.
Our suppliers are bound by UK privacy law and the terms of the contracts we have with them.
Storing your information
Your personal information will be stored on systems owned or operated by Etch Group or those of our specific suppliers and will only be stored in the UK, the European Economic Area (EEA), or a country considered to provide adequate data protection by the EU.
Retention
We will retain your personal information in accordance with legal and regulatory requirements. In the case of project or contract related information, we must retain your information for 7 years after the end of the contract.For general business contacts we will only retain your information while we are actively engaged with you. Where we have had no interaction with you for a period of 3 years we will delete your data.
How you can access your information
You have the right to request access to the information we hold about you and we are happy to support such a request. To request your personal information, please contact the Privacy Manager at privacy@etch.group.Your rightsYou have the right to;
object to processing of personal data that is likely to cause, or is causing, damage or distress;
have inaccurate personal data rectified;
request your information to be deleted or destroyed, and if we can we will but sometimes we must maintain some records for legal reasons.
If you are not happy how we are using your information or how we have responded to your request, you have the right to complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office at ico.org.uk.
Use of cookies
We may use cookies and similar technologies on our website. Cookies are small text files that may be stored on your computer or mobile device when you visit our website. Cookies do many different things, such as letting you navigate between web pages efficiently and remembering your preferences. We use cookies to track your use of our site, but we do not use cookies to make decisions about you or to send you marketing information electronically. Please see our cookie policy for more details.
How we will tell you about future changes to this privacy notice
Any changes we make to our privacy notice will be put on our website. Please check for updates from time to time so you are always fully aware of what information is collected and how it is used.
How to contact us
If you have any questions or concerns about our use of your personal information, please contact the Privacy Manager at privacy@etch.group