http://www.mozzle.com/privacy/privacy.htm
Home ^ Products
^ Downloads ^ Purchase
^ Support ^ Affiliate
Program ^ Contact Us
Domain Name Search and Link
Popularity Software
Privacy Policy
About Us
This is a privacy policy for Backslash. Our homepage on the Web is located
at
http://www.backslash.com.au. The
full text of our privacy policy is available on the Web at
http://www.backslash.com.au/privacy/privacy.htm Users may go to
http://www.backslash.com.au/privacy/optout.htm for information on how to opt-in
or opt-out of use of their information.
We invite you to contact us if you have questions about this policy. You may
contact us by mail at the following address:
Backslash
79 Langhorne Crescent
Rowville, VIC 3178
Australia
You may contact us by e-mail at
general@backslash.com.au.
Dispute Resolution and Privacy Seals
We have the following privacy seals and/or dispute resolution mechanisms. If
you think we have not followed our privacy policy in some way, they can help you
resolve your concern.
Additional Information
This policy is valid until 31 Dec, 2005 at 12:00:00 EST.
Data Collection
P3P policies declare the data they collect in groups (also referred to as "statements").
This policy contains 2 data groups. The data practices of each group will be explained
seperately.
Group "Basic information"
We collect the following information:
Click-stream data
HTTP protocol elements
Search terms
This data will be used for the following purposes:
Completion and support of the current activity.
Web site and system administration.
Research and development.
This data will be used by ourselves and our agents.
The following explanation is provided for why this data is collected:
Data collected from all Web users: access logs, and search strings
(if entered).
Group "Cookies"
At the user's option, we will collect the following data:
HTTP cookies
This data will be used for the following purposes:
Research and development.
One-time tailoring.
Tracking sales referred to us by our affiliates.
This data will be used by ourselves and our agents.
The following explanation is provided for why this data is collected:
Cookies are used to track visitors to our site, so we can better understand
what portions of our site best serve you, and to track referrals from our affiliates.
Cookies
Cookies are a technology which can be used to provide you with tailored information
from a Web site. A cookie is an element of data that a Web site can send to your
browser, which may then store it on your system. You can set your browser to notify
you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept
it.
Our site makes use of cookies. Cookies are used for the following purposes:
User targeting
Research and development
Tracking referrals from our affiliates.
Compact Policy Summary
The compact policy which corresponds to this policy is:
CP="IDC DSP COR CURa ADMa DEVa TAIa OUR BUS IND UNI COM NAV INT"
The following table explains the meaning of each field in the compact policy.
Field
Meaning
CP=
This is the compact policy header; it
indicates that what follows is a P3P compact policy.
IDC
Access is available to contact information.
DSP
The policy contains at least one dispute-resolution
mechanism.
COR
Violations of this policy will be corrected.
CURa
The data is used for completion of
the current activity.
ADMa
The data is used for site administration.
DEVa
The data is used for research and development.
TAIa
The data is used for tailoring the
site.
OUR
The data is given to ourselves and
our agents.
BUS
Our business practices specify how
long the data will be kept.
IND
The data will be kept indefinitely.
UNI
Unique identifiers are collected.
COM
Computer information is collected.
NAV
Navigation and clickstream data is
collected.
INT
Interactive data is collected.
The compact policy is sent by the Web server along with the cookies it describes.
For more information, see the P3P deployment guide at http://www.w3.org/TR/p3pdeployment.
Policy Evaluation
Microsoft Internet Explorer 6 will evaluate this policy's compact policy whenever
it is used with a cookie. The actions IE will take depend on what privacy level
the user has selected in their browser (Low, Medium, Medium High, or High; the
default is Medium. In addition, IE will examine whether the cookie's policy is
considered satisfactory or unsatisfactory, whether the cookie is a session cookie
or a persistent cookie, and whether the cookie is used in a first-party or third-party
context. This section will attempt to evaluate this policy's compact policy against
Microsoft's stated behavior for IE6.
Note: this evaluation is currently experimental and should not be considered
a substitute for testing with a real Web browser.
Satisfactory policy: this compact policy is considered satisfactory
according to the rules defined by Internet Explorer 6. IE6 will accept cookies
accompanied by this policy under the High, Medium High, Medium, Low, and Accept
All Cookies settings.
Mozzle
Home
Products
Downloads
Purchase
Support
Affiliate Program
Contact Us
Related
Information
Opt Out Requests
Lodge a Dispute
Copyright © 2009 Backslash.
All Rights Reserved. ^ Privacy Policy ^ Top