http://www.mediamaker.co.uk/privacy-and-cookies/
Privacyand Cookies
privacy policy
This Privacy Policy sets out how MEDIAmaker (“we”) uses and protects any information that you give when you use this Website.
We are committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should you provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
We keep our Privacy Policy under regular review. This Privacy Policy was last updated on 15/5/2018. Details of how to contact us and our Data Protection Office are at the foot of this page.
if you use a website (which MEDIAmaker help provide)
If you use a website we have helped deliver on behalf of a client and have questions about data that site might have collected, we believe it is best if you contact the company who commissioned the website itself. Their details will be in any emails they sent and on the footer of that website in their Privacy Policy.
The commissioning client company will manage all the services and products and answer all enquiries associated with that website. Any personal data you may give them is managed according to that client’s website privacy terms.  As such, if you have a question about your personal data or request in respect of its handling, you should make that request of that company.
if you work for a client company who employs us
If you work with us on behalf of your employer; perhaps to build a website or organise a corporate event; we will only use the details we hold about you in pursuit of our legitimate business interests.
if you believe we hold your personal data
You may request: a printed or electronic copy of your data; that we correct any mistakes; object to, limit or stop the processing of your data; or erase your data. Details of how to contact us are at the foot of this page.
your rights
Under the Data Protection Act 1998, you have rights as an individual which you can exercise in relation to the information we hold about you.
If you believe we hold your personal data, you may request: a printed or electronic copy of your data; that we correct any mistakes; object to, limit or stop the processing of your data; or erase your data. Details of how to contact us are at the foot of this page.
You can read more about these rights here – https://ico.org.uk/for-the-public/is-my-information-being-handled-correctly/
a general overview of your rights
Access- You can ask if we are processing your personal data; for a copy of that data; how we obtained, store and use your data and if we share it.
Rectification - You can ask us to correct inaccurate personal data.
We may seek to verify the accuracy of the data before rectifying it.
ErasureYou can usually ask us to delete your personal data, unless processing of your personal data is necessary by law or in relation to a legal claim.
Restricting Processing- You can ask us to restrict processing your personal data in some circumstances.
We can continue to use your personal data following a request for restriction, where:
we have your consent; or
to establish, exercise or defend legal claims; or
to protect the rights of another natural or legal person.
Portability- We can usually provide a copy your personal data to you on request in .CSV (comma separated variable) format.
Objecting to Processing
If you do not want us to process your personal data, we will stop unless we need to do so and can demonstrate compelling legitimate interests which override your rights and freedoms.
Automated Decision Making- We do not use automated processing or decision making.
International Data Transfers- We will explain the safeguards in place, if your personal data is transferred outside of the European Economic Area.
Your Supervisory AuthorityWe hope we can resolve any issues, but you have a right to contact your local supervisory authority at any time. The UK supervisory authority is the ICO (https://ico.org.uk/).
Identity - We may need to ask you for proof of your identity if you make a request in respect of personal data records.
Fees - There is no fee charged to exercise any of your rights, unless your request for access to information is unfounded, respective or excessive. We will let you know of any charges before completing your request.
Timescales - We might ask you if you can tell us what exactly you want to receive or are concerned about. This will help us to action your request more quickly. We expect to respond to any valid requests within one month unless it is particularly complicated or you have made several requests in which case we aim to respond within three months. We will tell you if we are going to take longer than one month.
Third Party Rights - We do not have to comply with a request where it would adversely affect the rights and freedoms of other data subjects.
contact us
email: dpo@mediamaker.co.uk Phone:  0115 925 5440 and ask for the Data Protection Office Mail: Data Protection Office, MEDIAmaker Ltd, Media House, Padge Road, Beeston,Nottingham, NG9 2RS
using our website
This website is designed to showcase who we are and the services we provide:-
we do not capture any personally identifiable information when you simply browse our website
we do use anonymous cookies and website analytics via a third-party service Google Analytics to understand and improve how our website works as described below
we use a third-party service to help maintain the security and performance of our website. To deliver this service it processes the IP addresses of visitors to our website
If you choose to complete our contact us form or email us, then of course we will start to work with you and keep your details to pursue any mutual & legitimate business interests
how we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use Google Analytics to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
The following cookies are set by Google Analytics:
utma, _utmb, _utmc and _utmz - which contain randomly generated numbers
The following cookies are set by Google and allow us to share our location with you through Google Maps:
pref - which contain randomly generated numbers
The following cookies are set by Twitter and allow us up date you with our news. k, guest_id - which contain part randomly generated numbers
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
looking after your data
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
sharing your data
We will not give, sell or lease your personal information to third parties.
Where we use third parties to provide services to us; they may not use your data for any other purpose. We require all our service providers to respect the confidentiality and security of personal data.
We will share data with the Information Commissioners Office and law enforcement agencies and/or where required to so by law.
controlling your personal information
If you provide your personal information to us, then you have rights you may exercise to control how that data is used or retained.
If we do hold information about you, we will if you request:
give you a description of the data we hold;
tell you why we are holding it;
tell you who it could be disclosed to;
let you have a copy of the information in an intelligible form;
act upon your request to correct or update your details;
restrict or remove the ability to process your data; and
erase the information completely if you require this
(subject to any legal requirement it be retained).
what personal data does MEDIAmaker collect?
On this website, we may collect your business contact details and information about your professional expertise and experience. If we collect further personally identifiable information through our website, we will make it clear when we do so and will explain what we intend to do with it.
other companies who are responsible for your data though services we provide
We are a digital and event services company, who provide support to companies to organise events and set up websites. Therefore MEDIAmaker are not always directly involved in the processing of data associated with those events and or websites.
registering for an event organised by us on behalf of another company
If you are invited to attend an event we organise on behalf of another company (our “client”), you will be able to find the details of that company on your invitation and their privacy policy in other communications associated with the event. If you have any questions about that data, you should contact the company who commissioned the event.
MEDIAmaker may be contracted to send out invitations and capture details necessary to run that event and in turn, we may collate and analyse information from the event itself. In all cases however, we do all of this solely on behalf of the company who contracted MEDIAmaker to provide the event. We transfer all event data we hold back to that company; except where we capture any details about dietary or access requirements, these are erased after the event has taken place.
© 2020 MEDIAmaker Ltd.
Sitemap
Privacy & Cookies
Careers
01/
01
01 Our Story
02 what we do
Events
Event Tech
Virtual Events
Digital
Video
03 Our Work
04 News & thoughts
05 Say hello