http://www.advancedinstaller.com/privacy-policy.html
Toggle navigationFeaturesAnalyticsHelpCommunityBlogPurchaseDownloadAdvanced Installer - Privacy PolicyAdvanced Installer - Privacy PolicyWe are aware of and we share the growing concern of Internet users regarding the widespread distribution of their personal information, and we take great measures to protect our customers and visitors privacy. We do not request, collect or store personal information if you browse our website.This Privacy Notice tells you what to expect in relation to personal information about you which is collected, handled and processed by Caphyon Ltd.Caphyon Ltd., located in EU, Romania, Craiova, Str. Ana Ipatescu, Nr. 51 is the Data Controller.We acknowledge and agree that any personal data of yours that we handle will be processed in accordance with all applicable data protection laws in force from time to time. From 25 May 2018, the General Data Protection Regulations (“GDPR”) apply.This website may contain links to other sites. Caphyon Ltd. is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this website.These measures, along with our belief that it is up to the individual to determine who receives and what may be done with their personal information, ensure that any information submitted on our site will be kept confidential. If you have any questions or concerns, please contact us.When do we process your data?We process personal data about you in the following situations:You have decided to make purchases in our online store. The store operates based on the Terms and Conditions, which you can read here.You have agreed to receive commercial information.You have set up a Trial account.You have sent us a support request ("Ticket").You have sent us a message via the Contact form.You have sent us a request to get access to Demo via the DEMO form.You have applied for a job with us.You are our contact-person with our suppliers, customers or any other third party.We focus on the transparency of processing your personal data. If you have any questions about the process or rules of processing, please contact us.We process your data in accordance with applicable law, ensuring that it remains current and correct. Therefore, from time to time we might remind you about the need to update the data by sending a message to the e-mail address provided by you.The information we may collectThe information about you we may collect, hold and process is set out below:Information collected and processed for providing you the services acquired from https://www.advancedinstaller.com:Your nameYour email addressYour telephone numberYour company nameYour order delivery addressThe projects you sent to our support teamEmailWe don’t like spam any more than you do. If you contact us regarding one of our products, we never sell, trade, or otherwise share any of your private information with any other company or organization. We also do not send you email or postal mail unrelated to the products you are interested in.CookiesA cookie is a piece of data stored on your hard drive that reference information about you on our servers. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on our site. We use cookies to provide an enhanced browsing experience on our website. If you reject the cookie, you may have trouble accessing some features on our website.We do not use cookies to serve our website visitors with targeted content or to retarget them with ads on other website.How we use the informationThe above information is used to provide our services to you, our user.Google Analytics Privacy PolicyWe are using Google Analytics of the company Google Inc. (1600 Amphitheatre Parkway Mountain View, CA 94043, USA) to statistically analyze user data. Google Analytics uses goal oriented cookies. You can find more information about the terms of use and the data protection here;HubSpot Privacy PolicyWe are using HubSpot as our CRM system. Please see HubSpot’s Privacy Policy here here;Mailchimp Privacy PolicyWe also use your email address to send you updates only for the services/ products you purchased from our website. We use Mailchimp as a service provider for email automation campaigns, to deliver the above mentioned updates.We do not share our customers personal data with any external company that might process it.Caphyon reserves the right to share the email address of users registering a free edition of its software with potential technology partners. This rule does not apply to paying users.The projects you sent to our support team for investigation may be re-used by our automated regression tests, to improve the software delivered to you, our customer.Does Caphyon sell or rent my Personal Data?No, Caphyon does not sell or rent your Personal Data.Will Caphyon send me emails?From time to time, we may want to contact you with information about product announcements, software updates, and special offers. We also may want to contact you with information about products and services from our business partners. You may opt out of such communications at any time by clicking the “unsubscribe” link found within Caphyon emails and changing your contact preferences.How we hold the informationAll the personal data we have is stored in our database in the United States of America.How secure is my Information?Caphyon is committed to protecting the security of your Information and takes reasonable precautions to protect it. However, Internet data transmissions, whether wired or wireless, cannot be guaranteed to be 100% secure, and as a result, we cannot ensure the security of Information you transmit to us, including Personal Data and User Content; accordingly, you acknowledge that you do so at your own risk.We use industry-standard encryption to protect your data in transit. This is commonly referred to as transport layer security (“TLS”) or secure socket layer (“SSL”) technology.Once we receive your data, we protect it on our servers using a combination of technical, physical, and logical security safeguards. The security of the data stored locally in any of our Software installed on your computing device requires that you make use of the security features of your device. We recommend that you take the appropriate steps to secure all computing devices that you use in connection with our Site, Software, and Services.If Caphyon learns of a security system breach, we may attempt to notify you and provide information on protective steps, if available, through the email address that you have provided to us or by posting a notice on the Site. Depending on where you live, you may have a legal right to receive such notices in writing.How can I delete my Personal Data from Caphyon?You can remove your Personal Data from Caphyon at any time by writing us a request over email at support@advancedinstaller.com. This is a free service.How long is Personal Data retained?You can remove your Personal Data from Caphyon at any time as described above. However, we may keep some of your Personal Data for as long as reasonably necessary for our legitimate business interests, including fraud detection and prevention and to comply with our legal obligations including tax, legal reporting, and auditing obligations.Your rightsYou currently have the right at any time to ask for a copy of the information about you that we hold, for free. If you would like to make a request for information please email support@advancedinstaller.com.In addition to this right of access, you also have the following rights: erasure, restriction of processing, objection and data portability.Retention of your dataYour data will be retained for no longer than is necessary and in accordance with our Data Retention Policy.Withdrawal of consentIf you have provided us with your consent to process your data, for the purpose of using our services/products, you have the right to withdraw this at any time. In order to do so you should contact us by emailing support@advancedinstaller.com.SpywareAdvanced Installer does not include "spyware". The only network communications it makes are to check if updates or patches are available on our website and when you instruct it to register or purchase a licence.Contact usYou may contact us with any questions relating to this Privacy Policy by email at support@advancedinstaller.com or by postal mail at:Caphyon SRLStr. Ana Ipatescu No. 51Dolj, Craiova, 200340European Union, Romania