https://www.synerion.com/us/privacypolicy/
Products
Agile Workforce Suite
Enterprise Suite
Features
Workforce Management
Time & Attendance
Time Clocks
Employee Scheduling
Absence Management
Labor Costing
Mobile & Tablet
Reporting & Analytics
Integrations
Industries
Why Choose Us
Our People
Blog
Client Support
Request a Demo
Privacy Policy
Synerion Web Privacy Statement
Scope
Synerion is committed to protecting the confidentiality of customer information and the personal information of their employees.  Hence, Synerion has implemented a Privacy Program built on commonly accepted privacy principles in order to meet or exceed privacy regulations in the jurisdictions in which we operate.
Accountability
This Web Privacy Statement is applicable to all visitors of our public facing website.  If you or your employer provide personal information to Synerion using our workforce management software, please see the Privacy Policy posted on that page.  This Web Privacy Statement is not applicable to personal information collected as part of our product offerings.
Our websites and services are not directed to children and we do not knowingly collect or maintain information from anyone under 13.
Purpose – Why We Collect Personal Information
Synerion may gather information by observing how you interact with our website, products and services. Synerion does not acquire any more information about you than what is necessary to provide a high level of service to you.
Consent
By using this website, you are consenting to the collection, use, disclosure and sharing of your personal information as described in this statement.
What Personal Information Do We Collect
Our sites may require visitors to provide contact information such as name, phone number and email address.  This is used to send further information as requested by you, for example if you request a demo.
Technologies such as cookies and web logging are used to enable us to collect information from your web browser such as your IP address, browser type, internet service provider, language, the site you came from, the time and date of a visit, the pages you visit on our site and other traffic data.  We do not link this automatically collected log information with other information that we collect about you. Demographic information such as postal code and profile data may be collected at this site.  Synerion uses this data to tailor your experience to the site, showing you content Synerion believes might interest you, displaying the content according to your preferences, such as language choice, and to advertise our products to visitors.
Who Sees Your Personal Information
Synerion uses a third party to manage sales leads and demo requests when these are requested by a visitor to this website.  This information is not used for any other purpose other than to fulfill your request for further contact.
From time to time Synerion may also provide third parties with aggregate information that is not linked to you or any other individual for the purpose of tracking web visitors or advertising.   Synerion does not sell or provide your name, your email address, or the names and email address of any Synerion customer, to any third party.
The only exception to any part of this section is if Synerion is compelled to do so by an appropriately empowered governmental authority.
Protection of Personal Information
Synerion will endeavour to protect personal information from loss, theft, unauthorized access, unauthorized disclosure or modification and destruction through appropriate administrative, technical and physical security measures and safeguards.  The level of safeguards used to protect personal information will depend on the sensitivity of the personal information.  No technology is 100% so while we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Public Forums
If you choose to comment on our blog, be aware that any information you provide may be read, collected and used by others who access the blog.
Links From this Website
Links to websites not under our control are provided for the convenience of our visitors. We are not responsible for the accuracy or reliability of the content. We do not offer any guarantee and are not responsible for the information found through these links. Websites accessed by these links have their own Privacy Statements and do not fall under the scope of this Statement.
Changes to this Policy
Any updates or changes will be posted to this privacy statement and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.  We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time.  If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, by email, or by a notice on our website.
Contact Information
For questions or comments regarding this Web Privacy Statement, the Privacy program in general, or if you want to file a complaint about how your personal information has been handled, please contact:
Privacy Office
Synerion North America
7420 Airport Road, Suite 101
Mississauga, ON
L4T 4E5
1-877-816-8463
If Synerion receives a complaint, we will investigate it and respond to the individual filing the complaint within 45 days of receiving it.  If an individual is not satisfied with the response, they may file a formal response with the appropriate authority:
CANADA:  The Privacy Commissioner of their province or
The Office of the Privacy Commissioner of Canada
30 Victoria Street
Gatineau, Quebec,
K1A 1H3
1-800-282-1376
UNITED STATES:  The Attorney General in the appropriate State