http://www.higreetings.com/privacy.html
SEARCH :
Home
Anniv
Birthday
Congrats
Events
Everyday
Family
Flowers
Friendship
Inspire
Invites
Love
In Touch
Thank You
Wedding
HiGreetings  »  Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
We have created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for our Site.
Security Policies
Please keep in mind that whatever you publicly disclose online - for example in an e-card, or through e-mail - can be collected and used by others or unlawfully intercepted by third parties. No data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. While we strive to protect your personal information, the Operators cannot warrant the security of any information you transmit to us and you do so at your own risk. In addition, the Operators may disclose information to law enforcement or other government officials if we determine such disclosure to be necessary or appropriate, or if we are compelled to disclose it by court order or operation of law.
Use of Cookies
Cookies are pieces of information that a Web site transfers to a user's computer hard drive for record-keeping purposes. Cookies make Web-surfing easier for you by saving your preferences while you are at our site. We never save passwords or credit card information in cookies. Accepting a cookie does not give anyone access to your computer or to any personal information. It is simply a small file in which we keep information that identifies you as a unique user. For example, we may use a cookie to indicate when you have already voted for a particular site to prevent multiple voting and a distortion of results.
The use of cookies is an industry standard - you'll find them at most major Web sites. Most browsers are initially configured to accept cookies. However, you can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or indicate when a cookie is being sent. Although you will still be able to enjoy many of the features on the Site if you disable your browser from accepting cookies, some parts of the Site's service will not function properly or may be considerably slower if you refuse cookies.
About IP Addresses and Surveys Used for Research Purposes
An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the Web. Web servers - the computers that "serve up" Web pages - automatically identify your computer by its IP address. When users request pages on the site, our servers log their IP addresses. Some activities within the Site, such as when you send an ecard, will save your IP. Please review each activity prior to use and only participate in those that involve the disclosure of information you are comfortable with sharing.
Links from HiGreetings.com to Other Web Sites
The Operators Privacy Policy addresses only the use and disclosure of information we collect from you on the Site. You may occasionally get cookies from businesses that advertise on the site which the Operators do not control and when you link to the Web sites of third party advertisers, for example through an advertising banner, your use of those sites will be subject to the privacy policies of such third parties, which may differ from the Operators.
Your Acceptance of These Terms
By using the Site, you signify your consent to the collection and use of personal information by the Operators as outlined in this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our site. If we make any material changes to the Privacy Policy, those changes will be posted on this page so that you are always aware of what personal information the Operators collect, how that information is used, and under what circumstances the Operators disclose that information. Since this policy may change from time to time, you should check back periodically. Your continued use the Site following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes.
Copyright © HiGreetings.com - Free Greeting cards for every occasion. Some Rights Reserved.
Site Map | Privacy Policy | Terms of Service
We Love Emails, Do you?
Name:
Email:
Subject:
Message:
Feedback