http://www.dfincbackup.com/Help/privacy_policy.htm
Main

Products

Download

Buy Now

Freeware

Online Help

Support
Online help - DFIncBackup
Contents

Glossary
Privacy Policy:
Last Modified May 2018
DFIncBackup Team ("us", "we", or "our") operates the http://www.dfincbackup.com/ website (the "Website") and DFIncBackup application (the "App").
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data.
We use your data to provide and improve the website/app. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.
Specific notices regarding the software available on this website
The materials on DFIncBackup Team's ("DFIncBackup") World Wide Web Servers ("Site") are provided as a service to its customers and may be used for informational purposes only. Copies may be downloaded subject to the provisions below. By downloading any materials from this site, you agree to these terms. If you do not agree to these terms, please do not use the site or download any materials from it. Nothing contained herein shall be construed as conferring any license or right under any DFIncBackup Team copyright.
DOCUMENTS PUBLISHED BY DFINCBACKUP TEAM ON THEIR SITES ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. DFINCBACKUP TEAM SHALL NOT UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES BE LIABLE TO ANY PERSON FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES RESULTING FROM USE OF OR RELIANCE ON THE INFORMATION PRESENTED, LOSS OF PROFIT, REVENUES OR COSTS OF REPLACEMENT GOODS, EVEN IF INFORMED IN ADVANCE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF DAMAGES.
Every effort has been made to ensure the accuracy of the information presented. However, DFIncBackup Team assumes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information. The information presented on the site is subject to change without notice. DFIncBackup Team may make improvements and/or changes in the products and/or the programs described on the site at any time without notice. Mention of third party products or services is for information purposes only and constitutes neither an endorsement nor a recommendation.
Collection, processing and passing of personal data
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Website and App for you.
Data Collected by DFIncBackup Team
While using our Website, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Data"). Below is a detailed list of the information we collect and how we use it.
Placing an order
When you place an order from our Website, it is processed by one of the third party payment processor we use: Paypro Global. They collect personally identifiable information such as your full name, company, email address, phone number, physical address, IP address, payment method and credit card information, to be able to process your payment and issue an invoice. You can consult their individual privacy policies to see how they store and process your data:
Paypro Global's Privacy Policy
None of the payment processors send the payment details to us, we do not receive or record any payment details. We receive the following information from the payment processors: full name, company, email address, phone number, physical address, IP address and payment method. We use these details to deliver you the license key and provide you customer support.
Contacting us
When you contact us using the contact form via the Website or emailing us directly, any personally identifiable information you send to us is only used to identify you as a client and help with your support issue. We also archive all the emails. We do not share your email correspondence details with other third party providers. We do not use your email address collected via the online form to send you promotional emails.
Tracking & Cookies
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Website and App and hold certain information. Cookies are files with small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Tracking technologies also used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our Website and App. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Website.
Data Collected by Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate access to our Products and Services ("Service Providers"), to provide various services on our behalf or to assist us in analyzing how our Products and Services are used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these services on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Facebook Comments and social buttons (Facebook)
Facebook Comments/Social button is a service provided by Facebook Inc. that allows users to share comments/like some pages of our Website and share them on the Facebook Platform. Place of Data Processing for the collected data is USA. For details regarding Facebook's policy on data processing via Facebook comments/social button see www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation.php
Twitter social buttons (Twitter)
This is a service supplied by Twitter that allows users to push a button on our Website ("Twitter Button") and share liking of our Website on Twitter.com without having to exit the page. Place of Data Processing for the collected data is USA. For details regarding Twitter's policy on data processing via the Twitter Button see twitter.com/privacy.
Google Analytics (Google)
Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"), which uses "cookies" to collect Users' Personal Data which are forwarded to, and deposited on, Google's servers in the United States. Google uses the Data collected to track and examine the Website's usage, prepare reports on the Website's activities for the website managers and supply other optional services. Google may use the collected Data to carry out behavioral targeting of the Website's Users. Google does not associate the user's IP address with any other information in Google's possession. Any refusal to utilize the cookies, by selecting the appropriate setup on your browser, may prevent the use of some functions of this Website. The place of Data Processing for the collected data is USA. For details regarding Google's policy on data processing via Google Analytics see: www.google.com/intl/en/analytics/privacyoverview.html
Use of Your Personal Information
DFIncBackup Team uses the collected data for various purposes:
* To provide and maintain the Website and App
* To notify you about changes to our Website or App
* To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Website when you choose to do so
* To provide customer care and support
* To provide analysis or valuable information so that we can improve the Website or App
* To monitor the usage of the Website and App
* To detect, prevent and address technical issues
* To provide customized upgrade information regarding your license
* To make the Website or related services easier to use by eliminating the need to re-enter the same information (login, ordering)
* To send certain mandatory service communications such as activation notifications, billing requests, information on technical service issues, security announcements.
Transfer Of Data
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to - and maintained on - computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.
Personal information collected by DFIncBackup Team through its sites, apps and services may also be stored and processed by third-party partners to be able to provide you our products/services (i.e. payment processors). By using our web site or a DFINcBackup Team product/service you agree that your personal information may be transferred to any country in which DFIncBackup Team or its affiliates, subsidiaries or distribution partners maintain facilities.
DFIncBackup Team will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.
Removal procedures
As all information is collected via opt-in methods, we believe all information you receive from DFIncBackup Team will be relevant to your computing needs. However, if you do not wish to receive communications from us or want your details removed from our server you can contact us at support@dfincbackup.com.
Disclosure Of Data
DFIncBackup Team may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
* To comply with a legal obligation
* To protect and defend the rights or property of DFIncBackup Team
* To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Website or App
* To protect the personal safety of users of the Website or App to the public
* To protect against legal liability
Security Of Data
The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links To Other Sites
Our Website and App may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Children's Privacy
Our Website and App do not address anyone under the age of 18 ("Children"). We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Children has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:
By email: support@dfincbackup.com
Trademarks
All product and brand names mentioned in this Site are trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective holders.
Copyright  2003-2018 Gueranitchev A.