http://www.invite-o-matic.com/privacy.htm
FAQ
Make an Invitation!
Sample Invitations
- Party Invitation
- Baby Shower Invitation
- Date Invitation
- Movie Invitation
- Coffee Invitation
Books
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Free DHTML scripts provided by
Dynamic Drive
PRIVACY STATEMENT
Information Collection and Use
Jarusa is the sole owner of the information collected on www.Invite-o-Matic.com.
Invite-o-Matic.com collects information from our users at one
specific point on our Web site.
Invitation Creation
In order
to create an invitation, a user must first complete the invitation form.  During this process a user [may]
give contact information (such as name and email address). We use this
information only to create an invitation that is dynamically created using the information supplied by the user.
The URL to the dynamically created invitation is given out only to the email address which the user provides in the invitation form.
It is then at the user's discretion to distribute the address for the invitation to intended guests. Information provided in the invitation creating form is not kept on any database by the website invite-o-matic.com.
Third Party Advertising
The ads appearing
on this Web site are delivered to users by fastclick.com, our
Web advertising partner. Information about users’ visit to this site, such as
number of times they have viewed an ad (but not user name, address, or other
personal information), is used to serve ads to users on this site. For more
information about fastclick.com, cookies, and how to
"opt-out", please click here
This privacy statement
covers the use of cookies by www.Invite-o-Matic.com only and does not cover the use of
cookies by any advertisers.
Log Files
Like most
standard Web site servers we use log files.
This includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet
service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp,
and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s
movement in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information for
aggregate use.  IP addresses, etc. are
not linked to personally identifiable information.
Communications from the Site
Newsletter
If
a user wishes to subscribe to our newsletter, we ask for contact information
such as name and email address. Out of
respect for our users privacy we provide a way to opt-out of these
communications.
Service Announcements
On
rare occasions it is necessary to send out a strictly service related
announcement.  For instance, if our
service is temporarily suspended for maintenance we might send users an email.  Generally, users may not opt-out of these
communications, though they can deactivate their account.  However, these communications are not
promotional in nature.
Customer Service
We
communicate with users on a regular basis to provide requested services and in
regards to issues relating to their account we reply via email, in
accordance with the users wishes.
Sharing
Legal Disclaimer
Though
we make every effort to preserve user privacy, we may need to disclose personal
information when required by law wherein we have a good-faith belief that such
action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order
or legal process served on our Web site.
Links
This
Web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we, invite-o-matic, are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other
sites.  We encourage our users to be
aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and
every Web site that collects personally identifiable information.  This privacy statement applies solely to
information collected by this Web site.
Tell-A-Friend
If a user
elects to use our referral service for informing a friend about our site, we
ask them for the friend’s name and email address.  Invite-o-Matic.com will automatically send the friend a one-time
email inviting them to visit the site.
Invite-o-Matic.com does not store this information.
Security
This Web site takes every precaution to protect our
users’ information.  When users submit
sensitive information via the Web site, their information is protected both
online and off-line.
If users have any questions about the security at our
Web site, users can send an email to webmaster@invite-o-matic.com
Notification of Changes
If we
decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy
statement, the homepage, and other places we deem appropriate so our users are
always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what
circumstances, if any, we disclose it.
We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under
which the information was collected.
If,
however, we are going to use users’ personally identifiable information in a
manner different from that stated at the time of collection we will notify
users via email. Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their
information in this different manner.
However, if users have opted out of all communication with the site, or
deleted/deactivated their account, then they will not be contacted, nor will
their personal information be used in this new manner.  In addition, if we make any material changes
in our privacy practices that do not affect user information already stored in
our database, we will post a prominent notice on our Web site notifying users
of the change. In some cases where we post a notice we will also email users,
who have opted to receive communications from us, notifying them of the changes
in our privacy practices.
Contact Information
If
users have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, please
contact us at:
Phone: +061 03 9363 0060
Email: webmaster@invite-o-matic.com
Postal
Address: PO Box 3363, Caroline Springs, Victoria, Australia, 3023
| Decimal Birthday | Decimal Anniversary | Echoes of Nature E-Greetings | Least Popular Web Pages || Pokemon Cooking Fun | Webmaster School |
This page created by Invite-o-Matic.com
© Invite-o-Matic.com 2003.