http://www.usmicroproducts.com/policies/user-privacy-and-security-policy
Skip to main content
You dream it,
We make it a reality.
Banner Privacy Policy
User Privacy and Security Policy
You are hereHome » Privacy and Security Policy
At US Micro Products, keeping your information private is important.
Please refer to the following information if you have any questions.
Web Site Visits
Our website logs IP addresses. We do this in order to be able to monitor, maintain, and improve our website. We do not collect any personal information on this process.
If we ask a customer for contact information, is only for shipping and billing purposes. We will never share this information with third parties.
Customer Information
After you make a purchase, your personal information will be saved in our customer file for future reference. We do not store credit card information from your purchases after the transaction has been done.
Again, we promise to never share this information with third parties or companies that are not related to the service that we are providing for you.
Email Addresses
Your email address may be used to communicate information regarding your order or promotional emails. You can always choose to opt-out of our newsletters.
Your email address will never be sold or traded to other companies.
Other Uses of Customer Information
US Micro Products will share customer information with government agencies if required by law.
Web Site Security
You can shop at www.usmicroproducts.com with confidence. We have partnered with Authorize.Net, a leading payment gateway since 1996, to accept credit cards and electronic check payments safely and securely for our customers.
The Authorize.Net Payment Gateway manages the complex routing of sensitive customer information through the electronic check and credit card processing networks.
The company adheres to strict industry standards for payment processing, including:
128-bit Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology for secure Internet Protocol (IP) transactions.
Industry-leading encryption hardware and software methods and security protocols to protect customer information.
Compliance with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS).
For additional information regarding the privacy of your sensitive cardholder data, please read the Authorize.Net Privacy Policy.
www.usmicroproducts.com is registered with the Authorize.Net Verified Merchant Seal program.
Although USMP believes it has incorporated commercially reasonable security techniques and other monitoring and control systems that are considered appropriate by the electronic commerce industry for the computing environment and services contemplated for its business, USMP shall not be responsible for the loss, confidentiality, or security of customer-specific data or information while in transmission over third party communication lines or through other network interconnections over which USMP has no direct security control.
Contact Information
Please contact us if you have any questions, concerns, or comments.
US Micro Products Inc
6207 Bee Caves Rd. Ste. 330
Austin, Tx 78746
Phone: (800) 741-7755
Email: info@usmicroproducts.com
Note: We reserve the right to make changes to our privacy policy at any time without prior notification.