http://www.insightmatters.com/about/privacy
Menu
About Us
Insight Matters
Stephanie Thompson
Media & Articles
Privacy Policy
Psychometric Services
Psychometrics
All services
Pre-employment Testing
Psychometric Consulting
Qualia Personality
Employee Surveys
Coaching & Behavioural Services
Coaching
All services
Executive Coaching
Outplacement & Career Coaching
CoachCam
Culture Change
Training Courses
Training
All courses
Occupational Personality Profiling
Stress Inoculation
Coaching Skills for Leaders
Contact Us
About Us
Privacy Policy
Using this website and our services
Insight Matters adheres to the Privacy Act 1988, including the Privacy Amendment Act 2012 and the Privacy Regulation 2013.  This sets out a number of principles concerning the privacy of individuals.
Collection of your personal information
Most areas of the Insight Matters website can be viewed without providing personal information.
To utilise the Contact us feature you are required to submit personally identifiable information.  This includes but is not limited to your full name and email address.
Use of your personal information
The information you provide to us via this website is used only to communicate with you personally and/or to enable your access to Insight Matters services.
Anonymous web statistics may also be collected for each site visitor, including but not limited to browser type and version, operating system, pages viewed, page access times and referring website address.  This information is used internally for the purpose of understanding visitor trends and enhancing the website.
Sharing of your personal information
Insight Matters does not share your personal information with other organisations.
We may occasionally contract other companies to provide services to Insight Matters.  Rarely, it is possible that those companies may have access to your information in the course of providing their services to us.  Insight Matters takes reasonable steps to ensure that these organisations are bound by similar commitments to confidentiality and privacy.
Accessing your personal information
You have a right to access your personal information, subject to exceptions allowed by law or by psychologists' professional practice guidelines.  You may be required to put your request in writing for security reasons.
Additional Insight Matters privacy policies
Insight Matters may apply additional privacy policies or clauses when providing you with coaching, consulting or psychological services, as further commitment to protecting your privacy on personal or commercially sensitive matters.  These will be detailed in the course of engaging or delivering these services.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Insight Matters reserves the right to make amendments to this Privacy Policy at any time.
In future it is possible that we may utilise customer information in new, unanticipated ways not expressly described in this current privacy notice.  If our information practices change substantially, visitors will be notified and invited to participate or abstain from the updated practices, and the Privacy Policy on this page will be amended accordingly.
If you have objections to this Privacy Policy, you should not access or use this site.
Questions?
We take your privacy seriously.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us.