http://www.bolidesoft.com/privacy.html
>
About
>
Downloads
>
Purchase
>
Support
Bolide® Software Privacy Policy
This page explains what information we collect from our users and visitors of our site and how the collected information is used. We respect your privacy.
Collected information
We may collect the information provided by your system automatically, such as IP address, system language, browser type. It is logged by our web server automatically. Bolide® Software is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement. Bolide® Software collects information from our users and site visitors at several different points.
Uninstall feedbacks
When you uninstall some of our program, an uninstall feedback form is shown in your default browser. All fields of the form are optional, you can provide as much or as little information about yourself and your reason to uninstall as you wish. If you do not wish to share any information, just close uninstall feedback page in your browser.
The program you uninstall may send its name and version number to our server.
Support requests and Bug reports
If you have any questions about our product, site, or company, you can contact us using the support forms on the site. In this situation we need some information from you in order to be able to send our reply. The collected information include: your name, email address, program you want to ask about, version of the program, your operating system, your comments (description of the problem etc.). You provide the information by entering text or selecting values of the corresponding fields of the form.
If you are a registered user and open the support form from your registered copy of our program, for your convenience your registration name will be sent to our server and filled into the corresponding field. If you prefer to fill out all fields manually, just visit our site and open the support form using the "Contact us" section instead of opening it from the program.
Placing an Order
You can purchase a license to our software using the buy links available on our site. The links will lead you to a secure site of our e-commerce provider. All information that you provide on the site is processed by the e-commerce provider according to its privacy policy (a link to the privacy policy of the e-commerce provider can be found directly on the ordering page).
After purchasing a license you will receive your registration data. The data consists of the name that you provided when purchasing and a special key generated to the name. This information is used to unlock the program on your computer, your registration name may be sent to our server at the first run of the registered version as a part of the request that retrieves the page informing you about successful registration. When you use the registered version of the program, your registration name may be sent to our server exclusively in the situations described by this document.
Application
When you install our program a "Thank you" page is shown in your browser. Our program may send information about the data that you download with the program to our server along with an anonymous identifier. Additionally, your registration data, your version of the program, your computer's ID code can be submitted.
How the Collected Information Is Used?
The information we collect is used mostly for your convenience or for the purpose of improving our products and services. No collected information can be accessed by or transferred to third parties, except for situations when this would be necessary to enforce compliance with law. In some situations collected information can be used to prevent illegal use of our software. We do not send spam, the email address that you specify in your request or uninstall feedback will be used solely for the purpose of replying to your request.
Changes
We may change our Privacy Policy from time to time. The most up-to-date document can always be found on our site. We will also inform our registered users of any significant changes, using available means of communication.
"We are looking for the best"
Max Smirnov, CEO
Browse Our Products
You are welcome here! Privacy Policy   -   Terms of Use
Copyright ©2003-2020 by Bolide® Software