http://www.passpack.com/privacy
Passpack Privacy Policy
Posted: September 5, 2017
Effective: September 5, 2017
This policy describes how we collect, use and handle your information when you use our website, software
and services ("Services").
What & Why
We collect and use the following information in order to provide our Services:
Account. We collect, and associate with your account, information like your name,
email address, phone number, payment info, and account activity.
Services. Our Services allow you to store your encrypted credentials and other
sensitive data, collaborate with others, and work across multiple devices. To make that possible, we
store, process, and transmit your encrypted data, messages, and other data as well as information
related to it. This related information can be things like your profile nickname and profile image that
makes it easier to collaborate and connect with others. Our Services provide you with
different options for collaboration.
Usage. We collect information related to usage of our Services,
including actions you take in your account. This helps us provide you with features like access logs and
audit logs.
We also collect information from and about the devices you use to access the Services.
This includes things like IP addresses, the type of browser and device you use, and identifiers
associated with your devices. Your devices (depending on their settings) may also transmit location
information to the Services.
Cookies and other technologies. We use technologies like cookies to
provide, improve, protect and promote our Services. For example, cookies help us with
things like remembering your username for your next visit, understanding how you are interacting with
our Services, and improving them based on that information. You can set your browser to
not accept cookies, but this may limit your ability to use the Services. If our systems
receive a do not track signal from your browser, we'll respond to that signal as outlined
here.
With whom
We may share information as discussed below, but we won't sell it to advertisers or other third
parties.
Others working for Passpack. Passpack uses certain trusted third parties (for
example, providers of payment processing services) to help us provide, improve, protect, and promote our
Services. These third parties will access your information only to perform tasks on our
behalf in compliance with this Privacy Policy, and we'll remain responsible for their handling of
your information per our instructions.
Other users. Our Services display information like your
nickname, profile picture, to other users in places like your connection profile and sharing
notifications.
Lawful Requests and other disclosures. We may disclose your information to third
parties if we determine that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to (a) comply with the law; (b)
protect any person from death or serious bodily injury; (c) prevent fraud or abuse of Passpack or our
users; or (d) protect Passpack's property rights.
Stewardship of your data is critical to us and a responsibility that we take seriously. Our users'
data should receive the same legal protections regardless of whether it's stored on our servers or
on their device. When responding to government requests (including national security requests) for our
users' data we will:
Be transparent,
Fight blanket requests,
Protect all users and
Provide trusted services.
Service Subprocessors
Amazon Simple Email Service Used to provide account and service notifications
Stripe Used to provide payment processing
Zendesk Used to provide help desk services and customer support
MailChimp Used to provide marketing emails and newsletter services
We publish a Transparency Report as part of our
commitment to informing users about when and how
governments ask us for information. This report details the types and numbers of requests we receive
from law enforcement.
How
Security. We have a team dedicated to keeping your information secure and testing
for vulnerabilities. We also continue to work on features to keep your information safe in addition to
things like two-factor authentication, and client side encryption to prevent disclosure of your
encrypted data. However no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is
100% secure, the security of your Information also depends on how you use the Services
and protect your login credentials and the Packing Key that enables you to access your account and
decrypt your Encrypted Data.
Retention. We'll retain information you store on our
Services for as long as we need it to provide you the Services. If you
delete your account, we'll also delete this information. But please note: (1) there might be some
latency in deleting this information from our servers and back-up storage; and (2) we may retain this
information if necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, or enforce our
agreements. You can access your personal information by logging into your Passpack account.
Where
To provide you with the Services, we may store, process and transmit information in the
United States and other locations around the world - including those outside your country. Information
may also be stored locally on the devices you use to access the Services.
Your rights
If you are in the European Economic Area (EEA), you have the following rights with respect to
information that Passpack holds about you. Passpack strives to provide you with these rights no matter
where you are located.
You may exercise your rights to limit the use of your data by third parties, or receive a report of the data and usage of that data by contacting customer support at support@passpack.com.
You may also remove data not required by law for retention from our services by deleting your account.
Right to access: You have the right to access the categories of personal information
that we hold about you, including the information's source, purpose and period of processing,.
Right to rectification: You have the right to update the information we hold about you
or to rectify any inaccuracies. Based on the purpose for which we use your information, you can instruct
us to add supplemental information about you in our database.
Right to erasure: You have the right to request that we delete your personal
information in certain circumstances, such as when it is no longer necessary for the purpose for which
it was originally collected.
Right to restriction of processing: You may also have the right to request to restrict
the use of your information in certain circumstances, such as when you have objected to our use of your
data but we need to verify legitimate use or legal obligations to use it.
Right to data portability: You have the right to transfer your information to a third
party in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format.
Right to object: You have the right to object to the use of your information in certain
circumstances, such as the use of your personal information for direct marketing.
Right to complain: You have the right to complain to the appropriate supervisory
authority if you have any grievance against the way we collect, use or share your information. This
right may not be available to you if there is no supervisory authority dealing with data protection in
your country.
Changes
If we are involved in a reorganization, merger, acquisition or sale of our assets, your information may
be transferred as part of that deal. We will notify you (for example, via a message to the email address
associated with your account) of any such deal and outline your choices.
We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time, and will post the most current version on our
website. If a revision meaningfully reduces your rights, we will notify you.
Contact
Have questions or concerns about Passpack, our Services and privacy? Contact us at
support@passpack.com.