https://www.speedupnew.com/about-us/terms.html
Top PC Optimizers
Compare Optimizers
Best Speed Results
Best PC Repair
Gaming Optimizer
Internet Optimizers
Category: Home >
Terms and Conditions
1 - Definitions and Agreement
2 - Liability and Legal Issues
3 - Disclaimer
4 - Disclosure
5 - Use Of Trademarks
6 - Copyright Notice
7 - Posted Offers and Price Structure
8 - How To Contact Us
9 - Updates and Changes
10 - Enforcement, Jurisdiction, and Acceptance
1 - Definitions and Agreement
DEFINITION OF REFERENCES TO US.
For the purpose of these Terms and Conditions, the words "we", "us", and "our" shall essentially refer to: the owner(s) of this web site (or web site), and/or anyone involved in the content, design, creation, or operation of this web site This web site being the domain of speedupnew.com, any sub-domain there-of, any blog's there-of, any forums there-of, and may include any service provided for us from a third party.
YOUR JURISDICTION.
If our web site does not comply with the laws and regulations of your jurisdiction of citizenship and/or residence, you must NOT use our web site AND you agree that any previous interaction with this web site shall be considered null and void.
ACCEPTANCE OF TERMS.
YOUR USE CONSIDERED ACCEPTANCE OF OUR TERMS AND CONDITIONS INCLUDING ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF OUR DISCLAIMER AND DISCLOSURE.
You must agree to ALL of the Terms and Conditions within this document to make use of this web site and information provided by us. By using our web site, you are agreeing to our Terms and Conditions, and therefore, you acknowledge that you have read our Disclaimer and Disclosure included within this document. If you do NOT fully agree to these Terms and Conditions AND read our Disclaimer and Disclosure, you must leave immediately and accept our thanks for visiting. Continuing to use our web site will be considered as an acceptance of these Terms and Conditions which automatically includes acknowledgement that you have read our Disclaimer AND our Disclosure within. These entire Terms and Conditions shall be considered binding and applicable to the fullest extent as permitted by law.
2 - Liability and Legal Issues
LIABILITY.
You agree to never hold us or this web site liable and/or legally responsible for any consequence(s) in whole or in part resulting from any and/or all use of this web site We will not be liable and/or legally responsible for any and/or all indirect and/or direct and/or exemplary and/or consequential and/or special and/or any type of damages, regardless of cause and/or which party is at fault, including if this web site and/or we are negligent in any way. By using this web site, you agree to indemnify us and/or to hold harmless this web site against any and/or all liability for any and/or all claims and/or expenses, including all lawyer's fees as permitted by law. You are using this web site at your own risk and you are ultimately responsible for any and all actions you may take during and/or after using this web site and/or putting to use the information from this web site
LEGALITY OF PRODUCTS AND/OR SERVICES.
It is your responsibility to determine whether a software download, and/or product, and/or service appearing on our site complies with the laws and/or regulations of your jurisdiction of citizenship and/or residence. We do not encourage or condone the use of any software download, and/or product, and/or service in violation of any laws and/or regulations that are applicable to you. This web site does not license, or directly sell any products, and/or services listed on our web site. We cannot be held liable and/or legally responsible for any and/or all indirect and/or direct and/or exemplary and/or consequential and/or special and/or any type of damages, regardless of cause and/or which party is at fault for any issues that arise from your use of, or download of these products, and/or services.
UNWARRANTED LEGAL ACTIONS.
These entire Terms and Conditions shall be considered binding and applicable to the fullest extent as permitted by law. You agree to never take any type of unwarranted legal action and/or threaten any type of unwarranted legal action against us or this web site Doing so, may be considered an act of harassment, as you have ultimately breached these terms and conditions by continuing to use this web site without agreeing to these said terms and conditions. You agree to fully reimburse the owner(s) and/or legal representative(s) of this web site for all legal fees and any other costs or losses relating to any wrongful and/or unwarranted law suit or legal action filed on your behalf as permitted by law.
CAUSE NO HARM TO THIS WEB SITE.
You agree to not use this web site in any way that causes and/or may eventually cause negative consequences to this web site including but not limited to fully or partially disabling and/or damaging and/or overloading this web site, and/or preventing in any way this web site's visitors ability to use our web site in a normal manner. You agree to not link to our site or set about to submit our site to another site in a way that would negatively affect our search engine rankings. You agree to not attempt to and/or acquire any materials or any information from this web site that is not accessible to the public. We reserve the right to deny and/or block access to any user and/or group of users for any reason(s) whatsoever. Any intentional actions to harm this web site in any way will be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law.
DMCA, ABUSE, AND IP RECORDS.
You agree that we may record and put to use your IP address and your computer configuration data. Usage of this data includes but is not limited to helping us support any claim by us under the DMCA (Digital Millennium Copyright Act) to provide proof of theft from our web site. We may also use your IP and data to collect statistical information in order to improve our web site for our visitors. In rare cases, we may use the IP address and computer configuration data to identify attacks on our web site in order to take the appropriate legal action.
WAIVER OF PROVIDING OUR PERSONAL INFORMATION.
With Identity Theft on the rise and other personal information scams, you agree that it is acceptable that we do not post our personal information on our About Us page or within any other location of this web site. You also agree it is acceptable for us to use a privacy service to protect our personal information from being displayed in the Whois public database. We are a general information site. We do not sell products or services directly on our web site and as a result there is no need to provide any type of sale or technical support options. Therefore, providing names, physical addresses, phone numbers, and other personal information would simply be inconsequential and an unnecessary security risk for us. We strongly believe in your privacy (see our Privacy Policy link at the bottom of every content page) and we reserve the right for some privacy on our part.
3 - Disclaimer
YOU ASSUME ALL RISK WITH NO GUARANTEE FROM US.
You will be using this web site and information provided by us at your own risk without a guarantee of any sort. Therefore, this web site and/or the owner(s) of this web site, and/or anyone involved in the content, design, creation, or operation of this web site shall not be held responsible and/or liable in any way for any physical and/or mental and/or computer and/or financial and/or any other losses and/or problems of any kind resulting from your using, and/or reading of, and/or sharing of, and/or putting to use, any of the information provided by us and/or this web site Any and all information, offers, products, and services displayed and/or received from us and/or this web site are subject to human error, are not guaranteed to be accurate, and may change without notice.
USE OF WEBSITE AND INFORMATION PROVIDED.
Any and all information provided by us and this web site is meant for your consideration and general information only. Due to the enormous variations of computer configurations, we can not possibly guarantee that any computer related tweaks, and/or tips, and/or any and all information provided by us will work for your particular computer. If you do decide to use our web site and/or information, you will be proceeding at your own risk and we are NOT responsible nor to be held liable in whole or in part for the result(s).
OUR SUGGESTIONS AND OPINIONS.
You should always assume that all references made to any products and/or services on our web site are due to a material connection existing between the owner of this web site and the company of the product and/or service being referenced. More details are available in our disclosure. There are many factors that determine what your experience will be; such as operating system, hardware configuration, Internet configuration, age of your PC system, your knowledge of computers, and how much patience you have to learn. This web site may also include promotional language in the form of ad banners and/or worded text, therefore any and all information posted on this web site shall not be perceived as a recommendation from us. This includes but is not limited to the use of popular promotional ad banner phrases such as "we recommend", "highly recommended" and so forth. We also reserve the right to express our opinion. You may find our opinion scattered throughout our web site content and it may or may not have a noted phrase such as "this is our opinion" or similar. Please also note that any and all information on this web site including ad banners may or may not be aligned with our own current personal opinions. Of course, we may change our opinion at any time on any subject without any obligation on our part to update any of our web site's content concerning any subject. Due to the enormous variations in computer configurations and user experience, any examples, claims, or results, do NOT
apply to the average user and are not guaranteed to be an accurate representation of the results you will achieve.
LINKS TO OTHER WEB SITES.
We provide links to and may suggest you visit other web site's, however we are not responsible for the products, services, policies, terms, or anything in whole or in part of any other web site(s). We encourage you to please read the policies and terms of every web site you visit. We will not answer any sales or support questions concerning products and/or services from other web site's - your best course of action is to contact them directly.
4 - Disclosure
MATERIAL CONNECTION.
We receive monetary compensation from the ads shown in our clearly labeled Advertisement box, and/or from any of the referral links within our content including reviews. Unless otherwise stated, you should always assume that all references made to any products and/or services on our web site are due to a material connection existing between the owner of this web site and the company of the product and/or service being referenced. The connection or relationship is through an referrer/advertising network of which the company (Merchant) and the owner of this web site (Referrer) are members of.
REFERRAL LINKS.
You should always assume that the owner of this web site may be compensated when you purchase a product and/or service after clicking a link on our site that goes to and/or redirects to another web site. We may use a statistical redirect script to display a more accurate status bar URL to help our visitors determine the final destination of the link before clicking. It also helps us keep statistics on which external links you click on our site to better serve our visitors. However, we receive absolutely no personal identifiable information concerning you if you click through any of the links on our site.
PRODUCT CLAIMS AND REPRESENTATIONS.
We may suggest products and/or services that we may be of the opinion to believe are suitable for your consideration partly based on the following: our research, and/or hands-on experience, and/or expertise.
Any and all product claim(s), and/or statement(s), and/or statistical depiction(s), and/or testimonial(s), and/or quote(s) and/or said fact(s) and/or any other representation(s) about a product or service are subject to human error(s), are not guaranteed to be accurate, and should be confirmed with the product manufacturer and/or service provider. No products or services are directly sold from this web site.
OUR OPINIONS AND YOUR DUE DILLIGENCE.
Our opinions are formed in part on a good faith belief that the products and services we recommend are excellent solutions for you to consider. While we are not psychologists, our opinions may be biased either consciously or subconsciously towards products and services that offer us a level of compensation. Just keep in mind that many large companies that offer industry leading products and services usually offer a referral program. Regardless, any reputable software solution will be considered by us whether it offers a referral program or not. Of course, you should always do your own due diligence when considering any product or service online.
ADVERTISEMENTS
Most advertisements on our site are approved based on the ad being relevant to the content
of our web site. Occasionally, an ad may appear that is beyond our control through an automated process. All banner ads are clearly marked "Advertisements" within our ad box located below our right-side link menu. Various ads and/or links on our web site may lead you to purchase product(s) and/or service(s) at other web sites. In these cases, we will receive an industry standard commission.
We are not responsible for the products, services, policies, terms, or anything in whole or in part of any other web site.(s). We will not answer any sales or support questions concerning products and/or services from other web sites
We may keep statistics on which external links you click on our site. However, we receive absolutely no personal identifiable information concerning you if you click through any of the links on our site.
Please do NOT click on our advertisements UNLESS you are truly interested in a product or service offered in the ad.
Falsely clicking on our ads to show your support for us will only discourage advertisers from considering our web site. to display their ads. Repetitive false clicks are tracked and discounted regardless. If you truly want to help us and support our web site., please tell your friends, work colleagues, and family about our web site. Please accept our thanks in advance.
VISIBILITY OF DISCLOSURE.
We have provided a description of our disclosure in the top section (above the fold) of every content page on our web site whether or not there is a referral link on that particular page. Also, there is a disclosure link at the bottom (footer) of every content page of our web site.
5 - Use Of Trademarks
TRADEMARKS.
Any and all trademarks used remain the property of the trademark holder(s). Please understand that their use does not indicate that they sponsor, endorse, associate with, authorize, nor approve this web site or its' content. You agree to respect our trademarks and the trademarks of others displayed on this web site You agree that you will NOT copy, and/or use, and/or distribute them in any way except as allowed by law.
Microsoft, Microsoft logo, Windows, Windows 95, Windows 98, Windows ME, Windows NT, Windows 2000, Windows XP, Windows Vista, Windows 7, Windows 8, Windows 10, Readyboost, DirectX, Microsoft Edge, Internet Explorer, and all applicable logos are trademarks or registered trademarks of Microsoft Corporation in the United States and/or other countries. Please understand that Microsoft Corporation does NOT sponsor, endorse, associate with, authorize, nor has approved this web site or its' content.
Firefox is a registered trademark of Mozilla Foundation. Please understand that Mozilla Foundation does NOT sponsor, endorse, associate with, authorize, nor has approved this web site or its' content.
All other trademarks are acknowledged and respected. All other marks, company names, product names, service names, trade names and/or dress, content, imagery, and artwork, are the trademarks or registered trademarks and/or copyrighted materials of their respective holder(s) and/or owner(s). They are used for identification purposes only.
6 - Copyright Notice
COPYRIGHT WITH ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
This web site is copyrighted and reserves all rights pertaining to the content, images, styles, design, and layout of this web site You agree to respect our intellectual property and will not copy any of this web site in whole or in part without our express written permission. Any rights not expressed are reserved to us.
NO COPYING AND/OR PLAGIARIZATION.
Under no circumstances are you permitted to copy content or plagiarize our content contrary to copyright laws. You agree you will NOT copy or use any of our images, and/or our css styles, and/or our source codes, and/or any of our design elements of our web site except as allowed by copyright law.
We will take legal action to retrieve financial compensation for any loss of traffic and/or other damages caused by any copyright infringement concerning our intellectual property. Thank you for respecting our hard work.
We continually scan for copyright abuse including plagiarism. We will take action against any unauthorized content illegally acquired and/or posted from this web site that is contrary to copyright law.
If you suspect any of our copyrighted material is located on another web site without proper credit or a link given to us, please use our Contact Us link (located at the bottom of every content page) to notify us and please accept our thanks in advance. Any rights not expressed are reserved to us.
USE OF IP AND CONFIGURATION DATA.
You agree that in cases of suspected copyright infringement, we may use your IP address and your computer configuration data to help us support our claim under the DMCA (Digital Millennium Copyright Act) and/or your local copyright law equivalent to provide proof of theft from our web site.
REPORTING COPYRIGHT ABUSE.
We continually scan for copyright abuse including plagiarism. We will take action against any unauthorized content illegally acquired and/or posted from this web site that is contrary to copyright law. Please see our Copyright and Trademarks link at the bottom of every content page for more information.
If you have found material from this site on another web site without proper credit or a link given to us, please use our Contact Us link (located at the bottom of every content page) to notify us and please accept our thanks in advance.
7 - Posted Offers and Price Structure
ACCURACY OF OFFERS.
Any and all offers displayed on this web site are not guaranteed to be accurate, are subject to human error, and may change without notice. Please visit the appropriate web site to confirm if an offer from another web site is still in effect.
ANNUAL SUBSCRIPTION PRICES
Today, the industry standard is to offer software on a yearly renewal basis. As a result, all prices should be assumed to be based on an annual subscription fee unless otherwise noted. We consider the annual subscription a better deal, since you may cancel at the end of the year if you no longer need the software or found a better software solution. Considering a lifetime license usually costs a lot more than a yearly renewal, you would end up paying more if you decide after a few months to change to another option. Of course, if you are determined to keep the software for a few years, it would be beneficial to acquire a lifetime license. Unfortunately, in most cases, the software companies do not offer a lifetime license as they once did decades ago. The world has changed, and a subscription model for just about everything is now the expected result when acquiring downloadable software or an online service.
8 - How To Contact Us
COMMUNICATING WITH THIS WEB SITE.
Please use our Contact Us link (located at the bottom of every page) to submit any concerns you may have regarding these Terms and Conditions, or any of our policies, or to simply provide feedback about this web site We reserve the right to reply at our own discretion. A response is not guaranteed.
9 - Updates and Changes
UPDATE OF TERMS AND POLICIES.
These Terms and Conditions were last updated on December 4, 2017. We reserve the right to change or update these Terms and Conditions, and/or any disclaimers, and/or any policies, and/or any and all information on this web site at any time without notice to you. It is your responsibility to check often for any changes and/or updates.
10 - Enforcement, Jurisdiction, and Acceptance
ENFORCEMENT OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS.
These entire Terms and Conditions shall be considered binding and applicable to the fullest extent as permitted by law.
If these Terms and Conditions or any section thereof are not in compliance with the laws and regulations of your jurisdiction of citizenship and/or residence, you must NOT use our web site AND you agree that any previous interaction with this web site shall be considered null and void. If these terms and conditions are considered unlawful in whole or in part within your jurisdiction and/or the web site owner's jurisdiction, you agree that your ONLY course of action is to stop using this web site. You also agree that we reserve the right to make these Terms and Conditions null and void in whole or in part for any reason if we deem these Terms and Conditions cause us a less favorable outcome in any type of action, legal or otherwise, against us. As permitted by law, you agree that it is only our interpretation(s) that will prevail in any dispute regarding these Terms and Conditions, and/or any Policies, and/or any Disclaimers, and/or any Disclosures, and/or any information provided by us. Any rights not expressly granted by these Terms and Conditions are reserved to us and/or this web site
JURISDICTIONAL REGION.
These Terms and Conditions are deemed to be made and entered into the Country and Region (state or province) of the Web site owner's current residence. This agreement shall be governed by the laws of that Region and the laws of that Country are applicable therein. You agree that the jurisdictional region of the Web site owner shall only be revealed when absolutely necessary. You also agree that only a competent court of that jurisdictional Region shall have jurisdiction to review and/or hold a hearing on any case or matter arising out of the use of this web site and/or information provided by us and/or the interpretation of these Terms and Conditions and/or any kind of problem(s) and/or issue(s) resulting from using this web site.
You also agree that the personal and private information of anyone involved in the creation, administration, or maintenance of this web site, including the web site owner, shall be kept completely private. You also agree that only a representative of this web site or a representative of the web site owner need to be present for any and/or all court appearances, and/or meetings, and/or proceedings, and/or any and/or all interactions what-so-ever involving this web site including anyone involved in the design, and/or creation, and/or operation of this web site
YOUR USE CONSIDERED ACCEPTANCE OF OUR TERMS AND CONDITIONS INCLUDING ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF OUR DISCLAIMER AND DISCLOSURE.
Links to these Terms and Conditions are prominently displayed throughout our web site. You agree that ignoring or failing to read these Terms and Conditions AND our Disclaimer within AND our Disclosure within will NOT be an eligible excuse to prevent your acceptance of these Terms and Conditions. If you do NOT agree in full with our current Terms and Conditions, you must stop using this web site immediately and any previous interaction will be considered null and void.
Continuing to use our web site will be considered as full acceptance of these Terms and Conditions which automatically includes acknowledgement that you have read our Disclaimer within and Disclosure within.
- -- --- END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS --- -- -
Best PC Optimizer 2020
WiseCare 365: Download Options
Windows Tune-up
PC Optimizer Reviews
Registry Cleaner Reviews
PC Performance
Internet Performance
About Us
| Contact Us
| Terms and Conditions
| Disclosure
| Privacy and Cookies
Copyright © 2020 SpeedupNew.com All Rights Reserved