https://www.averina.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy policy
This website, averina.com (the Site), collects information submitted by users through the online “Rate & review this software” form,
“Leave a reply” form, the mailing list sign-up form and any information you post to the online discussion forums. Some additional information
is automatically collected when you visit the Site.
This Privacy Statement describes what information the Site collects, how this information is used, and with whom it is shared. Your
submission of data to the Site indicates your agreement with the terms of the Privacy Statement.
Reviews, Replies and Discussion Forums
If you write a software review, leave a reply or participate in the discussion forums, any content you contribute becomes public
information. You should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information.
Mailing List Sign-Up Form
If you elect to sign up for the mailing list, your e-mail address will be used only for the purpose of sending you announcements relating
to updates to the Site. Your e-mail address will not be shared with any other parties without your consent.
Information the Site Automatically Collects
Whether or not you submit information through the Site, the IP address of the computer you are using is logged when you visit the Site.
The log is used to measure the number of visitors to the Site, diagnose and correct system errors and improve the usability of the Site.
The IP address is not used to track your session, and logged data is deleted periodically.
Google Analytics
The Site automatically collects information through the Google Analytics service from Google Inc.. This information may include IP addresses,
browser versions used by visitors, and the pages visited on the Site. This data is analyzed in the aggregate, and individuals are not tracked.
No personally identifying information will be submitted to Google Inc. for the purposes of the Google Analytics service.
Commercial Use of Personal Information
Your personal information, including your e-mail address, will never be rented, distributed or sold to anyone.
Cookies
The Site uses cookies that record the IP address, browser and operating system of computers used to access the Site, as well as information
about navigation through pages of the Site. Cookies are temporary files that are erased when you close all browser windows. The cookies are
in place to help the Site work properly and to improve the user experience and will not be used to track your individual use of the Site.
Removing Your Submitted Data
Your software reviews, replies, discussion forum posts and mailing list subscription may be deleted from the Site upon your request via the
contact page.
Links to Independent Websites
Pages hosted by the Site may link to independently-run web sites. The Site is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such web sites.
Children’s Privacy
You must be at least 13 years of age to submit information to the Site. The Site is intended for adults only and does not collect
personal information from children under 13 years old.
Changes to the Privacy Statement
The right is retained to make changes to this Privacy Statement at any time. Any changes will be reflected in the Privacy Statement
when the changes take effect. The privacy policies that apply to any information you submit will be those contained in the Privacy Statement
that is in effect and posted on the Site at the time that you submit the information. Please review the Privacy Statement each time you use
the Site.
1 Comment Already
Subscribe to comments feed
Vicki - May 1st, 2015 at 3:13 pm
I read this piece of writing fully about the resemblance
of newest and previous technologies, it’s remarkable article.
Reply
Leave a Reply Cancel reply
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *Comment Name *
Email *
Search for:
Instructions to uninstall adware from browsers
Google Chrome
Mozilla Firefox
Internet Explorer
Opera
Safari
Danger malware
AntiAdBlocker
AdFreeApp
Taboola
GetPrivate
Mysearch123.com
Max Computer Cleaner
Delta-homes.com
WinFix Pro
TomorrowGames
Picexa Viewer
Shoponi
CrushArcade
Cheap-o
OurSurfing.com
Omniboxes.com
Free antivirus review
Microsoft Security Essentials
Avast! Free
Avira Free Antivirus
Awards
Virus type
What is malware
What is adware
What is spyware
What is pop-up
What is Hijacker
What is Trojan
Free antimalware scanner. Averina lab recommended.
More then 25000 downloads!