http://www.centurysoftware.com/legal/privacy.php
TN3270 3270 TN5250 5250 ANSI VT WYSE. Mobile Terminal Emulation for iOS and Android from Century Software
Century Software Privacy Policy
Century Software, Inc. ("Century") takes safeguarding online privacy seriously.
Please read the following to understand Century's privacy practices.
Information Collection and Use
Century is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We will not sell,
share, or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in
this statement. Century collects information from our users at several different
points on our web site.
Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the users' hard drive containing information
about the user. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable
information while on our site. Once the user closes their browser, the cookie simply
terminates. For instance, by setting a cookie on our site, the user would not have to
log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. If a user
rejects the cookie, they may still use our site. Cookies also enable us to track and
target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site.
Log Files
We use IP addresses and domain names to analyze trends, administer the site, track
users' movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP
addresses and domain names are not linked to personally identifiable information.
LinksThis web site may contain links to other sites. Please be aware that
Century is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage
our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of
each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. This
privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this web site.
Email Lists & Newsletters
If a user wishes to subscribe to our email lists or newsletter, we ask for contact
information such as name and email address.
Security
This web sitetakes every precaution to protect our users' information. When users submit
sensitive information via the web site, your information is protected both online
and off-line.
When our registration form asks users to enter sensitive
information, that information is encrypted and is protected with the best encryption
software in the industry - SSL. While on a secure page, such as our registration
form, the lock icon on the bottom of web browsers such as Netscape Navigator and
Microsoft Internet Explorer becomes locked, as opposed to unlocked, or open, when
you are just 'surfing'. To learn more about SSL, follow this link.
While we use SSL encryption to protect sensitive information online, we also do
everything in our power to protect user-information off-line. All of our users'
information, not just the sensitive information mentioned above, is restricted in
our offices. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for
example, our billing clerk or a customer service representative) are granted access
to personally identifiable information. Our employees must use password-protected
screen-savers when they leave their desk. When they return, they must re-enter
their password to re-gain access to your information. Furthermore, ALL employees are
kept up-to-date on our security and privacy practices. Every quarter, as well as any
time new policies are added, our employees are notified and/or reminded about the
importance we place on privacy, and what they can do to ensure our customers'
information is protected. Finally, the servers that we store personally identifiable
information on are kept in a secure environment, behind a locked door.
Correcting / Updating Personal Information
If a users' personally identifiable information changes (such as your email
address), or if a user no longer desires our service, we will endeavor to provide a
way to correct, update or remove that users' personal data provided to us. This can
be done by emailing us at support@centurysoftware.com or by sending us a letter
via postal mail to:
Century Software
Attn: Customer Care
6465 South 3000 East, Suite 104
Salt Lake City, Utah, 84121
Choice / Opt-out
Our users are given the opportunity to 'opt-out' of having their information used
for purposes not directly related to our site at the point where we ask for the
information. Users who no longer wish to receive our newsletter or promotional
materials may opt-out of receiving these communications by replying to unsubscribe
in the subject line in the email, emailing us at
support@centurysoftware.com,
or by sending us a letter via postal mail to:
Century Software
Attn: Customer Care
6465 South 3000 East, Suite 104
Salt Lake City, Utah, 84121
Users of our site are always notified when their information is being collected by
any outside parties. We do this so our users can make an informed choice as to
whether they should proceed with services that require an outside party, or not.
Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page
so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and
under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If at any point we decide to use
personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the
time it was collected, we will notify users by posting an updated privacy policy.
Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this
different manner. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy
under which the information was collected.