http://www.pivotpointsecurity.com/industries/legal/
Social Menu
Social Menu
Social Menu
Social Menu
Search
Services
CMMC Preparation
CMMC Compliance Services
ISO 27001
ISO 27001 Certification
ISO 27001 Maintenance
ISO 27017 – Cloud Security for CSP’s
ISO 27018 – Data Privacy for CSP’s
ISO 27701 – Data Privacy Management System
SOC 2 Readiness
Virtual CISO (vCISO)
IoT Security
IoT Security Consulting & Assessments
Network Security
CREST Network Penetration Test
Vulnerability Assessment
Penetration Test
Architecture Review
Application Security
Penetration Test
API Penetration Testing
Architecture Review & Threat Assessment
Vendor Due Diligence
Accelerated Vendor Due Diligence
Third Party Risk Management
SaaS Security
Business Continuity
Blockchain Security
Compliance
CMMC
CMMC Compliance Services
CCPA
SOC 2
CIS CSC
PCI
FedRAMP
NYDFS
GDPR
HIPAA
HITRUST
Industries
Legal
Financial
Government
Healthcare
More Industries
Resources
ISO 27001 Resources
ISO 27001 Audit & Cost Guide
ISO 27001 Checklist
ISO 27001 Cost Blog
ISO 27001 : Recipe & Ingredients for Certification
ISO 27001 Roadmap
ISO 27701 Cost
CCPA
CCPA Compliance Roadmap
CMMC
CMMC Certification Guide
CMMC C3PAO FAQs
CMMC Capabilities
CMMC Cost
CMMC Gap Analysis FAQs
CMMC Marketplace FAQs
SSP for CMMC
vCISO
vCISO Cost
FedRAMP
FedRAMP Cost
Third Party Risk Management
VRM Best Practice Guide for Small to Medium Businesses
Application Security
Ready for a Pen Test? Infographic
Business Continuity
BCP Table Top Exercise Template
About Us
Locations
Client Satisfaction
Giving Back
Jobs
Working at Pivot Point Security
PPS Partners
Our Stance on Inclusivity
The Virtual CISO Podcast
Blog
Contact Us
1-888-PIVOT-POINT1-888-748-6876
info@pivotpointsecurity.com
Talk with an Expert
1-888-PIVOT-POINT | 1-888-748-6876
info@pivotpointsecurity.com
Get Your Information Security Questions Answered
Access The Latest Episodes from The Virtual CISO Podcast
Legal Information Security
IndustriesLegal
Financial
Government
Healthcare
Technology
Energy
More Industries
Cyber attacks, the HIPAA Omnibus rule, and a firm’s vendor risk management practices – these are the legal profession’s equivalent to lions, and tigers, and bears (oh my!). Protecting sensitive client data by insuring that cyber defenses are capable of addressing evolving threats is integral to maintaining a firm’s standing and mitigating reputational and financial risk.
To protect information regarding clients’ pending deals and litigation, safeguard Patient Health Information integral to work products, and implement/prove industry best practices for information security, law firms are increasingly looking to leverage leading information security frameworks/certifications like SOC 2 and ISO 27001.
Start a Conversation with Pivot Point Security
Challenges
Diagnosis: Legal Information Security Risk Points
Demonstrating compliance with the HIPAA Omnibus Rule to ensure that a violation of the principle   of “least privilege” is addressed by internal risk assessment mechanisms to prevent it from  escalating to breach notification and/or triggering CMS fines.
Securing mobile devices (phones, tablets, laptops) and wireless networks necessary to support   mobility and BYOD requirements.
Demonstrating to increasingly vigilant clients that their sensitive data is being secured consistent   with their requirements (e.g., penetration tests, Shared Assessments, SOC 2 Type I/II/III, ISO 27001).
Protecting your Document Management System in a way that achieves the partners’ objectives.
Protecting your Document Management System in a way that achieves the partners’ objectives.
Solutions
A Prescription for Law Firm CIO Pain
Addressing the unique challenges of legal information security requires a unique and flexible approach.
Compliance Simplified
Typical engagements include:
HIPAA (Omnibus) – Is the design of our environment consistent with the HIPAA Omnibus Rule? Are we segregating practices and supporting systems that contain PHI? Do our access control mechanisms prevent non-client personnel from accessing PHI?  HIPAA Gap Assessments are commonly done during a broader Gap Assessment to provide significantly greater value at moderately additional cost.
Shared Assessment/ISO 27002 Gap Assessment – Increasingly, law firms recognize that the best way to know they’re secure and prove they’re compliant with a myriad of regulations is to align their Information Security Management System (ISMS) with a Security Framework. Is the design of our environment consistent with prevailing guidance? Gap Assessments may be scoped to address different elements (e.g., Document Management Systems, eDiscovery, Litigation Support Systems).
Design/Compliance Assessment support via Vulnerability Assessments and Penetration Tests across the network/applications/people/facilities layers to ensure vulnerability and configuration management and Security Awareness practices are operating as intended.
Attestation (Proof) Simplified
Typical engagements include:
ISO 27001 Consulting Services to work collaboratively with the law firm to develop an Information Security Management System that is capable of being certified via the ISO 27001 standard.  ISO 27001 provides the strongest, most widely accepted/recognized form of third-party attestation.
Penetration Tests (Application/Network/Physical) to provide independent and objective proof of the net security posture. This is often an important form of “interim” attestation if the service provider is in the process of achieving a higher level of attestation (e.g., ISO 27001, SOC 2).
Why PPS
Why Partner with Pivot Point Security?
Pivot Point Security has the right combination of Information Security/Compliance domain expertise, technology industry knowledge and experience, and organizational character to help you define and execute on the best course of action so you can know you’re secure and prove you’re compliant.
Domain expertise means we know the ins and outs of the key regulations (e.g., HIPAA, PII) that a law  firm is subject to. It also means that we are experts in the Security Frameworks (ISO 27001, ISO  27002, OWASP, NIST, AICPA TSP (SOC2)) that should form the basis of the Information Security  Management System you architect as the basis of the attestation you provide to your customers.
Legal sector experience means that we understand the challenge of selling the partners on the need to implement more restrictive policies.
Organizational character means we have the competence to do the job well in a transparent and straightforward manner that you’ll appreciate.
Representative Legal Clients
View more representative Legal Industry clients of Pivot Point Security
Meet Henryk
He’s the CIO of an NLJ 250 firm… already worried about increasingly vigilant client security requirements / questionnaires.
Now the partner who runs Medical Device & Health Care Litigation wants to discuss the HIPAA Omnibus Rule and how Protected Health Information (PHI) needs to be segregated within the firm’s Document Management System.
He needed somewhere to turn.
Read More