https://www.mujo.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Home >
Privacy Policy
Our Commitment
It is our commitment to maintain the principles of integrity and trust with respect to the protection of personal information. As part of our commitment, we will protect the privacy of personal information of employees, clients, customers, and others individuals whose personal information we collect, use, and disclose. We are committed to complying with British Columbia’s Personal Information Protection Act (the “Act”) and all other applicable privacy laws.
Definitions
“business contact information” means information that enables an individual to be contacted at work, including his/her name, title, business address, business telephone number, fax number, and e-mail address.
“employee personal information” means personal information about an employee that is collected used or disclosed solely for the purposes reasonably required to establish, manage, or terminate an employment relationship, but does not include other personal information about the employee.
“personal information” means any information that personally identifies an individual, but does not include business contact information or work product information.
“work product information” means information prepared or collected by an individual or group of individuals as part of their employment or business responsibilities or activities related to their employment or business.
Responsibility
We are responsible for all personal information under our control, even if it is not in our possession. We have ed policies and procedures to deal with the proper collection, use and disclosure of personal information.
We have appointed the following person to answer any questions or to handle requests for access to personal information or complaints:
Name: Alex Strauss, Curriculum Operations Manager
Phone: +1.888.536.6856
E-mail: admin@mujo.com
Purposes
We collect personal information for the following purposes:
to individualize your experience on our website;
to communicate separately with you;
to facilitate your movements throughout our website;
to be able to selectively send you communications that may be of interest to you, either electronically or otherwise;
other
Consent
We require the consent of individuals to collect, use or disclose personal information. Unless required by law or otherwise authorized by the Act, we will not use or disclose personal information already collected for other purposes unless we obtain the consent of the individual to whom it belongs. Generally, we will seek consent to use and disclose personal information at the same time as we collect the information. We will affirmatively ask to join our mailing lists using the forms provided on this website or other means expressly sanctioned by us.
Subject to contractual or legal arrangements, you may withdraw or refuse consent provided that we are given reasonable notice. We will inform you of the consequences of withdrawing your consent, if any.
Unsubscribe Policy
We strive to only send e-mails to those who want to receive them. If you would not like to receive future e-mails from us, reply to any email with UNSUBSCRIBE as the subject.
Collection
We will only collect personal information for the purposes we have identified above and that are reasonable in the circumstances. We will only collect personal information through methods that are lawful, will not collect information indiscriminately and will try to collect personal information directly from the individual concerned unless authorized by that individual to collect it from a third party or otherwise as permitted by the Act.
Depending on how you have configured your browser, when you access our website, a small file – a “cookie” – may be created by our server and stored on your computer. The cookie contains a unique session identification number and is used to:
keep track of your online order;
ensure that you see the correct products and pricing applicable to the province in which you are located;
personalize your experience by alerting you to features and information that might interest you;
other
A cookie cannot be used to access or otherwise compromise the data on your hard drive. If you arrive at our website with your browser configured to disable cookies, you will not be identified until you register and sign-in. Please be advised that cookies may be required to complete certain functions on this website, such as making purchases or placing orders at our online store.
Aggregate Information
We collect certain aggregate information, such as tracking the Internet address of the domains from which you visit our site and analyzing this data for trends and statistics, tracking your IP address (the number that is automatically assigned to your computer when you are using the Web), and tracking your browser type.
We use this aggregate information to help diagnose problems with our servers, to administer our website, and to gather broad demographic information. None of this information is connected with your personal information. We may also generate non-identifying and aggregate profiles from personal information provided during registration (such as the total number, but not the names, of clients).
Use of IP Addresses
An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you’re surfing the Internet. Web servers automatically identify your computer by its IP address. We may collect IP addresses for the purposes of system administration, to report aggregated information to our advertisers, and to audit the use of our website. When clients request pages from our website, our servers log the requesting clients’ IP addresses. We normally will not link IP addresses to anything personally identifiable, which means that clients’ sessions will be logged, but client identity remains anonymous to us. We can and will use IP addresses to identify a client when we feel it is necessary to enforce compliance with our rules or terms of service or to protect our service, website, or any person, or where it is otherwise authorized or required by law.
Use, Disclosure and Retention
We will only use or disclose personal information for the purpose(s) for which it was collected.
We may disclose the personal information to:
a person who in our reasonable judgment is seeking the information as an agent of the individual;
a company or individual engaged by us to perform functions on its behalf, such as research or data processing;
a credit reporting agency;
a public authority or agent of a public authority, if in our reasonable judgment, it appears that there is imminent danger to life or property which could be avoided or minimized by disclosure of the information; or
where you consent to such disclosure or it is required or authorized by law.
We may use and disclose employee personal information for a variety of purposes related to commencing, managing, or terminating the employment relationship.
We do not sell, rent, loan, trade, or lease any personal information collected at our site, including contact forms, download requests, or email lists.
We will retain personal information only as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes stated above, as required for legal or business purposes or as required by law. Subsequently, we will destroy, erase, or make anonymous such information. However, we will retain for at least one year personal information that has been used to make a decision about a client, customer, or employee.
Accuracy of Personal Information
We will make reasonable efforts to ensure that personal information in our control is accurate and complete. You may request corrections to your personal information. If your request for a correction is rejected by us, we will make a notation of such request and rejection on your file or personal information.
Safeguarding Personal Information
We will protect personal information in your control against risks of loss, theft, unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use, modification, or destruction by security safeguards that are appropriate to the sensitivity and format of the information.
Access
Upon reasonable written notice from you, we will, within 30 days or such longer period in the event we obtain an extension, provide access to all your personal information in our possession and tell your what the information is being used for and to whom it has been disclosed.
We reserve the right to charge a reasonable fee for providing access to personal information.
If we refuse your request for access, we will notify you in writing, documenting the reasons for refusal, the relevant provision of the Act on which we rely, and resources for redress available to you, including from the British Columbia Information and Privacy Commissioner.
Complaints
If you have complaints about how your personal information is being handled by us, you may file a written complaint with our designated representative at the contact address listed above. Such complaint must clearly state the nature of the dispute and contain all necessary contact information for you.
We will acknowledge receipt of a complaint, investigate such complaint, and notify you of the outcome of the complaint, including any relevant steps taken.
If a complaint has not been resolved to your satisfaction, you may seek redress with the British Columbia Information and Privacy Commissioner.
Our Commitment to Children’s Privacy
We are not responsible for the content or the privacy policies of websites to which our website may link and our privacy policy does not apply to those websites. These other websites may send their own cookies to users, collect data, or solicit personal information. Please keep in mind that whenever you give out personal information online (for example, via message boards or chat lines), that information can be collected and used by people you don’t know. While we strive to protect our clients’ personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you disclose online, you disclose such information at your own risk.
Links to Other Sites
Protecting children’s privacy is especially important to us. It is our policy to comply with applicable laws. We recommend that children ask a parent for permission before sending personal information to us or to anyone else online.
Revisions to this Policy
To ensure that this Policy is up to date and complies with the Act, we reserve the right to make changes, which will become effective 30 days following our providing notice thereof.
Terms and Conditions
Curriculum Licensing Agreement
Whereas Mujo Learning Systems Inc. Herein referred to as “Mujo”, has developed, owns, and publishes educational curriculum, content, and supplemental materials (the “Content”) and the Institution wishes to use the Content. By clicking accept terms to this Agreement, or by way of signed and executed agreement, Mujo grants to the Institution, a license to evaluate, and teach Mujo’s Content to its students, subject at all times to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
General Terms of Service
By using the Content, either by receiving books in physical or electronic form, or by accessing supplemental materials on Mujo’s website, the Institution agrees that the Institution has read and understands this Agreement and is bound thereby.  The Institution further agrees that Mujo may, in its reasonable discretion and from time to time, modify this Agreement.  Mujo shall notify the Institution by email of any such change and post on the Mujo website a copy of same.   The Institution’s continued use of Mujo Content after notice of such changes constitutes the Institution’s acceptance of the changes to this Agreement.
1.      Use of Mujo Content
1.1.      Mujo hereby grants to the Institution a non-exclusive license to use the Content as part of an educational curriculum subject to the conditions set out below:
a.      Evaluation: Mujo may provide the Institution with the Content to allow the Institution to evaluate the Content for potential use in the Institution’s curriculum (the Evaluation License”). The Institution shall not use the Content provided pursuant to the Evaluation License in any purpose other than the evaluation of the Content for suitability in the Institution’s curriculum.  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Institution shall not use the Content provided pursuant to the Evaluation License in any actual course provided to any student, whether in person or online and whether paid or unpaid. The term of the Evaluation License shall be ninety (90) days from the Institution’s receipt of the Content, unless otherwise agreed to in writing.
1.2.      License for the purposes of offering Content as part of a course or program provided by the Institution:
a.      Each instructor and student (the “Participant”) providing or enrolled to participate in a course or program utilizing the Content shall purchase a copy of the Content from Mujo, either directly or through the Institution’s learning management system (LMS).  Subject to the purchase of the Content by the Participant, Mujo hereby grants to such Participant a non-transferable, non-exclusive license to use the Content solely for the Participant’s own personal study during the course.
1.3.      The Institution agrees that the use of the Content in any way other than as set out above is a breach of the terms of this Agreement.
1.4.      The Institution agrees to confirm in writing at the beginning of the course the number of students enrolled in order to verify compliance with the terms of this Agreement. In the event the actual student enrollment exceeds the number of copies of the Content purchased, the Institution agrees to pay Mujo any such resulting shortfall promptly within fourteen (14) days of receipt of an invoice from Mujo.
2.      Ordering Process
2.1.      The Institution or the individual Participants may purchase the Content online at the Mujo website at: www.mujo.com. Additionally, orders can be placed via email to admin@mujo.com, other electronic ordering methods which can be coordinated directly with the Institution’s purchasing department through the Institution’s LMS and Mujo’s Vital Source account; provided that any discounts set out herein will not apply to materials purchased directly through Vital Source.
3.      Payment terms
3.1.      In the event the Institution elects to purchase the Content directly, invoices will be due and payable thirty (30) days from the order date. Any overdue amounts will be charged One and a Half Percent (1.5%) interest per month calculated from the invoice due date until payment is received by Mujo. All amounts are in US Dollars.
4.      Returns
a.      Printed books – Physical printed books must be returned within fifteen (15) days of purchase for a refund.
b.      Electronic book codes – Unused electronic book codes must be returned within seven ((7) days. Used electronic book codes are not returnable.
c.      Any returned items must be returned in “like-new” resalable condition. The Institution will be responsible for return shipping costs as well as any damage that occurs during shipping.
5.      Taxes
5.1.      The Institution shall be responsible for paying all taxes (other than Mujo’s Income tax) and including but not limited to any local, provincial, state, federal, or foreign taxes, levies or duties of any nature, including value-added, sales, excise or use taxes assessable by any jurisdiction (the “Taxes”). If Mujo has a legal obligation to pay or collect Taxes for which the Institution is responsible, the appropriate amount will be invoiced to and paid for by the Institution.
6.      Content and Price Changes
6.1.      The Institution acknowledges that the prices quoted in this Agreement are based on the projected sales levels the Institution has indicated in anticipation of this Agreement.  Mujo reserves the right to adjust pricing for the Content from time to time generally or as a result of lower than expected sales.   Mujo will use reasonable commercial efforts to  advise the Institution in advance of any price changes.
7.      Intellectual Property ownership
7.1.      The Institution acknowledges that Mujo owns the Content including the copyright therein and all trademarks associated therewith.
8.      Confidentiality / Non-disclosure
8.1.      Mujo may disclose to the Institution information about Mujo’s, business, or activities which Mujo considers confidential and proprietary information (the “Proprietary Information”).  The Institution hereby agrees: (i) to hold the Proprietary Information in strict confidence and to take all reasonable precautions to protect such Proprietary Information (including, without limitation, all precautions the Institution employs with respect to the Institution’s own confidential materials), (ii) not to disclose any such Proprietary Information or any information derived therefrom to any third person, (iii) not to make any use whatsoever at any time of such Proprietary Information except to evaluate internally its relationship with Mujo, and (iv) not to copy, any such Proprietary Information. The Institution shall procure that its employees, agents and sub-contractors to whom Proprietary Information is disclosed or who have access to Proprietary Information sign a nondisclosure or similar agreement in content substantially similar to this Agreement.
9.      Warranties and Disclaimers
9.1.      MUJO MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, OR ARISING BY STATUTE, USAGE OR TRADE, CUSTOM OR OTHERWISE, OF ANY KIND WITH RESPECT TO THE CONTENT. MUJO DISCLAIMS ALL REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, OR ARISING BY STATUTE, USAGE OR TRADE, CUSTOM OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. BY USING OR ATTEMPTING TO USE THE CONTENT, THE INSTITUTION EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGES THAT MUJO MAKES NO WARRANTIES, REPRESENTATIONS OR CONDITIONS REGARDING THE CONTENT INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS.
9.2.      NO ADVICE, INFORMATION, OR INSTRUCTIONS, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, FROM MUJO OR ITS EMPLOYEES, REPRESENTATIVES, OR AGENTS, OR THROUGH OR FROM USE OF THE CONTENT SHALL CREATE ANY PROMISE, WARRANTY, OR OBLIGATION NOT EXPRESSLY STATED IN THE AGREEMENT.
9.3.      WHILE MUJO TAKES GREAT CARE TO ENSURE MUJO’S SALES PRESENTATIONS AND WEBSITE AND SOCIAL MEDIA POSTS ARE ACCURATE, MISTAKES MAY OCCUR, WHEN A MISTAKE IS NOTICED MUJO WILL ENDEAVOUR TO CORRECT IT AS SOON AS POSSIBLE AND WILL NOTIFY ANY CUSTOMERS WHO ARE AFFECTED.
10.   Indemnity
10.1.   The Institution hereby indemnifies and releases Mujo its affiliates, directors, officers, employees, agents, and partners from and against any claims, actions, suits, demands, proceedings brought by third parties (collectively “Claims”) and any related damages, losses, liabilities, obligations, judgments, awards, costs or expenses, (collectively “Damages”), to the extent connected with, arising out of, or related to the Institution’s: (a) negligence or misuse of the Content; or (b) breach of this Agreement whether or not due to any act, error, omission, or negligence by Mujo or any of its affiliates, officers, directors, employees, agents or others whom it is in law responsible.
11.   Jurisdiction
11.1.   This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws applicable in the Province of British Columbia and the laws of Canada. Any action or proceeding brought to enforce the terms of this Agreement will be brought in a court of competent authority in the city of Vancouver, British Columbia. The Institution agrees to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of this court.
12.   Term / Termination
12.1.   This Agreement will commence on the initial accessing by the Institution (or a Participant purchasing directly) of the Content and will terminate with sixty (60) days written notice by either party. Such termination shall not affect the validity of the license granted to the Participants who have purchased and paid for the Content.  On termination, the Institution agrees to stop using the Content in any form for any reason. Sections 7, 8, 9, 10, 11 and 13 will survive termination.  If any part of this Agreement is found to be invalid, the remaining sections will remain in force.
13.   Dispute Resolution
13.1.   In the event of any disagreements related to this Agreement, the Institution agrees to a progressive dispute resolution process prior to proceeding with any legal action. The dispute resolution process would begin with informal discussions between Mujo management and the Institution and, if no solution is found, would progress to a formal dispute resolution process with a third party mutually agreed to by both Mujo and the Institution.
14.   Publicity
14.1.   Mujo shall have the right to make reference to the Institution, either directly and indirectly, in marketing materials, case studies and on Mujo’s website to indicate that the Institution uses the Content and for general information and business purposes regarding Mujo’s customer base. Mujo shall not issue any press release announcing the Institution’s use of the Content without the Institution’s express prior written consent.
15.   Notices
15.1.   All notices required to be given hereunder by any party shall be deemed to have been well and sufficiently given if mailed by prepaid registered mail or emailed to, or delivered at, the address of the other party provided at the time of the execution of this Agreement, or at such other address as the other party may from time to time direct in writing, any such notice shall be deemed to have been received, if mailed or emailed, seventy-two (72) hours after the time of mailing or emailing, and if delivered, upon the date of delivery.  If normal mail service or email service is interrupted by strike, slow down, force majeure or other cause, a notice sent by the impaired means of communication will not be deemed to be received until actually received, and the party sending the notice shall utilize any other such services which have not been so interrupted or shall deliver such notice in order to ensure prompt receipt thereof.
16.   Execution
16.1. This Agreement may be executed in separate counterparts by the parties and each counterpart shall when executed and delivered be an original document, but all counterparts put together constitute one and the same instrument. Delivery of an executed counterpart of this Agreement by facsimile or transmitted electronically in either a tagged image format file (“TIFF”) or portable document format (“PDF”) shall be equally effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement.
CLOSE
Join Today
Ambassador Program
Name*
First
Last
SchoolEmail*
Enter Email
Confirm Email
Phone NumberComments*CAPTCHA
×