http://www.asna.com/us/legal
×
Select a country/region
Country
United States
Deutschland
España
United Kingdom
Italia
America latina
Japan
Remember this choice
Cancel
Select
Toggle navigation
Solutions
Overview
Modernization
Extension
Migration
Products
Overview
Mobile RPG
WingsRPG
Monarch
Visual RPG
Synon Escape
Visual RPG Classic
DataGate
Browser Terminal
Services
Overview
Custom Development
Migration
Education
Events
Upcoming Events
Training
Webcasts
Conferences
Articles
Recent Articles
Newsletter
Press Releases
White Papers
Company
Overview
Management
History
Locations
Case Studies
Support
Overview
TechHub
Documentation
Emerg. License Keys
Contact
Account
Login
Register
Legal Information
Home
Legal
Last update: May 25th 2018
This legal note has been made in compliance with EU Regulation 2016/679 on Data Protection
Terms of Use
ASNA, Inc. ("ASNA") makes information available on this website (this "Site"), subject to the following Terms of Use ("Terms"). By accessing this Site, you agree to these Terms. If you do not agree to all of these Terms, do not use this Site. ASNA reserves the right to change these Terms at any time without notice. ASNA reserves the right to seek all remedies available by law and in equity for any violation of these Terms. Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved by ASNA. These Terms represent the entire understanding relating to the use of this Site and supersede any prior or contemporaneous, conflicting or additional communications.
Privacy
ASNA is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified while using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
ASNA may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
If want to review our privacy policy in detail please follow this link.
Cookies
Our site uses cookies as a convenience to users of our website. If you have cookies enabled with your browser when you use the asna.com site, your language of choice and your login information is stored in a cookie. If you want to review our cookie policy in detail please follow this link.
IP Tracking
We use IP address tracking technology to identify businesses visiting our site and the pages that are being used. This helps us analyze data about web page traffic in order to develop and improve our website for business visitors.
Copyright
The materials on this Site are copyrighted and protected by worldwide copyright laws and treaty provisions. You may download one copy of the information ("Materials") found on this Site on a single computer for your personal, non-commercial internal use only, unless specifically licensed by ASNA in writing to do otherwise. Except as otherwise stated in this paragraph, no portion of this Site may be distributed or reproduced by any means, or in any form, without ASNA’s prior written permission.
COPYRIGHT NOTICE:
Except where otherwise specified, the contents of this Site are Copyright ©2015 1026 Central Parkway South, San Antonio, TX 78232-5020 USA. All rights reserved.
Pursuant to Section 512(c)(2) of the Copyright Revision Act, as enacted through the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, ASNA designates an agent, as described below, to receive notifications of claimed infringement. If you believe that your work has been copied and is accessible on this Site in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, you may contact our agent as provided below.
Legal name and address of service provider (also known as Data Processor under EU Laws):
ASNA
1026 Central Parkway South,
San Antonio, Texas 78232-5020
Name under which service provider does business (also known as Data Controllers under EU Laws):
ASNA
1026 Central Parkway South,
San Antonio, Texas 78232-5020
800-289-2762
210-408-0212
ASNA
Calle Dos de Maig, 25 3º 3ª
08172 Sant Cugat del Vallès
Barcelona, Spain
+34 902 365 787
Contact us
Use of Software
The software and accompanying documentation available for download from this Site are the copyrighted work of ASNA and or third parties. Use of the software is governed by the terms of the end-user license agreement, which accompanies such software. If no license agreement accompanies the download, the terms of the license agreement, which accompanied the original product being updated, will govern. Such software is made available for download solely for use by end-users according to such end-user license agreement. You will not be able or permitted to use, download, or install any software unless you agree to the terms of such end-user license agreement.
Use of Site Materials and Information
Except as otherwise indicated on this Site, you may view, print, copy, and distribute documents (but not software) on this Site subject to the following terms and conditions: 1. (a) The documents may be used solely for informational, personal, non-commercial purposes; (b) any copy of the documents or portion thereof must include all copyright and proprietary notices in the same form and manner as on the original; (c) the documents may not be modified in any way; and (d) ASNA reserves the right to revoke such authorization at any time, and any such use shall be discontinued immediately upon notice from ASNA. 2. Documents specified above do not include the layout or design of this Site. Elements of this Site are protected by trade dress or other laws and may not be imitated or reproduced in whole or in part. 3. Documents specified above do not include logos, graphics, sounds, or images on this Site, which may be reproduced or distributed only when expressly permitted by ASNA.
Member Account
If any ASNA Services require you to open an account, you agree to provide accurate, current and complete information on the Registration Form. You will also choose a password and user name. If you provide any information in the Registration Form that is false, inaccurate, out of date or incomplete, or a password or user name that contains any inappropriate, profane, defamatory, obscene, or indecent terms, ASNA may suspend your account and refuse to provide you with any ASNA Services. You are entirely responsible for any and all activities that occur under your account.
Chat Rooms and Newsgroups
Use of Chat Rooms: As a chat room or newsgroup user ("User"), you are responsible for your own communications and for the consequences of posting those communications. We do not represent or guarantee the truthfulness, accuracy or reliability of any material posted by Users or endorse any opinions expressed by Users. You acknowledge and understand that any reliance on materials posted by other Users will be at your own risk.
Content Policy: We do not screen communications in advance and are not responsible for screening or monitoring material posted by Users. If notified by a User of communications that allegedly do not conform to these terms of use, we may investigate the allegation and determine in our sole discretion whether to remove, block, or disable access to the communication. We also reserve the right, but do not undertake the affirmative obligation, to do so on our own initiative if we discover any such communications. We have no liability or responsibility to Users for performance or non-performance of such activities. Furthermore, we reserve the right to terminate the access rights of Users and prevent their further access to the newsgroups and chat room facilities for violating our terms of use or any applicable law, and reserve the right to remove communications that, in our sole discretion, are abusive, harassing, disruptive, infringing, obscene, lewd, lascivious, excessively violent, illegal or otherwise objectionable.
In consideration of being allowed to use the chat room or newsgroup services provided by us on this Site, you agree, represent and warrant that you will not: (a) use the services for any purpose in violation of local, state or national laws of any country; (b) post, store or transmit material that is copyrighted, unless you are the copyright owner or have the permission of the copyright owner; (c) post, store or transmit material that reveals trade secrets, unless you own them or have the permission of the trade secret owner; (d) post, store or transmit material that infringes on any other intellectual property rights of others or on the privacy or publicity rights of others; (e) post, store or transmit material that is obscene, lewd, lascivious, excessively violent, defamatory, threatening, harassing, abusive, hateful, or embarrassing to another User or any other person or entity; (f) post, store or transmit sexually-explicit images; (g) post, store or transmit child pornography; (h) post, store or transmit advertisements or solicitations of business; (i) post, store or transmit chain letters or information relating to pyramid schemes; or (j) impersonate another person or User.
Please remember that any information that is disclosed in the newsgroups and chat room facilities becomes public information. By posting communications, you grant: (a) to us: royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable nonexclusive license to use, reproduce, modify, publish, translate, distribute, perform and display those communications alone or as part of other works in any form, media, or technology, whether now known or hereafter developed; and (b) to other Users: the right to access, view, store and reproduce the communications for personal use.
Submissions, Comments and Feedback
Any questions, comments, suggestions, ideas, concepts, techniques, data, materials, or information ("Feedback") that you provide to us shall not be regarded as confidential. We have no obligation of any kind with respect to any Feedback. We shall be free to reproduce, perform, use, disclose, exhibit, display, transform, create derivative works from, and/or distribute any Feedback without limitation. Further, we shall be free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how, data or techniques contained in any Feedback for any purpose whatsoever, including, but not limited to, developing, manufacturing and marketing products that incorporate such ideas, concepts, know-how, data or techniques.
Linking to Site
ASNA permits anyone to link to this Site subject to the linker’s compliance with the terms and conditions set forth below. A site that links to this Site:
May link to, but not replicate, content contained in this Site;
Must not create a frames or border environment or browser around content contained in this Site;
Must not present misleading or false information about ASNA’s services or products;
Must not misrepresent ASNA’s relationship with the linker;
Must not imply that ASNA is endorsing or sponsoring the linker or the linker’s services or products;
Must not use ASNA’s logos or trade dress without prior written permission from ASNA;
Must not contain content that could be construed as obscene, libelous, defamatory, pornographic, or inappropriate for all ages;
Must not contain materials that would violate any laws;
Must agree that the link may be removed at any time upon ASNA’s request pursuant to ASNA’s reserved rights to rescind its consent to allow the link
Links to Other Sites
This Site provides links to third party websites, which are not under the control of ASNA. We make no representations about any other website that you may access through this one. When you access a non-ASNA website, please understand that it is independent from us, and that we have no control over the content on that website. In addition, a link to a non-ASNA website does not mean that we endorse or accept any responsibility for the content, or the use, of such website.
Viruses and Destructive Code
It is up to you to take precautions to ensure that whatever you select for your use is free of such items as viruses, worms, Trojan horses and other items of a destructive nature.
Third-party Products and Services
This Site mentions third-party products and services for informational purposes. ASNA makes no recommendations or endorsements about any third-party products and services. References to third-party services and products are provided by ASNA "as is," without warranty of any kind, either express or implied.
Disclaimer, Limitation of Liability and Indemnification
EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED OTHERWISE IN AN AGREEMENT BETWEEN YOU AND ASNA, THE SOFTWARE, DOCUMENTS, FILES AND INFORMATION CONTAINED ON THIS SITE ARE PROVIDED "AS IS", AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED CONDITIONS, REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT, ARE DISCLAIMED.
ASNA MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES OR GUARANTIES AS TO THE QUALITY, SUITABILITY, TRUTH, ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF ANY OF THE INFORMATION CONTAINED ON THIS SITE. ANY QUESTIONS REGARDING THE INFORMATION SHOULD BE DIRECTED TO THE PROVIDERS OF SUCH INFORMATION CONTAINED ON THIS SITE OR OTHER DOCUMENTS WHICH ARE REFERENCED BY OR LINKED TO THIS SITE.
IN NO EVENT WILL ASNA BE LIABLE TO ANY PARTY FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE OR OTHER CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES FOR ANY USE OF THIS SITE OR ANY OTHER LINKED WEBSITE, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, RELIANCE ON ANY OF THE MATERIALS PRESENTED ON THIS SITE, ANY LOST PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF PROGRAMS, LOSS OF OTHER DATA ON YOUR INFORMATION HANDLING SYSTEM, OR OTHER ECONOMIC ADVANTAGE, EVEN IF ASNA EXPRESSLY ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OR FORESEEABILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
YOU AGREE TO INDEMNIFY AND HOLD ASNA HARMLESS FROM, AND YOU COVENANT NOT TO SUE ASNA FOR, ANY CLAIMS THAT MAY BE ASSERTED, ARISING OUT OF, RELATING TO, OR BASED ON USING THIS SITE OR ANY OF THE SERVICES PROVIDED ON OR MADE ACCESSIBLE BY THIS SITE.
SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES SO THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS OR EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
THIS SITE COULD INCLUDE TECHNICAL OR OTHER INACCURACIES. CHANGES ARE PERIODICALLY MADE TO THE INFORMATION HEREIN. HOWEVER, ASNA MAKES NO COMMITMENT TO UPDATE MATERIALS ON THIS SITE.
General
Products and Services Availability
This Site can be accessed from countries around the world and may contain references to ASNA services, programs, and products that have not been announced in such country. These references do not imply that ASNA intends to announce such services, programs, or products in such country.
Governing Law and Forum
The terms of use set forth in these Legal Notices and any claims relating thereto shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Texas, without giving effect to the conflict of laws provisions thereof or of any other jurisdiction. You agree and hereby submit to the exclusive personal jurisdiction and venue of the Bexar County Court of Law in the State of Texas and the United States District Court For the Western District Of Texas, with respect to any claims arising out of or relating to the terms of use set forth in these Legal Notices or your use of this Site.
International Use
ASNA controls and operates this Site from its headquarters located in the State of Texas in the United States. We make no representation that this Site or its contents are appropriate and available for use in other locations and accessing them from territories where their content is illegal or is prohibited. You may not use or export the contents of this Site in violation of United States export laws and regulations. If you use this Site from other countries, you are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws including, but not limited to, the export and import regulations of such countries.
Export Control Laws
Software available on this Site is subject to United States export controls. No software from this Site may be downloaded or otherwise exported or re-exported: (1) into (or to a national or resident of) Cuba, Iraq, Libya, Sudan, North Korea, Iran or any other country to which the United States has embargoed goods; or (2) to anyone on the United States Treasury Department’s list of Specially Designated Nationals or the United States Commerce Department’s Table of Denial and Prohibition Orders.
By downloading or using software from this Site, you are agreeing to the foregoing and all applicable export control laws. You are also warranting that you are not under the control of, located in, or a resident or national of any such country or on any such list. You agree to comply strictly with all United States export control laws and assume sole responsibility for obtaining licenses to export or re-export as may be required.
The information on export control laws provided herein is not necessarily complete. For more information on export control laws, please refer to 15 C.F.R. §§736, 738, 744, 746, or telephone the United States Commerce Department, Bureau of Export Administration at (408) 998-7402, (202) 482-2440, or (202) 482-4811.
U.S. Government Restricted Rights
Any software, which is downloaded from this Site for or on behalf of the United States of America, its agencies and/or instrumentalities, is provided with Restricted Rights. Use, duplication, or disclosure by the U.S. Government is subject to restrictions as set forth in subparagraph (c)(1)(ii) of the Rights in Technical Data and Computer Software clause at DFARS 252.227-7013 or subparagraphs (c)(1) and (2) of the Commercial Computer Software – Restricted Rights at 48 CFR 52.227-19, as applicable. Manufacturer is ASNA, Inc., 1026 Central Parkway South, San Antonio, Texas 78232 USA.
Registrant Removal
In the event that we determine, in our sole discretion, that you have breached any of our terms of use, or have otherwise demonstrated conduct inappropriate for our community, we reserve the right to, with or without notice, (a) delete any or all content provided by you or your agent(s) to this Site; (b) terminate your access to this Site; (c) notify and/or send content to and/or fully cooperate with the proper law enforcement authorities for further action; and/or (d) take any other action which we, in our sole discretion, deem to be appropriate.