http://www.epic.org/privacy/airtravel/tsacomments2.24.2003.html
Before the
Department of Transportation
Washington, D.C. 20590 In the Matter of
Privacy Act Notice Concerning Aviation Security Screening Records DOT/TSA 010 - OST-1996-1437 Comments of the
Electronic Privacy Information Center
February 24, 2003
The Electronic Privacy Information Center (EPIC) submits these comments
on the application of
federal privacy rules to the collection and use of personal information obtained
by the Transportation
Security Administration (TSA). The TSA proposes a system of records that concerns
creating a new
database of Aviation Security Screening Records ("Passenger Database"),
according to the Privacy Act
notice published in the Federal Register on January 15, 2003.1 According
to a further notice filed the
same day by the Department of Transportation (DOT), the DOT proposes to exempt
this Passenger Database
from certain record keeping obligations under the Privacy Act, stating that
it may limit disclosures
about the system because it is being used for law enforcement purposes.2
In summary, the TSA has failed to provide sufficient information for the public
to contribute
meaningfully to this rule-making procedure. In fact, the TSA has resisted
requests brought under the
Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) to provide public access to relevant information
in the agency's
possession. EPIC expressly reserves the right to supplement our comments after
the TSA has provided
further information requested below.
EPIC is a public interest research center in Washington, D.C. It was established
in 1994 to focus public
attention on emerging civil liberties issues and to protect privacy, the First
Amendment, and
constitutional values. We believe that government security proposals can and
should be designed to
protect privacy and other important Constitutional values. Transparency about
the proposals is a
critical first step for the public to evaluate the effectiveness and implications
of new security
measures, and public debate is crucial for the long-term viability and legitimacy
of the security
measures. The TSA has not provided substantive information to allow the public
to properly evaluate its
Passenger Database proposals, and consequently has raised serious questions
about whether it is
performing its public duty appropriately.
The Proposed System Does Not Meet Basic Privacy Act Requirements
TSA proposes to collect passenger manifest information on all airline travelers
and store it in
a large centralized database. The manifest information includes "Passenger
Name Records (PNR) and
associated data." This includes date and time of flights, flight number,
destination, reservation
information, and payment information. According to the Privacy Act notice
the TSA would store the
records until the "completion of the individual's air travel to which
the record relates."
The TSA also proposes to collect and store data on "individuals who are
deemed to pose a possible risk
to transportation or national security." If a person is determined to
be a "risk" under this opaque (and
possibly arbitrary and/or discriminatory) procedure, the data will be stored
for 50 years. The TSA, to
date, has provided absolutely no information about how a passenger is determined
to be a "possible risk
to transportation or national security." Indeed, one could argue that
simply purchasing a ticket makes
an individual a "possible" risk to transportation. TSA also gives
no information about how such a person
might become aware of his or her categorization, and how that categorization
might be legally
challenged.
The TSA proposes that if a person is determined to be a risk, the database
will also be populated by
detailed data about that person including "risk assessment reports; financial
and transactional data;
public source information; proprietary data; and information from law enforcement
and intelligence
sources."
The Privacy Act requires the agency to collect data directly from the subject
as far as possible, and to
provide rights of access and correction.3 However, the TSA has provided
no information about where the
data will be collected from, whether those sources are accurate, whether the
data will be collected
following lawful procedures based upon a showing of particularized suspicion,
and whether the data
subject will have rights of access and correction. In fact, the TSA notice
explicitly denies the right
provided by the Privacy Act to access the system of record for the "purposes
of determining if the
system contains a record pertaining to a particular individual."4
The Privacy Act also limits the collection of information by requiring that
only relevant data be
collected for a limited purpose.5 The TSA has not provided any clarity
on the actual purpose of this
data collection, or whether the creation of a Passenger Database is narrowly
tailored to that purpose.
Furthermore, there do not appear to be any restrictions on potential uses
of the Passenger Database by
other agencies of the government. The data can also be widely shared with
Federal, State, local, and
even international agencies.
Significantly, the TSA notice already expands the secondary purposes for the
data by providing Federal,
State, or local agencies access to the Passenger Database to make hiring decisions,
grant licenses, and
security clearances. There appears to be no limit on the possible applications
for the Passenger
Database information, and no restrictions on how the information might be
used to make determinations. TSA Surveillance Schemes Are Shrouded in Secrecy
There is a basic lack of public understanding about whether the proposed Passenger
Database is
the foundation for the Computer Assisted Passenger Pre-Screening System-II
(CAPPS-II) initiative, or
whether it is a repository for various government agency watch list or "no-fly"
data. If indeed it forms
the basis for CAPPS-II, it is very troubling that the TSA may, through this
notice, be launching one of
the "largest domestic surveillance systems"6 without the opportunity
for informed public debate and
Congressional scrutiny. The TSA should immediately clarify its intentions
regarding the purpose of the
Passenger Database.
Is the Passenger Database Related to CAPPS-II?
EPIC has sought to obtain information from the TSA about CAPPS-II under the
Freedom of
Information Act (FOIA). We filed an expedited FOIA request on February 1,
2002 seeking records on the
development of CAPPS-II. Upon receiving no response from the TSA, we filed
a lawsuit on March 15, 2002
to compel the disclosure of relevant information.7 The information that
EPIC sought was mostly as
Sensitive Security Information (SSI), which is defined as information "the
release of which would be
detrimental to the safety of passengers in transportation."8 TSA regulations
define SSI to include "any
selection criteria used in any security screening process" and "specific
details of aviation security
measures."9
What little information was released gives some sense of the scale of the
project being contemplated. A
NASA Ames Research Center briefing to Northwest Airlines in December 2001
obtained under the FOIA
describes the possible utility of NASA technology for aviation security. The
documents outline a vision
similar to the "Total Information Awareness" program that is currently
being developed by the Defense
Department. Biometric identifiers, including face recognition, smart card
national identification
documents, and extensive data mining of multiple-source transaction records
would help give security
personnel an indicator that a passenger is a threat or a non-threat.10
The document acknowledges that a
requirement of the proposed passenger screening program would need to "address
privacy and 'big brother'
issues to the extent possible." While there is no indicator that TSA
or Northwest Airlines have engaged
NASA to construct CAPPS-II, the NASA proposal provides some limited information
about the conceptual
underpinning of the CAPPS-II project.
Email records obtained under the FOIA disclose that a CAPPS-II prototype was
to be tested at the Salt
Lake Winter Olympics in 2002, but was ultimately not deployed due to the legal
concerns of the
unidentified contractors. Emails obtained under the FOIA also show that the
developers of CAPPS-II met
with Admiral Poindexter and the Defense Department's Total Information Awareness
team to discuss
possible collaborative efforts.11
A January 29, 2003 contract pre-solicitation notice issued by the TSA about
the CAPPS-II system provides
more details about the project goals:
The intent of the CAPPS II program is to improve the ability to identify
threats to aviation security by
analyzing and evaluating multiple-source data on every ticketed passenger
on every airline to determine
whether the passenger poses a security risk or threat to the traveling public.
12 (emphasis added)
The notice indicates that awards for the contract will be issued on February
21, 2003 and that the
contractor must be ready to begin work at the Office of National Risk Assessment
(ONRA) by February 24,
2003. Perhaps coincidentally, the Privacy Act notice states that the Passenger
Database will be housed
in the ONRA. This suggests that the Passenger Database might be part of the
CAPPS-II initiative.
The contract notice requires potential contractors to describe, among other
things, their proficiency in
"risk assessment methodologies, including modeling and scoring"
and the use of "near neural, Bayesian
belief and Perceptual networks," "data management using multiple
commercial data providers," and "large
data (40 terabytes+) management in near real-time environments." According
to newspaper reports, various
credit scoring firms and information brokers are vying for these lucrative
contracts from the TSA.13
A quick sketch of the privacy and security risks of CAPPS-II suggests the
significant issues that still
require public discussion. First, the risks that commercial data mining methodologies
pose when used in
more exacting law enforcement situations has not been adequately debated.
Fraud management systems rely
on capturing deviations from the norm - a challenging task even when tracking
a relatively simple
problem of credit card fraud. Neural networks at the core of data mining programs
rely on a very large
number of examples of deviance to "train" the system, it is unclear
what examples the TSA will use and
whether those examples are reliable indicators of future terrorist action.
Even if the system were used
to find non-threats, it is not clear what criteria would go into developing
a non-threat model and
whether the system might operate discriminatorily or punish non-conformity.
The tolerance for failure
and imprecision in the law enforcement context is significantly different,
and the stakes for
misidentification are not trivial.
Second, there are also serious questions surrounding law enforcement access
to data held by multiple
commercial data providers and whether that access might just be an end run
around the Privacy Act.14
EPIC is currently in litigation with the Justice Department to obtain information
about its contracts
with Choicepoint and other such information brokers to shed light on this
question.15 Additionally, part
of the purpose behind the Privacy Act was to ensure that information the government
did collect about
individuals was accurate.16 The poor quality of data in the various commercial
databases such as credit
reports has been well documented.17 There is a significant possibility
that the use of multiple-source
commercial databases would result in a number of incorrect determinations
because of the bad data stored
in these databases - garbage in, garbage out. Finally, the large database
contemplated in the CAPPS-II
contract suggests the possible size of the Passenger Database, if indeed it
is related to the CAPPS-II
initiative.18 There is no justification or analysis provided for why the
government plans to collect and
store so much information on individuals. Driven by similar concerns about the Defense Department's "Total Information
Awareness" program,
Congress voted to block funding for the initiative unless the Defense Department
provided it a detailed
analysis of the program and its civil liberties implications.19 The TSA
should provide a similar report
concerning the CAPPS-II project. Indeed, the first CAPPS project in 1996 had
convened a civil liberties
advisory taskforce to provide input into the design of the system.20 Or Is the Passenger Database a Watch list or "No-Fly" Database?
Another possibility is that the "risky persons" in the Passenger
Database are persons on an official
government watch list or "no-fly" list. EPIC has also tried to obtain
records about how the TSA is
complying with the watch list obligations under the Aviation Transportation
Security Act. EPIC filed a
request on October 3, 2002 after learning about several reported complaints
from members of the public
who felt they had been incorrectly placed on a watch list and did not know
how to correct the record, or
were concerned that they were put on the list for their political opinions.
After exhausting all
administrative remedies in waiting for a response, EPIC filed suit on December
12, 2002 to compel the
disclosure of the information.21
TSA has consistently erected barriers to public oversight, which is both
a dereliction of duty and a
contribution to public confusion about the agency's mission and motives. To
date, EPIC has received no
documents related to the administration of the watch lists by the TSA, despite
the agency being required
by law to have such records and to disclose them to the public.
If the TSA is developing the Passenger Database to store "no-fly"
or watch list information, then it is
not clear why information needs to be collected and stored on all passengers.
Any use of watch lists
must follow lawful procedures to obtain information about persons on the list
and must provide
appropriate policy and security safeguards to prevent misuse. Specifically,
the TSA should comply with
both the letter and the spirit of the Privacy Act of 1974. There also need
to be transparent and simple
procedures for individuals to challenge determinations. Operators of the watch
lists must also be
accountable to Congress to ensure that the information is being used appropriately.
However, without
basic information about how a person is designated a risk and how that might
be contested, it is
difficult to comment on the use of the Passenger Database as an integrated
watch list.
Tracking Individuals' Movements Implicates Constitutional Rights
EPIC submitted comments on February 4, 2003 to the INS on a proposed rule
to collect passenger
manifest information for all international airline flights.22 The comments
noted that:
While we believe that the INS has not yet provided adequate information to
permit an evaluation of the
proposed rule's legality, we note initially that the proposed collection of
detailed travel information
concerning United States persons clearly raises serious questions under subsection
(e)(7) of the Act.
The subsection provides that an agency shall "maintain no record describing
how any individual exercises
rights guaranteed by the First Amendment, unless expressly authorized by statute
or by the individual
about whom the record is maintained or unless pertinent to and within the
scope of an authorized law
enforcement activity." 5 U.S.C. § 552a(e)(7) Government collection
of information detailing the
international travel of United States persons would appear to fun afoul of
that prohibition and would,
as we discuss below, raise additional constitutional issues.23 Similar considerations concerning the Constitutional implications apply to
the collection of "PNR and
associated data" contemplated by the TSA's notice. While the TSA does
at least provide a Privacy Act
notice, this notice is not adequate as argued above. We expressly reserve
the right to supplement our
comments on the Constitutional implications of the Passenger Database after
the TSA has provided more
information about its proposed information collection.
We note that The Supreme Court has long recognized the right to associate
anonymously. NAACP v. Alabama
ex rel. Patterson, 357 U.S. 449, 460 (1958) ("Effective advocacy
of both public and private points of
view, particularly controversial ones, is undeniably enhanced by group association,
as this Court has
more than once recognized by remarking upon the close nexus between the freedoms
of speech and
assembly.") See also Shelton v. Tucker, 364 U.S. 479, 485 (1960).
To the extent that the proposed
collection of personally identifying information would enhance the government's
ability to track the
movements and associations of individuals, it would clearly implicate individuals'
right to travel and
to associate anonymously. Serious Privacy and Civil Liberty Issues Loom in the Future Direction
of TSA
TSA Chief Loy's speech to the National Association of Mayors on January 22,
2003 points to two
significant projects that the TSA is currently pursuing, both of which have
significant privacy and
civil liberties implications that must be more widely debated, particular
in Congress.24 The first is
the CAPPS-II project, which Admiral Loy describes as "a system that will
allow us to gain much greater
comfort with the process by which we select those fewer people to get additional
scrutiny before we
allow them on an aircraft here in the United States." He described the
first goal of the project as
taking the system, which the airlines themselves that is currently deal with
and manage, out of their
hands and bringing the system inside the TSA.
The second goal of CAPPS-II concerns identification. Admiral Loy called for
developing "some kind of law
enforcement standard for identification" so that the TSA would have "confidence"
in a person's identity.
The National Research Council has issued a report discussing the significant
issues raised by the
creation of a national identification document of the sort contemplated by
Admiral Loy's comment.25 The
report suggests that, given the scope of the issues raised, any development
of such a system must be
extensively debated and properly understood by Congress and the public. This
element of CAPPS-II has not
received such scrutiny to date.
The third goal of CAPPS-II, according to Admiral Loy's speech, is to look
for people on the watch list.
He said that:
[CAPPS-II would] bounce that name that we now have some confidence in off
an integrated watch list that
truly represents foreign terrorists so that we can make good judgments as
to who in that millions of
folks coming to the airport on a daily basis deserves greater scrutiny,
as I said before, before they
board the aircraft.
This description of CAPPS-II as an integrated watch list is significantly
different from the
description provided in the contract notice, which states that every passenger's
data would be pulled
from multiple-source databases and analyzed to see if they pose a risk. The
TSA needs to be clear about
what precisely it is contemplating, so that the public can have an informed
discussion about the privacy
and security risks of the CAPPS-II project.
The second project that raises significant privacy and security risks is
the "trusted traveler" or
"registered traveler" program. This is conceived as a voluntary
program where people who are willing to
put themselves through a more scrutinized background investigation will gain
special "status," which
would enable them to receive less scrutiny at airports. This program is a
possible precursor to a
national ID program, according to the National Research Council, and must
be properly understood before
any development is to take place.26 Furthermore, the program presents a
significant security risk by
creating a hole for potential terrorists, according to former TSA chief John
Magaw.27 Finally, criteria
for granting special "status" to some travelers raises significant
questions about the equity of the
program and whether it would contribute to creating inequality in society.
28
Conclusion: Questions the TSA Must Answer The fundamental question about whether this is a Privacy Act notice concerning
CAPPS-II, or whether it
is a notice concerning watch list information, points to the TSA's singular
failure to be publicly
accountable and transparent about the information it proposes to collect on
individuals. Unless this
situation is remedied, it will remain difficult to engage in an informed public
debate. We request the
TSA to answer the following questions to enable public comments on the merits
of their proposal:
What is the aim of the Passenger Database? Is it the foundation of CAPPS-II
or is it an integrated watch list? What procedure will determine if a person is a "risk"?
How does a person become aware of being tagged as a "risk"? And,
how can that determination be legally challenged? What specifically are the policy and security safeguards to protect the
Passenger Database?
Respectfully submitted, Chris Hoofnagle
Deputy Counsel Mihir Kshirsagar
Policy Analyst
Federal Register: January 15, 2003 (Volume 68, Number 10) [Page 2101-2103]. Federal Register: January 15, 2003 (Volume 68, Number 10) [Page 2002]. 5 U.S.C. §552(e) and (d). 5 U.S.C. §552(a)(k). 5 U.S.C. §552(e)(1). Air Security Focusing on Flier Screening, Washington Post, September 4, 2002. EPIC v. DOT, Civil Action 02-0475, (D.D.C. 2002). 49 U.S.C. 40119(b)(1)(C) and 49 CFR 1520.3(b)(3). 49 CFR 1520.7(c), (j). NASA Ames Research Center Northwest Airlines Briefing available at
http://www.epic.org/privacy/airtravel/foia/foia1.html. See http://www.epic.org/privacy/profiling/tia/meetingscans.html. Presolicitation Notice, DTSA20-03-R-00780, published on January 29, 2003. Air Security Focusing on Flier Screening, Washington Post, September 4, 2002. FBI's Reliance on the Private Sector Has Raised Some Privacy Concerns, Wall
Street Journal, April 13,
2001. EPIC v. DOJ, C.A. No 02-0063 (CKK) (D.D.C. 2002). Privacy Act of 1974 Congressional Findings section (b)(4).
See for example, PIRG: Mistakes Do Happen: Credit Report Errors Mean Consumers
Lose, available at
http://www.pirg.org/reports/consumer/ mistakes/. (Finding that over 70% of credit
reports have errors,
with 30% having serious errors.)
By comparison, MasterCard's database on 1.7 billion cardholders and all their
transactions in a year
contain about 40 terabytes of data (without compression). Data Diets, CIO Magazine,
January 1, 2003.
Available at http://www.cio.com/archive/010103/et_company_content.html. 108 H.J. Res. 2 (2003). See http://www.epic.org/privacy/faa/aclu_testimony.html. http://www.epic.org/privacy/airtravel/tsa_foia_suit.pdf. EPIC INS Manifest Comments, February 4, 2003. Available at
http://www.epic.org/privacy/airtravel/ins_manifest_comments.pdf. EPIC INS Manifest Comments, p. 3.
Remarks by Admiral James Loy, U.S. Conference of Mayors, January 22, 2003
available at
http://www.tsa.gov/public/display?theme=46&content=486 IDs-Not That Easy: Questions About Nationwide Identity Systems. National
Research Council, 2002. See
also Your Papers, Please: From the State Drivers License to a National Identification
System, EPIC 2002. Id. Registered Traveler : Program Policy and Implementation Issues, Government
Accounting Office03-253
November 2002 available at http://www.gao.gov/new.items/d03253.pdf. Id.