http://www.straker.co.nz/service/corporate/legal/
News
Are you a highly skilled IBM translator? Keen to take part in a new and exciting collaboration between IBM and Straker?
Our Strategic Partnership with IBM means more opportunities for Freelance Translators in key markets within Europe, South America and Asia.
You must have proven IBM translations experience and be a native in the target language.
Please contact us at ibm.translator@strakertranslations.com to register your interest.
Legal Translation ServicesFind out how easy it is to get accurate and high-quality multilingual legal translations!
We know the pain law firms and lawyers feel in getting fast, accurate and contextually correct legal documents translated and localized. That’s why we built a continuous translation platform that uses data assets to drive accuracy and speed like never before.
Translate all your depositions, complaints, employment contracts, regulations and legislation to give your firm or organization a global voice.
Get a Free Quote
Brand assetsUsing our FREE, RAY Translation Platform we can store your brand or company phrases, product names or technical terms. This is clever way of building a tangible and value-laden company asset. if you use a lot of industry-specific terminologies such as in the manufacturing or legal sectors and works across all documents and format types. This is an essential way to ensure consistency.
Visual context translationOur RAY Technology Allows for our project managers to know exactly how fast the translators are going, how many segments are completed and their estimated completion time and Automatically pushes each completed file into the review workflow, ensuring each document can be worked on simultaneously.
Life’s Too Short To Worry About Translations, So Let Us Make The Process Easy For You!
You can relax on hitting your legal deadlines as you will have complete visibility on the progress and stage of translation jobs through our free online customer dashboard.
With your customer dashboard, you can add translation memory, reserved words and glossary lists to drive accuracy and consistency across your legal organization.
Order, review, sign-off and pay for your translations in your online account dashboard for extra efficiency.
Start Your Translation Project
Get a Free Quote
If you’re starting an early case assessment for a potential cross-border dispute, kicking off an M&A due diligence project or launching an international investigation, you’ll want to build a case quickly and efficiently. We can provide a wide range of ‘best practice’ legal translation advice and options so your review teams can make important decisions in the time-sensitive and complex legal environment.
Client Benefits
Full transparency across your translation project and simple project management through our free Customer Dashboard – DELTARAY
Our cloud-based service provides legal translations at a faster rate which means lower costs and greater content value the more you work with us.
Our self-built and dynamic ‘Learn as it goes’ translation memory stores content for faster and cost-effective future projects the more you work with us.
Superior content management platforms and translation technology helps you realise cost savings, achieve quicker results and accelerate delivery times
Contact Our Team To Learn How Translations Can Help Your Business
To find out more about how we can provide you with high quality and cost-effective business translations, please complete the form below and one of our expert Localization Solution Specialists will be in touch soon.
If you need to contact us about a quote you’ve requested or a translation job, please contact us at processing@strakertranslations.com and provide us with your reference number which starts with TJ.
Please do not apply for a translator position through our contact forms as you will not get a response. For current translator positions, please click here.
Name*
First
Last
Email*
Company Name*Company Size*1 - 1010 - 100100 - 10001000+How many employees does your company have?Job TitleDepartmentExecutiveMarketing/SalesOperationsTechnologyHRFinanceOtherPhone*Region*EMEA (DACH Region)EMEAUnited Kingdom/ IrelandAmericasJapanOceaniaAsiaRest of WorldWhat services do you require?*TranslationsMachine TranslationsTranslation + Desktop PublishingMedia/Audiovisual (subtitling, dubbing etc)Translation Automation via APISoftware LocalizationMessageBusiness enquiries only, please. Any enquiries about translator positions will be ignored.How did you hear about us?Social Media/LinkedInGoogleConferenceReferralDisplay AdOtherCAPTCHA
Bespoke Solutions
Glossaries and Reserved Words
Translation Memory
Validation Platform
CMS Connectors
Corporate Translations
eCommerce
Financial
HR and Operations
Legal
Marketing
Medical
Technical
Desktop Publishing
Websites
Audio & Video
Documents
Languages
Machine Translation
Personal Translation
ECFMG Translation
Immigration Translation
Legal Translation
NAATI Translation
USCIS Translation
Translation Automation
AEM Translations Connector
Magento
Magento Demo
WordPress
WordPress Demo
TrustPilot
Trustpilot
Contact NZ & AUS AUCKLAND
Level 2, Building 3
61 Constellation Drive
Rosedale, Auckland, 0632
New Zealand
Phone: +64 9 801 0648
GISBORNE
Level 1, 131 Gladstone Road
Gisborne, 4010
New Zealand
Phone: +64 9 801 0648
By Appointment Only
SYDNEY
Level 26
44 Market Street
Sydney NSW 2000
Australia
Phone: +61 2 8015 2744
By Appointment Only
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy and GDPR Compliance
Straker Group Quality Statement
CONTACT UK & EUROPE LONDON
71-75 Shelton Street
Covent Garden
London, WC2H 9JQ,
United Kingdom
– By appointment only
Phone: +44 845 591 1640
Freephone: +44 800 069 8425
IRELAND
Unit 2A2
KTI Centre
Killarney
Co. Kerry, Ireland
– By appointment only
Phone: +353 1 691 7864
BARCELONA
Carrer Galileu, 303, 6th Floor,
08028 Barcelona, Spain
Phone: +34 9 3220 2215
VITORIA-GASTEIZ
Nueva Dentro, 33 A 01001
Vitoria-Gasteiz Álava/Araba,
Basque Country, Spain
– By appointment only
KIEL
Hopfenstr. 1d
24114 Kiel
– By appointment only
COLOGNE
Straker Germany GmbH
Luxemburger Str. 259
D-50939 Köln
P:+49 221 168 993 31
By Appointment Only
CONTACT JAPAN JAPAN
Straker Japan K.K.
32F Shinjuku Nomura Bldg.
1-26-2 Nishi-Shinjuku,
Shinjuku-Ku Tokyo 163-0532
– By appointment only
Phone: +81 3 5322 1334
CONTACT USA BURBANK
Straker Translations / Straker Media
150 East Olive Avenue,
Suite 211, Burbank,
91502, California
Phone: +1 213 550 3908
DENVER
1630 Welton Street,
Suite 729,
Denver, CO 80202
Phone: +1 720 316 5967
For a list of all our office locations, please click here
Scroll to top
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.I acceptPrivacy policyCookie and Privacy Settings
How we use cookies
We may request cookies to be set on your device. We use cookies to let us know when you visit our websites, how you interact with us, to enrich your user experience, and to customize your relationship with our website.
Click on the different category headings to find out more. You can also change some of your preferences. Note that blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience on our websites and the services we are able to offer.
Essential Website Cookies
These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our website and to use some of its features.
Because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the website, refuseing them will have impact how our site functions. You always can block or delete cookies by changing your browser settings and force blocking all cookies on this website. But this will always prompt you to accept/refuse cookies when revisiting our site.
We fully respect if you want to refuse cookies but to avoid asking you again and again kindly allow us to store a cookie for that. You are free to opt out any time or opt in for other cookies to get a better experience. If you refuse cookies we will remove all set cookies in our domain.
We provide you with a list of stored cookies on your computer in our domain so you can check what we stored. Due to security reasons we are not able to show or modify cookies from other domains. You can check these in your browser security settings.
Check to enable permanent hiding of message bar and refuse all cookies if you do not opt in. We need 2 cookies to store this setting. Otherwise you will be prompted again when opening a new browser window or new a tab.
Click to enable/disable essential site cookies.
Other external services
We also use different external services like Google Webfonts, Google Maps, and external Video providers. Since these providers may collect personal data like your IP address we allow you to block them here. Please be aware that this might heavily reduce the functionality and appearance of our site. Changes will take effect once you reload the page.
Google Webfont Settings:
Click to enable/disable Google Webfonts.
Google Map Settings:
Click to enable/disable Google Maps.
Google reCaptcha Settings:
Click to enable/disable Google reCaptcha.
Vimeo and Youtube video embeds:
Click to enable/disable video embeds.
Accept settingsHide notification only