https://www.unilogcorp.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Unilog Content Solutions (hereinafter, “Unilog,” “we,” or “us”) is committed to and has mechanisms (as may be required in certain jurisdictions) in place to protect the privacy and security of personal information entrusted to us by our customers, by our business partners, prospective customers, and by visitors on our Websites, including but not limited to https://www.unilogcorp.com and https://www.cimm2.com (the “Websites”). This Privacy Policy explains the policies and practices of Unilog Content Solutions (and its subsidiaries) (herein, collectively, “Unilog,” “we,” or “us”) regarding collection of information from and about individual persons, and it describes how Unilog uses, stores, processes, manages, and discloses such information (all of which we refer to as our “privacy practices”).
This Privacy Policy applies to each of the Unilog-branded websites that display or link to this Privacy Policy. Unless otherwise indicated in the applicable website, each website that is subject to this Privacy Policy is operated by Unilog.
Unilog sometimes receives, collects, stores and processes certain personal information from individuals residing in or domiciled in the European Union (“EU”), and Unilog endeavors to treat all such information as required by the EU’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).  If you are an EU resident or other individual whose personal information is subject to the GDPR, you have certain rights with respect to our use, management, storage, and distribution of your personal information, and additional GDPR specific terms of this Privacy Policy apply to you and to your personal information.  Please see below for Unilog’s GDPR Compliance Statement.
Information that We Collect
Most information collected by Unilog is anonymous or statistical data that is not capable of identifying an individual (“Anonymous Data”). Some information collected by Unilog, like name, address, and phone number, can identify an individual (“Personal Information”). Information about an individual that is associated with his/her Personal Information is also considered Personal Information. For example, a data record indicating that an anonymous person submitted a request for technical support would be Anonymous Data, but if that same record is associated with a person’s name or other Personal Information, the  record of the submitted request is also Personal Information for so long as it is so associated.
This Privacy Policy does not limit collection, use, processing, storage or disclosure of Anonymous Data.
When you visit our Websites, you may provide us with two types of information: (1) Personal Information that you choose to enter and submit to us, including your name, email address and interests and (2) general user information that does not contain Personal Information, including your IP address, the type of browser you use, and the referrer ID (General User Information).  General User Information is aggregated with information from other users and analyzed to help ensure that our Websites accommodate to our general business practices. In some cases, if you choose not to provide us with requested Personal Information , you may not be able to access all the Website’s content or services.
How We Use Your Personal Information
In general, we use Personal Information to:
provide you with a better, more personal experience on our Websites;
respond to your requests for information;
provide you with products and services;
provide you access to various content; and
provide you with additional information that may be of interest, including marketing materials from us.
Cookies
Like most other commercial websites, we use standard “cookie” technology and web server logs to collect information about how our Websites are used. A cookie is a small data file that is stored by your web browser on your hard drive. A cookie file can contain information such as a user ID that the site uses to track the pages you’ve visited, but the only personal information a cookie can contain is information you supply yourself. A cookie can’t read other non-cookie data from your computer environment or read cookie files created by other sites. By using cookies, we can recognize you when you revisit our Websites, and to remember certain information provided by you, such as your preferences. Some parts of our Websites use cookies to track user traffic patterns, which helps us determine the usefulness of our Website information to you and to see how effective our navigational structure is in helping you reach that information. We do not correlate this information with data about individual users, nor do we sell this information to any third party.
If you prefer not to receive cookies on our Websites, you can set your browser to warn you before accepting cookies and refuse the cookie when your browser alerts you to its presence. You can also refuse all cookies by turning them off in your browser.
Disclosure of Your Personal Information
We may disclose your Personal Information to our approved third-party affiliates for the purpose of responding to your requests for information, products or services. Unilog may provide aggregated statistics about users to third parties, but such information will be aggregated so that it does not identify any individual or company. We may also disclose any information as permitted or required by law, to protect our legal rights, as required by a court ordered subpoena, and/or in connection with the transfer of the assets our businesses.
Choice to Opt-Out
We may periodically send you relevant Unilog and industry information. If you no longer wish to continue receiving such information, please contact Unilog Marketing as described below and let us know. Alternately, you can also opt-out of receiving marketing emails from us at any time by following the opt-out instructions provided on every email. In addition, you may request that Unilog modify or delete your registered Personal Information by contacting Unilog Marketing as described below. However, if you are a Unilog customer, please note that we will continue sending you notices and important information affecting your account and our products and services via e-mail or other elected electronic means (e.g., SMS, IRC, chat apps).
Security
Unilog employs industry-accepted and reasonable data security measures (“Security Measures”) to safeguard the Personal Information we collect. Despite the Security Measures employed by Unilog, you should be aware that it is impossible to guarantee 100% security with respect to Personal Information sent through the Internet and/or other electronic means.
Links to Third-Party Sites
Our Websites may contain links to third-party websites for your convenience and information. If you choose to access those links, you will leave the Unilog Websites. Unilog provides these links merely as a convenience and Unilog does not endorse or accept any responsibility for the content or the use of such websites, even if they contain a Unilog logo. Unilog does not control these third-party Websites or their privacy practices, which may differ from Unilog’s privacy practices. The Personal Information you choose to provide to, or that is collected by these third-party websites, is not covered by the Unilog Privacy Policy. We encourage you to review the privacy policy of any third-party Website before submitting your Personal Information to such Website. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Unilog aderes to GDPR requirements and practices in connection with the transfer of any of your Personal Information to third parties.
Modifications
We may modify this Privacy Policy without prior notice. In the event we update or modify this Privacy Policy, Unilog shall endeavor to post such updates or modifications on this Website for a period of thirty (30) days following any such modifications. We advise you to review this Privacy Policy occasionally. Your continued use of our Websites after Unilog’s notice of modification of this Privacy Policy shall constitute your acceptance of the modified Privacy Policy.
Enforcement
If you feel that Unilog or any of our partners, representatives or employees, is violating this Privacy Policy, or if you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy or Unilog’s treatment of Personal Information, please contact us via email at marketing@unilogcorp.com, by telephone at 484-580-8933 or by postal mail at:
Unilog Content Solutions
Attention: Marketing Department
996 Old Eagle School Rd, Suite 1119
Wayne, PA 19087
United States
Unilog GDPR Compliance Statement
Application
This section of our privacy policy applies to Personal Information which we hold in connection with our business operations in the EU and to which the GDPR applies.
General
Unilog endeavors to comply fully with the requirements of the GDPR.  Personal Information of EU individuals will be treated in accordance with this Privacy Policy except as otherwise required by the GDPR.  If there is any conflict between the requirements of the GDPR and the privacy practices described above, Unilog will abide by the GDPR in those circumstances.
Where it applies, and in addition to the information provided above, the GDPR requires Unilog to inform you about: (a) the types of Personal Information that we collect; (b) the purposes of our processing and its legal basis; (c) who we may disclose your Personal Information to; (d) if we transfer your Personal Information to organizations outside the EU; (e) how long we may keep it for; and (f) your rights in relation to your Personal Information that we hold.
What Personal Information do we hold about you and what do we hold it for?
We collect Personal Information in two main categories and use it, as described below:
Information of Customers and Business Partners:
Type of information
Purpose
Legal Basis
Contact information of personnel of our business customers and business partners.
Conducting our business relationship, performing contractual obligations and providing support regarding our customers’ use of our products and services.
Our legitimate business interests as a vendor or service provider to manage our relationship.
Where relevant, performance of our contract with you.
Personal Information of our prospective business customers and business partners during negotiations of business relationships and contract negotiations.
Communicating with these individuals as necessary to conduct such negotiations.
Our legitimate business interests as a prospective vendor or service provider and/or prospective contract partner.
Where we have a contractual relationship with an organization, we will store this information throughout the course of our contractual business relationship and for a reasonable time following its end (linked to the applicable legal time limit for bringing claims under the contract).
Where dealing with prospective customers or partners, we will store this information only for so long as we reasonably believe that the individual and/or his/her organization may be considered a business prospect, not to exceed one (1) year following the last communication received from that individual. If the individual and/or his/her organization becomes a customer or business partner, his/her Personal Information is treated as described above.
Marketing Information:
Type of information
Purpose
Legal Basis
Personal Information regarding personnel within organizations to whom Unilog wishes to market its products and services.
We may receive that information either directly or from third parties.
This information may include names, email and postal addresses, phone numbers, organization name, job title and information regarding the individual’s organization, such as the organizations business needs that may indicate why Unilog’s products and services would be beneficial or desirable.
Sending marketing and business development communications to individuals.
Our legitimate business interests as a prospective services provider.
We may also rely on your consent where you have provided it to us.
Personal Information of our prospective business customers and business partners during negotiations of business relationships and contract negotiations.
Communicating with these individuals as necessary to conduct such negotiations.
Our legitimate business interests as a prospective vendor or service provider and/or prospective contract partner.
Where we have obtained Personal Information from a third party, we will endeavor to comply with applicable notice provisions required by the GDPR (Article 14) to inform individuals that we have received their information from third-party sources.
We will store Personal Information for marketing purposes only for so long as we reasonably believe that the individual remains a legitimate business prospect, not to exceed one (1) year following the last communication received from that individual.
Unilog also honors all opt-out requests receiving from individuals to whom we send marketing communications. Within our marketing emails, we provide simple and easy-to-follow instructions that inform individuals how to opt-out from future marketing emails, and we remove the Personal Information from our marketing lists regarding individuals who follow those opt-out procedures.
Who may we disclose your Personal Information to?
You agree that we may share your Personal Information with:
our business partners, suppliers and sub-contractors for the performance of any contract we enter into with you, for example we engage third parties to help deliver our services, to send you marketing and surveys and for data analysis;
other professional advisers (including accountants and lawyers) that assist us in carrying out our business activities;
police and other law enforcement agencies in connection with the prevention and detection of crime; and
third parties if we are under a duty to disclose or share your Personal Information in order to comply with any legal obligation or instructions of a regulatory body (including in connection with a court order), or in order to enforce or apply the terms of any agreements we have with or otherwise concerning you (including agreements between you and us) or to protect our rights, property or safety of our clients, employees or other third parties.
We may also disclose your Personal Information to other third parties, for example:
if we sell or buy any business or assets we may disclose your Personal Information to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets; and
if we or substantially all our assets are acquired by a third party (or are subject to a reorganization within our corporate group), Personal Information held by us will be one of the transferred assets.
Where will we transfer your Personal Information?
We will process your Personal Information both within and outside the European Economic Area (EEA). Where we transfer personal data outside of the EEA, we will implement appropriate and suitable safeguards to ensure that such Personal Information will be protected as required by applicable data protection law.
These measures generally include either:
transferring Personal Information to countries that have been deemed to provide an adequate level of protection for Personal Information by the European Commission under the GDPR (Article 45(1));
transferring Personal Information where the recipient has agreed to a European Commission approved data transfer agreement in the form of the standard contractual clauses under the GDPR (Article 46(2)); or
transferring Personal Information where the recipient is Privacy Shield certified in the USA.
Your rights
Where your Personal Information is processed in connection with our operations in the EU, the GDPR provides you certain rights with respect to your Personal Information.
These rights may only apply in certain circumstances and are subject to certain exemptions.  Please see the table below for a summary of your rights.
Summary of your rights
Right of access to your personal information
You have the right to receive a copy of your Personal Information that we hold about you, subject to certain exemptions.
Any access request is free of charge. We may require further information to respond to your request (for instance, evidence of your identity and information to enable us to locate the specific Personal Information you require).
Right to rectify your Personal Information
You have the right to ask us to correct your Personal Information that we hold where it is incorrect or incomplete.
Right to erasure of your Personal Information
You have the right to ask that your Personal Information be deleted in certain circumstances.  For example (i) where your Personal Information is no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise used; (ii) if you withdraw your consent and there is no other legal ground for which we rely on for the continued use of your Personal Information; (iii) if you object to the use of your Personal Information (as set out below); (iv) if we have used your Personal Information unlawfully; or (v) if your Personal Information needs to be erased to comply with a legal obligation.
Right to restrict the use of your Personal Information
You have the right to suspend our use of your Personal Information in certain circumstances.  For example (i) where you think your Personal Information is inaccurate and only for such period to enable us to verify the accuracy of your Personal Information; (ii) the use of your Personal Information is unlawful and you oppose the erasure of your Personal Information and request that it is suspended instead; (iii) we no longer need your Personal Information, but your Personal Information is required by you for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims; or (iv) you have objected to the use of your Personal Information and we are verifying whether our grounds for the use of your Personal Information override your objection.
Right to data portability
You have the right to obtain your Personal Information in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and for it to be transferred to another organization, where it is technically feasible. The right only applies where the use of your Personal Information is based on your consent or for the performance of a contract, and when the use of your Personal Information is carried out by automated (i.e. electronic) means.
Right to object to the use of your Personal Information
You have the right to object to the use of your Personal Information in certain circumstances. For example (i) where you have grounds relating to your particular situation and we use your Personal Information for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party); and (ii) if you object to the use of your Personal Information for direct marketing purposes.
Right to withdraw consent
You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time where we rely on consent to use your Personal Information.
Right to complain to the relevant data protection authority
You have the right to complain to the relevant data protection authority (which is the Information Commissioner’s Office in the UK and the Data Protection Commissioner in the Republic of Ireland), where you think we have not used your Personal Information in accordance with data protection law.
If you have questions?
If you wish to contact Unilog with questions regarding your GDPR rights, or if you wish to exercise your rights under the GDPR, you may contact Unilog at marketing@unilogcorp.com
This Unilog Privacy Policy was last updated May 25, 2018.