http://www.thegrideon.com/privacy.html
AboutFAQHelpMap
Home » Company » Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Last update: May 1, 2005We at Thegrideon Corporation ("Thegrideon Software") are constantly striving to provide an excellent service to you, our customers and business partners, while building a long-lasting relationship with you. To achieve these goals, we occasionally need information about you when you visit our site.When you visit our web sites, you might be providing information about your visit on two levels:Statistics collected as you browse our Web sites.Organizational and personal information you knowingly give us.Because Thegrideon Software respects your right to privacy, we want you to be aware of how we handle this information.Our Commitment to Your PrivacyThegrideon Software assures you that WE DO NOTProvide or sell the names and addresses of our customers [site users] to outside vendors.Thegrideon Software does: Safeguard customers' information from unauthorized access.Collect, maintain and use customer information as necessary to provide the most helpful and targeted products and services to meet customers' needs (e.g. customer care or new products or services).Honor customers' requests to remove their names from our telephone or mail solicitation lists in a timely manner.Maintain confidentiality of customer information when undertaking projects with other companies.Thegrideon Software has always valued your privacy, and we reinforce this belief throughout our organization. Your information will be protected as described unless the specific Web page says otherwise. If you have further questions about our privacy policy, please Contact UsInformation this Site Gathers/Tracks Statistics Collected as You Browse Our Web SitesAs you browse our Web sites, Thegrideon Software's Web servers collect information about your visit, not about you personally. Via Web server logs, we monitor statistics such as:
How many people visit our Web sites.Which pages people visit on our Web sites.From which domains our visitors come (e.g., "google.com" or "aol.com").Which browsers people use to visit our Web sites.While we gather this information, none of it is associated with you as an individual. We use these statistics to improve our Web sites, to monitor their performance, and to make it easier for you and other visitors to use.
Organizational and Personal Information You Knowingly Give Us Within our Web sites, you may be asked to give us personal or organizational information in order to purchase or receive information about a product or service. This information may range from your generic zip code, to your specific phone number, product serial numbers and control codes, account number, credit card number, e-mail address, organization URL, or mailing address.Use of the Information this Site Gathers/Tracks Your IP Address and Host NameThegrideon Software's Web sites log Host Names (or IP addresses when the Host Name is not available) for systems administration and security purposes. These logs are monitored and analyzed to maintain systems and information security and allow us to constantly improve the value and the availability of the Web content.Registration FormsWe encourage all visitors to register with Thegrideon Software, although registration is not required, except for access to our premium content areas. The registration forms require users to give us accurate contact information (like name and email address) and references that help us better serve you. Your name and email address may be used to send you information about our company, product updates, special offers, and newsletters. To opt out of receiving communications from Thegrideon Software, please Contact Us.Order Forms and Enrollment FormsOur order forms securely collect visitor's contact information and financial information (like your credit card number and other billing information). Contact information on the order form is used for order fulfillment and may be shared with our Partners or Resellers if that is necessary to fulfill your request. The information that we require in our order form is only used to process your order quickly and accurately. Your contact information will only be used to send you the product that you purchase and your billing information will only be used to bill you for that product. During the purchasing process, you may be given the opportunity to sign up for future e-mailings regarding our products, services, and promotions. If you sign up, Thegrideon Software will share your contact information with other Thegrideon Software partner companies only, not with other outside companies.You may also be given the option of registering a profile with Thegrideon Software which would store your name, purchase history, and billing information to make it easier for you to shop and purchase products/services from us in the future. You may opt out of this feature at any time by changing/canceling your profile online.Cookies
A cookie is a small, encrypted data string our server writes to your hard drive that contains your unique User ID. We use cookies to deliver Web content specific to your interests and to control access to restricted content. A cookie cannot be used to access or otherwise compromise the data on your hard drive. You can choose to change your browser settings to disable cookies if you do not want us to establish and maintain a unique User ID. Please be aware that cookies might be required to complete certain functions on our Web sites. Sharing of the Information this Site Gathers/TracksThe information you submit may be shared with third parties if it is necessary to complete your request, provide you with access to downloadable software, or as required by law.Information SecurityWe have security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of information under our control. When you place an order, the information is encrypted using the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol. Links to Other SitesOur Web sites contain links to other Web sites. Please be aware that our privacy policy does not apply to these other sites.Correcting/Update PolicyIf you would like to correct and/or update your information, please Contact Us. OversightIf you have comments or questions about our privacy policy, please Contact Us. We will address any issue to the best of our abilities.Changes to PolicyThegrideon Software will occasionally update this privacy policy. When we do, we will also revise the "last updated" date at the top of the privacy policy.
© 2003-2019 Thegrideon Software | Privacy | Terms of use.All trademarks are the property of their respective holders.