http://www.codejock.com/corporate/terms.asp
Welcome to Codejock Software (referred to as “Codejock Software”, “we”, “us”,
or “our” herein) Web site (the “Site”).
By accessing this Site, you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions below (the “Terms”). If you do not agree
to all of the Terms, please do not use the Site. Codejock Software may from time to time modify or revise the Terms by
updating this Web page. Your use of our Site following any such change constitutes your agreement to follow and be bound by
the Terms as changed. If any change is unacceptable to you, your only recourse is to terminate your use of the Site.
1. OWNERSHIP RIGHTS: This web site is owned and operated by Codejock Software. (All Materials herein are protected under
United States and international copyright laws and are the property of Codejock Software or its third party licensors. All rights
reserved.) As used in these Terms, “Materials” includes, but is not limited to, software, images, text, audio and all other
information, displayed, contained within, or accessible on the Site. No Materials may be copied, reproduced, modified,
displayed, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted, sold or distributed in any way, except that you may download one
copy of the Materials on any single computer for your personal, non-commercial use only, provided that you maintain in
such copy all copyright and other proprietary rights notices contained in the original Materials. No right, title or interest
in any downloaded Materials is transferred to you as a result of any such downloading or copying. You agree not to assist
others in any unauthorized reproduction, modification, display or distribution of the Materials. Unless expressly agreed to
by Codejock Software in writing, you may not create derivative works based on the Site or Materials contained therein, in whole or
in part. The use of any Materials on any other Web site or networked computer environment is prohibited.
2. IMAGES: All logos, page headers, images and graphics displayed on this Site are service marks, trademarks, and/or trade
dress (collectively, “Marks”) of Codejock Software or its third party licensors. Except as expressly permitted herein, using, copying,
transmitting, displaying, modifying or distributing any Marks in any form or by any means without the express written permission
of Codejock Software is prohibited and may violate the copyright, trademark, privacy or other laws of the United States and/or
other countries.
3. DOWNLOADABLE SOFTWARE: The use of any Codejock Software, or the Software of third parties, downloaded from the Site
shall be subject to the terms and conditions of the license provided with the Software. “Software” includes any files, images
incorporated in or generated by the software, and data accompanying the software. You may not download any Software from this
Site until you have read, and agreed to the terms and conditions of the license provided with the Software. Without limiting the
generality of the terms contained in any such license, you agree that you will not: (a) modify the Software (b) decompile, reverse
engineer, or disassemble the Software, (c) remove any copyright or other proprietary rights notices from the Software; or (d) use
the Software for any commercial purpose, or any public display, performance, sale or rental, except as expressly permitted by
Codejock Software in writing. Codejock Software retains all right, title and interest in and to the Software, including all
intellectual property rights therein. You download Software at your own risk and assume complete and exclusive responsibility for
any and all losses, damages and liabilities that may result from the use of Software downloaded from the Site.
4. USER COMMENTS: We appreciate your comments, remarks, feedback, suggestions, ideas and other submissions you disclose
or transmit to us (collectively, “Comments”). You grant Codejock Software and its affiliates a perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide,
royalty-free right and license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works of, distribute,
publicly perform and publicly display (in whole or in part) your Comments, your name and any related copyrights, moral rights or
other intellectual property rights.
5. USER FORUMS: Codejock Software may provide access to certain discussion groups through this Site as a service to you.
Discussion groups, by their nature, may contain offensive, harmful, deceptive, misleading, inaccurate or otherwise inappropriate
material, and you acknowledge and agree that Codejock Software shall not have any responsibility for the content of any discussion
group, or materials or articles contained therein, that may be accessed on or through this Site. You understand that Codejock Software
acts as a passive conduit for, and does not control, or attempt to control, any information, data, text, software, music, sound,
photographs, graphics, video, messages or other materials, that you, or any other user of the Site, uploads, posts or transmits to
or through the Site (the “User Content”). Codejock Software may, but is not obligated to, monitor or review the User Content and
retains the right to delete any User Content at any time. You acknowledge and agree that you are solely responsible for any User
Content that you upload, post or transmit to or through the Site, including, but not limited to, its legality, reliability, accuracy,
integrity, appropriateness and originality. In no event shall Codejock Software have any liability related to the User Content,
whether arising under the laws of copyright, libel, privacy, obscenity, or otherwise. You represent and warrant to Codejock Software
that you will not upload, post or otherwise transmit any User Content to or through the Site that infringes, misappropriates or
otherwise violates any copyright, trademark or other intellectual property right, right of privacy, right of publicity or any other
right of any entity or person; or that is unlawful, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene, scandalous, inflammatory pornographic,
or profane, or that could constitute or encourage conduct that would be considered a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability,
or otherwise violate any law or Codejock Software rule or policy.
You grant Codejock Software and its affiliates a perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide, royalty-free, non-exclusive right and license to
use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, publicly perform and publicly display
the User Content you upload, post or transmit to the Site (in whole or in part) and/or to incorporate it in other works in any form,
media, or technology now known or later developed. You also grant each user of this Site the right to access, display, view, and
reproduce such User Content for personal use. You represent and warrant to Codejock Software that you have the right to grant the
licenses stated above.
You acknowledge and agree that you may not upload, post, reproduce, or distribute any User Content on or through this Site that is
protected by copyright or other proprietary right of a third party, without obtaining permission of the owner of such right. Any
copyrighted or other proprietary content distributed with the consent of the owner must contain the appropriate copyright or other
proprietary rights notice. The unauthorized submission or distribution of copyrighted or other proprietary content is illegal and
could subject you to personal liability or criminal prosecution.
6. LINKS TO OTHER SITES: This Site may contain links to other web sites (“Linked Sites”) as a convenience to you. Codejock
Software does not operate or control any information, products or services on the Linked Sites, and neither endorses or approves any
products, services or information offered at Linked Sites. You acknowledge and agree that your access or use of any Linked Site is at
your own risk.
7. PRIVACY POLICY: It is our policy to respect the privacy of individuals who visit the Site or
provide Comments to us. Our privacy policy (the “Privacy Policy”), is incorporated herein by reference. By accepting these Terms, you
expressly consent to the use and disclosure of your personal information as described in the Privacy Policy.
8. INDEMNITY: You agree to defend, indemnify and hold Codejock Software, its affiliates and their officers, directors, agents
and employees harmless from and against any and all claims, losses, damages, liabilities, costs and expenses, including attorneys'
fees, arising from or related to your (a) User Content, (b) use of the Site, or (c) violation of any of these Terms.
9. WARRANTY DISCLAIMER: THE SITE AND ALL ELEMENTS THEREOF ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE,” WITHOUT REPRESENTATIONS
OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND. CODEJOCK SOFTWARE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL SUCH REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES, EITHER EXRESS OR IMPLIED,
INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. CODEJOCK
SOFTWARE DOES NOT WARRANT (A) THAT THIS SITE OR ITS CONTENTS WILL BE COMPLETE, UNINTERRUPTED, SECURE OR ERROR FREE, (B) THAT THE SITE
WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS, (C) THE QUALITY OF ANY PRODUCTS, SERVICES, INFORMATION, OR OTHER MATERIAL PURCHASED OR OBTAINED BY YOU
THROUGH THE SITE OR (D) THAT THE SITE OR THE SERVER THAT MAKES IT AVAILABLE ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. ALL
INFORMATION ACCESSED ON OR THROUGH THIS SITE IS SUBJECT TO CHANGE WITHOUT NOTICE.
10. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY: IN NO EVENT SHALL CODEJOCK SOFTWARE, ITS LICENSORS, OR ANYONE ELSE WHO HELPED CREATE, PRODUCE
OR DELIVER THIS SITE, BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION,
LOST PROFITS OR LOST DATA) ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THIS SITE, WHETHER IN AN ACTION UNDER CONTRACT,
TORT OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, EVEN IF CODEJOCK SOFTWARE HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. CODEJOCK SOFTWARE'S
TOTAL LIABILITY FOR ALL CLAIMS ARISING FROM OR RELATING TO THESE TERMS OR USE OF THIS SITE SHALL NOT EXCEED ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS (US$100).
SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES. ACCORDINGLY, SOME
OF THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
11. JURISDICTION AND APPLICABLE LAWS: This site is administered by Codejock Software from its home offices in Morrice,
Michigan, U.S.A. Unless otherwise specified, the Materials are presented solely for the purpose of promoting Codejock Software and
its products within the United States, its territories, possessions and protectorates. Codejock Software makes no representation or
warranty that the Software or the Materials are appropriate or available for use in territories outside of the United States. Access,
downloading or use of such Software and Materials in territories where such Software or Materials are illegal is prohibited. You agree
to comply with all laws, rules and regulations applicable to your downloading or use of the Software and Materials available on or
through this Site, including, but not limited to, all United States export control laws, rules and regulations. Without limiting the
generality of the foregoing, no Software or Materials may be downloaded or exported into (or to a national or resident of) Cuba,
Iraq, Libya, North Korea, Iran, Syria, or any other country to which the United States has embargoed goods; or anyone on the United
States Treasury Department's list of Specially Designated Nationals or the U.S. Commerce Department's Table of Deny Orders. Codejock
Software does not authorize the transfer, by any means, of any Software, Materials or technical data from this Site to any jurisdiction
prohibited by the United States export laws. You may not use, export or re-export the Software or Materials, or any copy or adaptation
thereof, in violation of any applicable laws or regulations, including without limitation United States export laws and regulations.
If you choose to access this Site from outside the United States, you do so on your own initiative and are solely responsible for any
liability arising therefrom. These Terms will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Michigan,
without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of laws. You and Codejock Software each agree to submit to the personal and exclusive
jurisdiction of the courts located within Shiawassee County, Michigan, U.S.A.
12. GOVERNMENT RESTRICTED RIGHTS: The software which may be downloaded, acquired or accessed from this Site is a “commercial item,”
as that term is defined at 48 C.F.R. 2.101 (OCT 1995), consisting of “commercial computer software” and “commercial computer software documentation,”
as such terms are used in 48 C.F.R. 12.212 (SEPT 1995). Consistent with 48 C.F.R. 12.212 and 48 C.F.R. 227.7201-1 through 227.7201-4 (JUNE 1995),
the software is provided to U.S. Government end users with only those rights as are granted to all other end users pursuant to the terms and
conditions set forth in Codejock Software's standard end user license agreement accompanying the software. Further, to the extent that any
“technical data”, as that term is used in 48 C.F.R. 12.211, is provided in connection with any Materials or software downloaded, acquired or
accessed through the Site, the government shall acquire only the technical data and the rights in that data customarily provided to the public
with a commercial item or process.
13. TERMINATION: You agree that Codejock Software, in its sole discretion, may suspend or terminate its operation of the Site or your
use of the Site (or any portions thereof), and may remove and discard any User Content, Software or Materials within the Site, for any reason.
In the event you fail to comply with the Terms , your right to use the Site will automatically terminate. Upon any termination of the Site,
or your use of the Site, you agree to immediately and completely destroy all copies of any Software of Materials downloaded form the Site.
You agree that Codejock Software shall not be liable to you or any third-party for any termination of the Site, your access to the Site or
any removal of any User Content from the Site.
14. GENERAL: These Terms constitute the entire agreement between you and Codejock Software and supercede and replace any prior
agreements, whether written or oral, between you and Codejock Software related to the subject matter herein. The failure of Codejock Software
to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. If any provision of the
Terms is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, the parties nevertheless agree that the court should endeavor to give effect
to the parties' intentions as reflected in the provision, and all other provisions of the Terms shall remain in full force and effect. You
agree that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, you must file any claim or cause of action arising out of or related to use of
the Site or otherwise arising out of or related to these Terms within one (1) year after such claim or cause of action arose. The section
titles in these Terms are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect.
15. CONTACT CODEJOCK SOFTWARE LEGAL DEPARTMENT: For further information on the Terms, the Site, or any other Web site owned and operated
by Codejock Software, please contact Codejock Software Legal Department at:
Codejock Software
205 N. Hintz Rd
Owosso, Michigan 48867
United States
Copyright Statement
This site and the contents of this site, including but not limited to, text, photographs, graphics, illustrations, video, sound, software and
other material (all such contents collectively referred to as “Content”) are protected under United States and international copyright laws and
are the property of Codejock Software or its third party licensors. All rights reserved. Except as expressly permitted herein, copying,
distributing, transmitting, displaying, modifying, or otherwise using any Content in any form or by any means without the express written permission
of Codejock Software is prohibited and may violate the copyright laws of the United States and/or other countries. You may view, copy, print,
and distribute this Web site subject to the following conditions: . (a) the site may be used for informational purposes only; (b) the site may
only be used for non-commercial, non-profit purposes and (c) any copy of this Web site, or portion thereof, must include the following copyright
notice: Copyright © 2020,
Codejock Software, 205 N. Hintz Rd, Owosso, Michigan 48867 United States
, All rights reserved.
Note that Codejock Software retains all right, title and interest in and to all software, products, processes and technologies described or
made available on this Web site, and all intellectual property Rights related thereto, and nothing shall be deemed to grant you any ownership
or other rights therein.
RESTRICTED RIGHTS LEGEND
Use, duplication, or disclosure by the United States Government is subject to the restrictions set forth in DFARS 252.227-7013 (C)(1)(ii) and
FAR 52.227-19.
Quick Links
About Us
What's New
Awards and Reviews
Our Customers
Case Studies
Testimonials
Media Kit
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Release Date Policy
Contact Us
Contact Sales
Call center available M-F 9:00 - 4:00 US Eastern Time.(989) 472-4761 (option 1)
Case Studies
Datasoft Solutions selected Toolkit Pro with Visual C++ over many...