http://www.epic.org/privacy/telemarketing/tcpacomm7.29.05.html
Rules and Regulations Implementing the Telephone Consumer Protection Act
of 1991
Docket Nos. CG 02-278, DA 05-1346,DA 05-1347, DA 04-3185, DA 04-3187, DA
04-3835, DA 04-3836, DA 04-3837, DA 05-342 Comments of the Electronic Privacy Information Center,
Junkbusters, Consumer Action, National Consumers League, PrivacyRightsNow
Coalition, Privacy Rights Clearinghouse, World Privacy Forum, PrivacyActivism,
Privacy Journal, Consumer Federation of America, Commercial Alert, and the
National Consumer Law Center
July 29, 2005
Pursuant to the notice published by the Federal Communications Commission
(Commission) on June 29, 2005 regarding the notice of proposed rulemaking
and the petition for declaratory ruling on the Rules and Regulations Implementing
the Telephone Consumer Protection Act of 1991 (TCPA), the Electronic Privacy
Information Center, Junkbusters, Consumer Action, National Consumers League,
PrivacyRightsNow Coalition, Privacy Rights Clearinghouse, World Privacy Forum,
PrivacyActivism, Privacy Journal, Consumer Federation of America, Commercial
Alert, and the National Consumer Law Center submit the following comments.1
I. Introduction
The Commission should deny the Joint Petitioners' request to preempt state
anti-telemarketing laws. Petitioners have not met the burden of showing that
Congress acted with a "clear and manifest purpose"2
to preempt state laws. In fact, Congress had no such intent in passing the
TCPA. Instead, Congress has repeatedly passed up the opportunity to explicitly
preempt state anti-telemarketing laws. The TCPA sets a uniform floor of protections
that all Americans enjoy, which may be supplemented by stronger state laws.
State anti-telemarketing laws should be preserved. These laws were enacted
by state legislators, employing the state police power to protect individuals
from abusive calling practices. These laws represent innovation in addressing
quickly-evolving business practices and recognize regional needs that may
not rise to the attention of federal regulators.
Americans owe the highly successful Telemarketing Do-Not-Call Registry to
such state innovation. The Do-Not-Call Registry is just of many consumer privacy
protections that have been developed by state legislatures and later adopted
at the federal level by Congress or an administrative agency. Consumers will
continue to be served best by a dual regulation system that allows state responses
to marketing practices.
II. In Passing the TCPA, Congress Did Not Demonstrate an Intent to Preempt
State Laws
A. In order to supersede the state laws at issue, Petitioners must demonstrate
a "clear and manifest" intent by Congress to preempt state laws
Petitioners have not met the burden of establishing a "clear and manifest"3
congressional intent to preempt state anti-telemarketing laws. While Congress
may preempt state law either explicitly or implicitly,4
it has done neither in the TCPA.
1. State regulation of interstate telemarketing is not expressly preempted
by the TCPA
The TCPA does not expressly preempt state anti-telemarketing laws. While it
specifically preserves state authority over intrastate telemarketing,5
it is silent on preemption of state regulation of interstate telemarketing.
Because the statute does not contain clear language preventing states from
regulating interstate telemarketing calls, state regulation of such calls
is not explicitly preempted.
2. State regulation of interstate telemarketing is not implicitly preempted
by the TCPA
While Congress may also preempt state law implicitly, it has not done so in
the TCPA. The Supreme Court has held:
In the absence of an express statement by Congress that state law is pre-empted,
there are two other bases for finding pre-emption. First, when Congress intends
that a federal law occupy a given field, state law in that field is pre-empted.
Second, even if Congress has not occupied the field, state law is nevertheless
pre-empted to the extent it actually conflicts with federal law, that is,
when compliance with both state and federal law is impossible, or when the
state law stands as an obstacle to the accomplishment and execution of the
full purposes and objectives of Congress.6
Neither of these forms of preemption, "field" or "conflict,"
justifies invalidation of the state anti-telemarketing laws at issue.
a. Congress did not intend to prohibit the states from regulating in the
field of telemarketing
By enacting the TCPA, Congress did not intend to prohibit state regulation
in the field of telemarketing. To determine whether Congress has preempted
the states from regulating within the field covered by the legislation, "[t]he
[] inquiry is whether Congress, pursuant to its power to regulate commerce
… has prohibited state regulation of the particular aspects of commerce
involved in [the] case."7
If the field that Congress is said to have preempted is one that has traditionally
been occupied by the states, it is presumed that "the historic police
powers of the States were not to be superseded by the Federal Act unless that
was the clear and manifest purpose of Congress."8
Petitioners erroneously contend that the Commission has exclusive authority
over interstate telemarketing. Petitioners start from the premise that the
Communications Act of 1934 granted the Commission jurisdiction over "all
interstate and foreign communication by wire or radio" and over "all
persons engaged … in such communication."9
However, though the Commission has jurisdiction over all interstate communication,
it does not follow that the Commission has jurisdiction over all interstate
telemarketing. Telemarketing cannot be classified as communication
alone; there is an overwhelming element of advertising or solicitation. The
telephone is merely a vehicle for delivering advertising to consumers. Because
businesses use the telephone to solicit sales, the interest in consumer protection,
an interest long protected by the states, is triggered. Petitioners' argument
that Congress considers telemarketing regulation to be "a species of
telecommunications regulation,"10
is unfounded. Petitioners' justifications for this argument are that, in enacting
the TCPA, Congress (1) placed the provisions regulating telemarketing in Title
II of the Communications Act and (2) amended section 2(b) of the Communications
Act to give the Commission jurisdiction over both interstate and intrastate
telemarketing calls.11
Neither of these justifications provides evidence that Congress considers
telemarketing to be classified solely, or otherwise, as communication.
Indeed, the telemarketing industry has attempted to make analogous arguments
regarding the FTC’s authority to regulate telemarketing, but failed.12
The court found that the fact that the FCC has jurisdiction to regulate predictive
dialers does not mean that the FTC lacks jurisdiction to regulate in the same
area because “We live in an ‘era of overlapping agency jurisdiction
under different statutory mandates.’”13
The court found that Congress gave the FTC express authority to regulate abusive
and deceptive telemarketing fraud.14
Because telemarketing implicates consumer protection, an area long regulated
by the states,15
the Commission must begin with the assumption that state laws regulating telemarketing
were not to be preempted, unless Congress clearly intended preemption.16
There is no evidence of congressional intent to prohibit state laws regulating
telemarketing.
The Eighth Circuit found the TCPA savings clause that expressly preserves
more restrictive state telemarketing laws “makes it clear that Congress
did not intend to “occupy the field of [automatic dialing-announcing
devices] regulation.”17
State laws regulating interstate telemarketing do not conflict with the
federal TCPA
State laws regulating interstate telemarketing do not conflict with the TCPA.
The Supreme Court has stated that "[c]ongressional enactments that do
not exclude all state legislation in the same field nevertheless override
state laws with which they conflict."18
Such conflict preemption requires either a finding that compliance with both
the federal and state law is impossible or a finding that the state law is
an obstacle to the accomplishment of congressional objectives.19
Compliance with both state and federal law is not impossible
Compliance with state anti-telemarketing laws does not make it impossible
for telemarketers to comply with the federal TCPA. Any additional cost or
preparation that is necessary prior to calling residents of a given state
does not interfere with a business' compliance with the more lenient TCPA.
There is "nothing in the [statutes at issue] that creates a situation
in which an individual cannot comply with a [state] statute without violating
[the federal statute]."20
In general, telemarketers need only comply with state anti-telemarketing laws,
which do not contradict the TCPA or its implementing regulations, in order
to act in accordance with both state and federal law. In fact, Joint Petitioners
and other telemarketers have lived under a dual federal-state regulatory scheme
for fifteen years. This is clear evidence that compliance with both state
and federal law is not impossible. Further, as demonstrated infra,
the sophisticated calling technology used today by telemarketers makes compliance
with varying state laws easier now than ever.
State laws regulating interstate telemarketing do not stand as obstacles
to accomplishing the congressional objectives set forth in the TCPA
State laws regulating interstate telemarketing are not obstacles to the accomplishment
of the objectives of Congress as set forth in the TCPA. The fact that a state
law may differ in certain technical regards with the TCPA does not lead to
the conclusion that state laws are in conflict with the federal law. The Supreme
Court has stated that the "task is to determine whether, under the circumstances
of this particular case, the State's law stands as an obstacle to the accomplishment
and execution of the full purposes and objectives of Congress."21
The purposes of the state anti-telemarketing laws and the federal TCPA are
the same – to protect consumers against an invasion of privacy.
Congressional intent is the critical factor in preemption analysis.22
In interpreting a preemption clause, a court "must give effect to [its]
plain language unless there is good reason to believe Congress intended the
language to have some more restrictive meaning."23
Though Congress did not explicitly state a purpose or an objective in the
TCPA, a number of congressional findings led to the passage of and were included
in the TCPA. Congress found:
(5) Unrestricted telemarketing … can be an intrusive invasion of privacy
…
…
(7) Over half the States now have statutes restricting various uses of the
telephone for marketing, but telemarketers can evade their prohibitions through
interstate operations; therefore, Federal law is needed to control residential
telemarketing practices.
…
(9) Individuals' privacy rights, public safety interests, and commercial freedoms
of speech and trade must be balanced in a way that protects the privacy of
individuals and permits legitimate telemarketing practices.
(10) Evidence compiled by the Congress indicates that residential telephone
subscribers consider automated or prerecorded telephone calls, regardless
of the content or the initiator of the message, to be a nuisance and an invasion
of privacy.
…
(12) Banning such automated or prerecorded telephone calls to the home, except
when the receiving party consents to receiving the call or when such calls
are necessary in an emergency situation affecting the health and safety of
the consumer, is the only effective means of protecting telephone consumers
from this nuisance and privacy invasion.24
Congress' findings clearly emphasize the need to protect consumers from an
invasion of their privacy. Because the TCPA was passed to address this significant
need, protecting consumers' privacy was the clear purpose of the statute.
Nowhere in its findings does Congress recognize the need to create "uniform
national standards," as argued by Joint Petitioners.25
Petitioners' assertion that Congress' principal objectives in enacting the
TCPA were "to establish uniform national standards that balance the concerns
of consumers with the legitimate interests of telemarketers"26
is erroneous. First, Congress demonstrated no intent to establish uniform
standards. The word "uniform" does not appear either in the congressional
findings or the text of the TCPA. The word "national" appears only
as related to the permission granted to the Commission to establish a national
Do-Not-Call Registry. Second, Congress was less concerned about the legitimate
practices of telemarketers than it was about the privacy interests of consumers.
In only one of fifteen findings does Congress mention the need to "permit
legitimate telemarketing practices."27
In contrast, Congress emphasizes the need to protect consumers' right to privacy
in nine of the findings.28
More importantly, Congress asserts that
[b]anning such automated or prerecorded telephone calls to the home,
except when the receiving party consents to receiving the call or when such
calls are necessary in an emergency situation affecting the health and safety
of the consumer, is the only effective means of protecting telephone
consumers from this nuisance and privacy invasion.29
This language clearly indicates that automated and prerecorded telephone calls
are not allowed unless the consumer consents or the call is necessary in an
emergency. Clearly Congress does not consider automated or prerecorded calls
made without consent to be among the legitimate telemarketing practices to
be permitted.
Courts in several jurisdictions have concluded, after thorough analysis of
the legislation, that the purpose of the TCPA was to protect consumer privacy.30
In addition, the Eighth Circuit has confirmed the lack of congressional intent
to preempt state laws. In Van Bergen v. State of Minnesota,31
the Eighth Circuit Court of Appeals decidedly ruled out preemption of state
law under the TCPA. It emphasized, "If Congress intended to preempt other
state laws, that intent could easily have been expressed as part of the same
provision."32
This is especially persuasive because more than twenty-five states had anti-telemarketing
laws at the time the TCPA was enacted.33
Congress, being aware of the existence state anti-telemarketing laws, would
have preempted such laws if that had been its intent. Congressional finding
(7), above – "Over half the States now have statutes restricting
various uses of the telephone for marketing, but telemarketers can evade their
prohibitions through interstate operations; therefore, Federal law is needed
to control residential telemarketing practices" – recognizes these
state anti-telemarketing laws. Moreover, this finding contemplates that federal
law will work alongside state law to make the state laws more meaningful and
effective. Indeed, the Van Bergen court found that "[t]his finding
suggests that the TCPA was intended not to supplant state law, but to provide
interstitial law preventing evasion of state law by calling across state lines."34
Furthermore, if Congress had intended to create a "uniform" regulatory
scheme, it would not have expressly precluded preemption of state regulation
in one area of telemarketing – intrastate telemarketing.
Because state laws regulating interstate telemarketing and the TCPA share
the same purpose – protecting consumers from an invasion of privacy –
the state laws do not stand as obstacles to the accomplishment of congressional
objectives.
B. Petitioners cannot overcome the strong legal presumption against preemption
of state law
1. Petitioners have not overcome the strong legal presumption against preemption
of state law
The Supreme Court has repeatedly emphasized the strong legal presumption against
preemption of state law.35
Because petitioners have not been able to rebut this presumption, the Commission
should not invalidate the state laws at issue. The Supreme Court has cited
"the oft-repeated rule that the State, in the absence of express action
by Congress, may regulate many matters which indirectly affect interstate
commerce, but which are for the comfort and convenience of its citizens."36
The Court has further stated that "[o]f the existence of such a rule
there can be no question. It is settled and illustrated by many cases."37
In addition, the Court has emphasized that "interstate commerce in its
practical conduct has many incidents having varying degrees of connection
with it and effect upon it over which the State may have some power."38
2. The presumption against preemption is especially strong in this case, because
Petitioners seek to invalidate laws related to the historical state police
power
The presumption against preemption of state law is especially strong as related
to the state police power, an area traditionally regulated by the states.39
The Supreme Court has held that where "the field which Congress is said
to have pre-empted has been traditionally occupied by the states, we start
with the assumption that the historic police powers of the States were not
to be superseded by the Federal Act unless that was the clear and manifest
purpose of Congress."40
Consumer protection is part of the state police power,41
and thus it enjoys the heightened presumption against preemption of state
law. The Supreme Court has stated, "Given the long history of state common-law
and statutory remedies against monopolies and unfair business practices, it
is plain that this is an area traditionally regulated by the States."42
C. The Commission must interpret the TCPA in a reasonable manner; it is
unreasonable to read preemption of state anti-telemarketing laws into the
TCPA
The Commission must interpret the TCPA in a reasonable manner. The Commission's
interpretation of the statute is governed by Chevron v. Natural
Resources Defense Council.43
Under Chevron, if Congress' intent is clear from the statute, the Commission
must follow the expressed intent of Congress. If, however, the statute is
silent or ambiguous with respect to the issue at hand, the agency must interpret
the statute in a reasonable manner. At best, the TCPA preemption provision
is ambiguous as to whether state regulation of interstate telemarketing is
permitted.
The Commission has acknowledged that the preemption provision of the TCPA
is at most ambiguous as to whether the Commission is prohibited from preempting
state laws that regulate both intrastate and interstate calls.44
Further, the Commission has recognized that the provision is silent on the
issue of whether a state law that imposes more restrictive regulations on
interstate telemarketing calls may be preempted.45
The Commission has nevertheless indicated that "more restrictive efforts
to regulate interstate calling would almost certainly conflict with [its]
rules."46 However,
the primary justification given for this assertion is that the Commission
believes it was the "clear intent" of Congress to "promote
a uniform regulatory scheme under which telemarketers would not be subject
to multiple, conflicting regulations."47
Again, there is no mention of such a scheme in the text of the TCPA, nor does
the statute even use the word "uniform." The authority cited by
the Commission for this "clear intent" is a single remark of one
member of Congress, Senator Larry Pressler, on the floor of the Senate.48
However, read in context, the statement made by Senator Pressler during discussion
of the TCPA – "The Federal Government needs to act now on uniform
legislation to protect consumers" – merely summarizes the message
of the testimony that was received by the Senate Commerce, Science, and Transportation
Committee on S. 1410, an anti-telemarketing bill introduced by Pressler but
never enacted.49
Further, Pressler's next comments were, "The primary purpose of [the
TCPA] is to develop the necessary ground rules for cost-effective protection
of consumers from unwanted telephone solicitations."50
The emphasis of Senator Pressler's remarks is clearly on the protection of
consumers' privacy rights. Pressler makes no further comment on what "uniform
legislation" would entail, and whether the notion even relates to the
balance of power between the Commission and the states. The Commission's assertion
of Congress' interest in "uniformity" is not supported by the legislative
history of the TCPA. Basing this assertion on the remarks of a single Senator
is not persuasive; reading the remarks in context reveals that this authority
is even less persuasive.
Others have proposed that any call for uniformity does not relate to the allocation
of jurisdiction between federal and state governments, but instead relates
to a congressional mandate that the Commission and another federal agency,
the Federal Trade Commission, coordinate their efforts and design one federal
Do-Not-Call Registry.51
Furthermore, in the Commission's own interpretation of the TCPA, the Commission
has indicated that the objective of the TCPA is "to address a growing
number of telephone marketing calls and certain telemarketing practices thought
to be an invasion of consumer privacy and even a risk to public safety."52
The Commission may act only as authorized by Congress, and it must interpret
Congress' actions in a reasonable manner. It would be unreasonable and outside
the Commission's authority to read into the TCPA a broad intent to preempt
state law.53
III. State Laws Regulating Interstate Telemarketing Calls Should Not Be
Preempted by Federal Law
Not only are state anti-telemarketing laws not prohibited by the TCPA as a
legal matter, as a policy matter, such laws should not be preempted.
A. Telemarketing companies are deliberately and knowingly targeting out-of-state
residents
Telemarketers are both deliberately and knowingly using marketing techniques
that target out-of-state residents. In targeting residents of other states,
they must comply with consumer protection laws in the call recipient's state.
Telemarketers should be held to the same standards that apply to other direct
marketers. When a company engages in other forms of direct marketing, such
as catalog sales, it is required to comply with all applicable state laws,
including differing state sales taxes, product labeling requirements, and
product bans. Telemarketers should have to comply in similar ways.
B. Consumers are best served when both state and federal officials can
work to protect them against unlawful business practices
Consumers are best protected against unlawful business practices by a
combination of federal and state laws. The federal government simply cannot
accommodate the diverse interests and needs that are served by state consumer
protection laws. For instance, in July 2005, DMNews54
reported on a telemarketing ban implemented by Louisiana in response to a
storm.55 In that
State, an emergency powers law permits the government to temporarily suspend
telemarketing operations during an emergency. This type of state response
to a public emergency cannot practicably be performed by the federal government.
The value of state law and the limits of federal power to respond to such
emergencies are clear.
C. The traditional role of the states in regulating privacy should be preserved
States have a traditional role in regulating privacy that should be preserved.
There is a presumption in American law that state and local governments are
primarily responsible for matters of health and safety.56
Privacy is included in the category of health and safety issues, as an area
of regulation historically left to the states.57
Further, the Commission has recognized that "states have a long history
of regulating telemarketing practices."58
D. Historically, most privacy law allows states to provide greater protections
Federal consumer protection and privacy laws, as a general matter, operate
as regulatory baselines and do not prevent states from enacting and enforcing
stronger state statutes. The Electronic Communications Privacy Act,59 the Right to Financial Privacy Act,60
the Cable Communications Privacy Act,61
the Video Privacy Protection Act,62
the Employee Polygraph Protection Act,63
the Driver's Privacy Protection Act,64
the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act,65
the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act,66
and portions of the Fair Credit Reporting Act67
all allow states to craft protections that exceed federal law. In each of
the areas regulated by the above-referenced privacy laws, business has continued
to flourish in states that have enacted privacy protections that are stronger
than the federal law.
E. Permitting state anti-telemarketing laws promotes regulatory innovation
and experimentation
Permitting states to regulate interstate telemarketing will continue to promote
regulatory innovation and experimentation. As Justice Brandeis once remarked,
"It is one of the happy incidents of the federal system that a single
courageous state may, if its citizens choose, serve as a laboratory; and try
novel social and economic experiments without risk to the rest of the country."68
States enjoy a unique perspective that allows them to craft innovative programs
to protect consumers. State legislators are closer to their constituents and
the entities they regulate. They are the first to see trends and problems,
and are well-suited to address new challenges and opportunities that arise
from evolving technologies and business practices. State-level policy experimentation
fosters the development of best practices.
Federal preemption can dilute more vigorous protections and policy debates
that occur at the state level. In a detailed study of caller ID policy approaches,
Roopali Mukherjee and Rohan Samarajiva found that the Commission's position
was much weaker than those developed by the states:
...the FCC's rules deviated from the dominant trend state
by state PUCs. Moreover, the FCC's rules pre-empted stronger protections effective
in 37 states by that time...
...It appears that the FCC was effectively insulated from
the emulation and learning processes at work at the state level...The FCC's
record on telecommunications privacy issues is minimal. Outflow [of personal
information] concerns, in particular, have received little or no attention.
Where privacy concerns have been raised, the FCC has consistently overridden
them with concerns regarding competition. Decisions on Customer proprietary
Network Information (CPNI) and Automatic Number Identification (ANI) exemplify
the FCC's stance...
...while the majority of state regulators moved to higher-privacy
solutions by 1994, the FCC stayed with per-call blocking. This suggests that
emulation and learning did not take place at the federal level. FCC Commissioners
and staff were unlikely to have been heavily involved in policy networks in
which state regulators participated quite vigorously. In the absence of learning
from state-level networks, the FCC remained unconvinced about outflow concerns,
and thereby with higher-privacy solutions. 69
An entire appendix to the 1977 report of the Privacy Protection Study
Commission70 entitled
Personal Privacy in an Information Society71
was devoted to "Privacy Law in the States." This portion of the
report speaks strongly to the value of state privacy protection:
Through constitutional, statutory, and common law protections, and through
independent studies, the 50 States have taken steps to protect the privacy
interests of individuals in many different types of records that others maintain
about them. More often than not, actions taken by State legislatures, and
by State courts, have been more innovative and far reaching than similar actions
at the Federal level … the states have also shown an acute appreciation
of the need to balance privacy interests against other social values.72
The report emphasized "the central role the States can play as protectors
of personal privacy, and more broadly, individual liberty"73:
"The States have demonstrated that they can, and do, provide conditions
for experiments that preserve and enhance the interests of the individual
in our technological, information-dependent society."74
State laws are often later adopted at the federal level. Indeed, states have
taken the lead in developing and enforcing legislative safeguards for consumer
protection and privacy. At least thirty-six states had passed do-not-call
statutes prior to implementation of the federal Do-Not-Call Registry in 2003.75
The Joint Petitioners' proposal is contrary to the core principles of our
federalist system. Preemption of state anti-telemarketing laws would inhibit
the development of best practices by individual states and significantly undermine
the country's traditional structure of consumer protection.
F. State legislators and law enforcers are more accountable to the public
interest
State and local governments are more accountable than the federal government
to their constituents. As a result, it is likely that stronger protections
will emerge from state and local legislatures, and that more vigorous enforcement
will be pursued by state actors. In addition, the Commission has limited resources
for enforcement; states should share this responsibility. In fact, the Commission
has recognized that "it is critical to combine the resources and expertise
of the state and federal governments to ensure compliance with the national
do-not-call rules."76
With limited enforcement, consumer protection and privacy laws will have little
effect.
G. Businesses are not put at a disadvantage by having to comply with differing
state laws
Telemarketing companies are not put at a disadvantage by having to comply
with differing state laws. Especially in the financial services and credit
reporting areas, many businesses have argued that a national ceiling of laws
is needed in order to prevent "balkanization" or a "patchwork"
of state laws.77
As the National Association of Attorneys General Privacy Subcommittee has
observed,
Many businesses … argue the importance of a single, federal standard
by citing the need for uniformity. They assert that a 'patchwork' of state
laws will make compliance costly and may stifle the development of markets
both on and offline. In fact, businesses have long accommodated themselves
to a range of state consumer protection statutes while maintaining a profitable
enterprise. Courts have, for years, engaged in a process of reconciling potentially
or actually conflicting laws through application of established legal principles
to various factual situations. Such a tailored response is especially appropriate
with respect to evolving technologies and new applications of those technologies.
This flexible approach accommodates the needs of both businesses and consumers,
while preserving state sovereignty in an area where states have traditionally
had a significant role.78
There is nothing that differentiates businesses that engage in telemarketing
from other industries that operate at the national level with varying state
laws. For instance, the insurance industry is not regulated at the federal
level and is subject to varying legal requirements in the states. Yet the
insurance industry has thrived under this system of regulation.
One of the main goals of this campaign to preempt state laws is to override
state laws that prevent telemarketers from employing the established business
relationship exception. This exception allows businesses to call their current
customers up to 18 months after providing a product or service to the customer.
Any marketing barriers created by state laws apply equally to those with and
without an existing business relationship with registered telephone subscribers.
Just because a consumer has purchased goods or services from a business in
the past, does not mean that the consumer wishes to hear from that business
again through telemarketing. In fact, by registering for the national Do-Not-Call
Registry, many consumers have expressly indicated that they do not wish to
hear from such businesses. In addition, there are many other means for businesses
to contact customers with whom they have an established relationship, such
as direct mail and communication with customers at its place of business,
including in-store displays.79
The benefit to a consumer of not receiving telemarketing calls far outweighs
the cost to businesses that would like to engage in such telemarketing. Petitioners
have not demonstrated that state anti-telemarketing laws have been an inconvenience
to the legitimate operations of the direct marketing industry.
H. Modern profiling technology demonstrates that compliance with the laws
of multiple jurisdictions is possible
1. Petitioners have not demonstrated that the dual federal-state regulatory
system, which has worked successfully for almost fifteen years, is in need
of change
Petitioners have not successfully made the case that preemption is now needed.
Though Petitioners argue that compliance with differing state laws is too
burdensome, they have lived under this dual federal-state regulatory system
for fifteen years. If this system were really so burdensome, the telemarketing
industry would have, and should have, objected to the system long ago.
The dual regulatory system has been successful for over a decade. Telemarketing
rose in prominence and had to be curtailed by regulation not because of complexity
in compliance, but rather because of overzealous practices that made necessary
the Telemarketing Do-Not-Call Registry and restrictions on autodialers. The
Petitioners' arguments, viewed in context of almost fifteen years of compliance
with varying state laws, appear to be motivated more by political opportunity
than legal impossibility.
2. New technologies make compliance with state laws easier now than in any
time in history
New technologies make it easier for telemarketers today to comply with differing
state laws. Interstate commerce did not begin with the Internet. Businesses
have long had to comply with varying state laws as a condition of doing business
within a state. And today, with sophisticated location technology and consumer
profiling, the direct marketing industry is better equipped than ever to comply
with varying state laws. The need for uniformity is an overvalued idea that
does not account for the industry's ability to treat different people differently
– at least when there is a profit motive involved.
The same technologies that have enabled customer profiling and segmentation
could enable compliance with different state laws. Direct marketers speak
breathlessly about their ability to "segment" the public, that is,
to treat different people differently. These companies will go to great lengths
to divide people into different groups and pitch varying advertising messages
to them. For instance, commercial data broker Acxiom released a new customer
profiling system in June 2005. As it was described: "Personicx ANSWERS
gives users more immediate access to data for marketing planning and analysis.
Personicx places each U.S. household in one of 70 segments, or clusters, and
21 life-stage groups based on behavior and demographic characteristics."80
In addition, Claritas' PRIZM system has been used to profile American consumers
for decades, and currently consists of a "62-cluster version of PRIZM
and the 95-atom MicroVision system at the ZIP+4 level."81
These two companies categorize individuals on issues much more nuanced than
the state in which they live – these categories concern lifestyle, income,
and personal attitudes.
Direct marketers' own advertising literature shows that the industry can even
categorize people at the zip code level. In a brochure discussing the segmentation
ability of data broker Claritas, the company demonstrates how it can easily
identify "young urban professionals" across three jurisdictions.82
The brochure shows an analysis performed at the zip code level of "Young
Influentials," a group that reflects "the fading glow of acquisitive
yuppiedom."
"
Claritas' systems can locate yuppie "concentration[s] in the inner-ring
suburbs of Prince George[']s County, MD, and Northern Virginia." If Claritas
can discriminate on this level based on so many factors, direct marketers
should be called upon to explain why this same technology cannot enable compliance
with state law.83
In addition, a simple search on Petitioner American Teleservices Association's
(ATA) supplier page returns a variety of companies that specialize in compliance
with the very laws that ATA claims are so burdensome.84
For instance, Call Compliance, Inc. advertises that its "multi-award-winning
TeleBlock® Do-Not-Call Blocking System is the first and only blocking
product that automatically screens and blocks outbound calls in real-time
against federal, state, wireless, third party and in-house Do-Not-Call lists."85
In fact, next to the ATA's talking points that urge telemarketers to contact
the Commission in support of preemption, the organization advertises a regulatory
guide to comply with state laws.86
The advertisement, an "animated gif," reads:
"ATA American Teleservices Association REGULATORY GUIDE
"DO-NOT-CALL made simple
"All State & Federal Rules Online
"Includes Email Alerts
"Click here for more information"
This regulatory guide proclaims that it makes compliance with state laws simple.87
It is a:
one-stop, online source…[that has an]…easy-to-follow menu-driven
format [that] allows you to click on a pertinent issue, pertinent text from
the statute or regulation itself...essential when assessing the finer points
of a problem…. Most guides are industry or state specific, with none
providing a complete picture of the constantly changing regulations governing
the entire telemarketing industry. With many companies operating regionally,
across several states or nationally, the guide is an invaluable work-saver.
You'll no longer have to waste valuable calling time jumping to, or searching
for, different sites or publications to ensure that all rules are being adhered
to when calling into a new area.88
Similarly, on Petitioner Direct Marketing Association's supplier page, one
can find dozens of companies specializing in telemarketing services.89
One, Creative Compliance, Inc., even includes on its web site a case study
in which the company brought a 2,000-location telemarketing enterprise into
compliance with federal and state laws.90
From a technical perspective, coding in different time of call, established
business relationship, or permission to continue laws is trivial. Markers
can be placed in the database to highlight individuals who reside in states
with stricter telemarketing laws, and telemarketers could be instructed not
to call, or to call these individuals at specific times or in compliance with
specific rules.
In the past, telemarketing groups bemoaned many aspects of the Telemarketing
Sales Rule (TSR) changes, complaining that compliance with mandates, such
as the 3% abandoned call rate, was impossible. However, while they complained,
other companies were advertising compliance systems in direct marketing trade
publications. Today, companies are complying with the TSR mandates, despite
the professions of impossibility so strenuously made two years ago.
The Commission should view claims for a need for uniformity with much greater
skepticism. New tools make it easier now than ever to treat people differently.
The industry should bear the burden of explaining how on one hand it can give
different people who live on the same block different credit card offers,
but it cannot treat people who live in different states differently when it
comes to telemarketing regulations.
I. State residents support state telemarketing laws
Many state legislatures have determined that their residents have a strong
interest in privacy and have consequently promulgated laws regulating telemarketing.
These states have adopted legislation that preserves the right of those who
want to receive telemarketing calls to do so, while safeguarding the privacy
interests of those consumers who are not interested in receiving such calls.
Joint Petitioners now seek to eviscerate these statutory safeguards and to substitute
their own judgment about who should receive telemarketing calls.
State residents have grown accustomed to the protections offered by their respective
states. Many residents oppose imposition of an existing business relationship
exemption, as this would contravene their desire to avoid telemarketing by enrolling
in the Do-Not-Call Registry.91
Requiring states to follow the federal model, which includes allowing telemarketing
calls to existing customers, would eliminate the residential peace that state
residents have come to enjoy. Such a requirement would contravene the overall
goal of the Commission's Do-Not-Call Registry – protecting consumers from
the invasion of privacy resulting from telemarketing calls.
IV. Conclusion
Based on the foregoing, the Commission should expressly declare that the TCPA
does not preempt state laws regulating telemarketing.
Respectfully submitted,
Chris Jay Hoofnagle Director and Senior Counsel Electronic
Privacy Information Center West Coast Office
Jessica Shannon Law Clerk Electronic Privacy Information Center
Jason Catlett Founder Junkbusters
Ken McEldowney Director Consumer Action
Susan Grant Vice President, Public Policy National Consumers
League
Linda Ackerman Staff Counsel PrivacyActivism
Beth Givens Director Privacy Rights Clearinghouse
Remar Sutton Co-founder PrivacyRightsNow Coalition
Pam Dixon Director World Privacy Forum
Robert Ellis Smith Publisher Privacy Journal
Jean Ann Fox Director of Consumer Protection Consumer Federation
of America
Gary Ruskin Director Commercial Alert
Olivia B. Wein Staff Attorney National Consumer Law Center
1
Rules and Regulations
Implementing the Telephone Consumer Protection Act of 1991, 70 Fed. Reg. 37318
(June 29, 2005); Rules and Regulations Implementing the Telephone Consumer
Protection Act of 1991, 70 Fed. Reg. 37317 (June 29, 2005).
2
See Jones v. Rath Packing
Co., 430 U.S. 519, 525 (1977) (internal quotation marks omitted) (quoting
Rice v. Santa Fe Elevator Corp., 331 U.S. 218, 230 (1947)).
3
Id.
4
See Gade v.
Nat'l Solid Wastes Mgmt. Ass'n, 505 U.S. 88, 98 (1992) (quoting Rath
Packing Co., 430 U.S. at 525).
5
Telephone Consumer Protection
Act, 47 U.S.C. § 227(e)(1) (2005).
6
Cal. v. ARC America
Corp., 490 U.S. 93, 100-01 (1989) (internal quotation marks and citations
omitted) (citing Pacific Gas & Elec. Co. v. State Energy Res. Conservation
and Dev. Comm'n, 461 U.S. 190, 212-13 (1983) and Florida Lime &
Avocado Growers, Inc. v. Paul, 373 U.S. 132, 142-43 (1963), quoting Hines
v. Davidowitz, 312 U.S. 52, 67 (1941)).
7
Jones v. Rath Packing
Co 430 U.S. at 525 (1977).
8
Id. (internal quotations
omitted) (quoting Rice, 331 U.S. at 230).
9
Communications Act of
1934, 47 U.S.C. § 152(a) (2005).
10
See Joint Petition
for Declaratory Ruling that the FCC has Exclusive Regulatory Jurisdiction
over Interstate Telemarketing, In the Matter of Alliance Contact Servs.,
et al. 3, CG Docket No. 02-278 (filed Apr. 29, 2005) [hereinafter Joint
Petition].
11
Id. n.6.
12
See Mainstream
Marketing Services, Inc. v. FTC, 283 F.Supp.2d 1151,1169-1170 (2003), rev’d
in part on other grounds, 358 F.3d 1228 (10th Cir. 2004).
13
Id. at 1169 (cite
omited).
14
Id.
15
Cal. v. ARC America
Corp., 490 U.S. 93, 101 (1989).
16
Jones v. Rath Packing
Co 430 U.S. at 525 (1977)(quoting Rice, 331 U.S. at 230).
17
Van Bergen v. State
of Minn., 59 F.3d 1541, 1547-1548 (8th Cir. 1995).
18
Jones v. Rath Packing
Co 430 U.S. at 525-26 (1977).
19
See Cal. v.
ARC America Corp., 490 U.S. at 100-01 (1989).
20
Van Bergen v. State
of Minn., 59 F.3d 1541, 1548 (8th Cir. 1995).
21
Jones v. Rath Packing
Co 430 U.S. at 526 (1977)(internal quotation marks omitted) (quoting
Hines v. Davidowitz, 312 U.S. 52, 67 (1941)).
22
Cipollone v. Liggett
Group, Inc., 505 U.S. 504, 516; see also Am. Bankers Ass'n v.
Gould, 2005 U.S. App. LEXIS 11760 at *11 (9th Cir. June 20, 2005).
23
Shaw v. Delta Air
Lines, Inc., 463 U.S. 85, 97 (1983); see also 2005 U.S. App. LEXIS
11760 at *10-11.
24
Telephone Consumer Protection
Act of 1991, Pub. L. No. 102-243, §2, 105 Stat. 2394.
25
See Joint Petition,
supra note , at i.
26
See Joint Petition,
supra note , at 7.
27
Telephone Consumer Protection
Act §2(9).
28
Id. at §
2(5)-(7), (9)-(14).
29
Id. at §
2(12) (emphasis added).
30
See, e.g., Int'l
Sci. & Tech. Inst. v. Inacom Commc'ns, Inc., 106 F.2d 1146, 1150 (4th
Cir. 1997); Park Univ. Enters. v. Am. Cas. Co. of Reading, Pa., 314
F. Supp. 2d 1094, 1109 (D.Kan. 2004); Registry Dallas Assocs. v. Wausau
Bus. Ins. Co., 2004 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 5771, at *16 (N.D.Tex. Feb. 26, 2004);
TIG Ins. Co. v. Dallas Basketball, Ltd., 129 S.W.3d 232, 238 (Tex.
App.-Dallas 2004); Universal Underwriters Ins. Co. v. Lou Fusz Auto. Network,
300 F. Supp. 2d 888, 894-95 (E.D.Mo. 2004); Am. States. Ins. Co. v. Capital
Assocs. of Jackson County, Inc., 2003 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 25532, at *19 (S.D.Ill.
Dec. 9, 2003); Hooters of Augusta, Inc. v. Am. Global Ins. Co., 272
F. Supp. 2d 1365, 1373 (S.D.Ga. 2003); W. Rim Inv. Advisors, Inc. v. Gulf
Ins. Co., 269 F. Supp. 2d 836, 847 (N.D.Tex 2003); Prime TV, LLC v.
Travelers Ins. Co., 223 F. Supp. 2d 744, 752-53 (M.D.N.C. 2002).
31
59 F.3d 1541 (8th Cir.
1995).
32
Id. at 1548.
33
Telephone Consumer Protection
Act of 1991§2(7). These states include Florida, Kansas, Louisiana, Minnesota,
New Mexico, New York, Oregon, and Texas. See 1987 Fla. Laws ch. 253;
Kan. Stat. Ann. § 50-670 (2005) (enacted in 1991); La. Rev. Stat. Ann.
§ 45:810 (2005) (enacted in 1991); Minn. Stat. § 325E.26 (2004)
(enacted in 1987); N.M. Stat. § 57-12-22 (2005) (enacted in 1989); N.Y.
Gen. Bus. Law § 399-p (2005) (enacted in 1988); Or. Rev. Stat. §
646.563 (2003) (enacted in 1989); Tenn. Code Ann. § 47-18-1501 (2004)
(enacted in 1990).
34
Van Bergen v. State
of Minn., 59 F.3d 1541, 1548 (8th Cir. 1995).
35
See Missouri
Pac. Ry. Co. v. Larabee Flour Mills Corp., 211 U.S. 612 (1908); Southern
Ry. Co. v. Reid, 222 U.S. 424, 425 (1911).
36
Missouri Pac. Ry.
Co. v. Larabee Flour Mills Corp., 211 U.S. 612 at 621 (1908).
37
Id.
38
Southern Ry. Co.
v. Reid, 222 U.S. 424 at 434 (1911).
39
See Jones
v. Rath Packing Co., 430 U.S. 519 (1977); Cal. v. ARC America Corp.,
490 U.S. 93, 94 (1989).
40
Jones v. Rath Packing
Co 430 U.S. at 525 (1977)(internal quotation marks omitted) (quoting Rice
v. Santa Fe Elevator Corp., 331 U.S. 218, 230 (1947)).
41
Cal. v. ARC America
Corp., 490 U.S. at 101 (1989); Cedar Rapids Cellular Telephone v. Miller,
280 F.3d 874, 880 (8th Cir. 2002). See also, Medtronic, Inc.v. Lohr,
518 U.S. 470, 475 (1996) (“[T]he States traditionally have had great
latitude under their police powers to legislate as to the protection of the
lives, limbs, health, comfort, and quiet of all persons”, quoting
Metro. Life Ins. Co. v. Massachusetts, 471 U.S. 724, 756 (1985).
42
Cal. v. ARC America
Corp., 490 U.S. at 94-95 (1989).
43
467 U.S. 837 (1984).
44
FCC Report and Order,
In the Matter of Rules and Regulations Implementing the Telephone Consumer
Protection Act of 1991 50 (adopted June 26, 2003, released July 3, 2003)
[hereinafter FCC Report and Order].
45
Id.
46
Id.
47
Id. at 50-51.
48
Id. at 51, n.268.
49
137 Cong. Rec. S18317
(1991).
50
Id.
51
See, e.g., Comments
of the Wisconsin Attorney General in Support of their Motion to Dismiss Petition
of the Consumer Bankers Association on Grounds of Sovereign Immunity, In
the Matter of Consumer Bankers Ass'n 9, CG Docket No. 02-278.
52
FCC Report and Order,
supra note , at 5.
53
See LA PSC v. FCC,
476 US 335, 374 (1986)(an agency may not confer power upon itself; to do so
would expand its power to override Congress).
54
DMNews is an online
newspaper for direct marketers. DMNews Home Page, http://www.dmnews.com.
55
Scott Hovanyetz, Emergency
Triggers Louisiana Telemarketing Ban, DMNews, July 7, 2005.
56
Hillsborough County
v. Automated Med. Labs., 471 U.S. 707, 716 (1985) (there is a "presumption
that state and local regulation of health and safety matters can constitutionally
coexist with federal regulation.").
57
See, e.g., Hill v.
Colo., 530 U.S. 703 (2000) (upholding a law protecting the privacy and
autonomy of individuals seeking medical care, as the law was intended to serve
the "traditional exercise of the States' police power to protect the
health and safety of their citizens.") (internal quotation marks omitted).
58
FCC Report and Order,
supra note , at 46.
59
18 U.S.C. § 2710(f)
(2005).
60
12 U.S.C. § 3401
(2005). While the Right to Financial Privacy Act does not contain explicit
provisions regarding its effect on state law, the legislative history of the
Act indicates that Congress intended to regulate access to customer records
by federal agencies and departments only, without precluding states from regulating
access of state and local agencies to such records.
61
47 U.S.C. § 551(g)
(2005).
62
18 U.S.C. § 2710(f)
(2005).
63
29 U.S.C. § 2009
(2005).
64
18 U.S.C. § 2721
(2005).
65
29 U.S.C. § 1191
(2005).
66
15 U.S.C. § 6701
(2005).
67
15 U.S.C. § 1681t
(2005).
68
New State Ice Co.
v. Liebmann, 285 U.S. 262, 311 (Brandeis, J., dissenting).
69
Roopali Mukherjee and
Rohan Samarajiva, Regulating "Caller ID": Emulation and Learning
in US State-Level Telecommunication Policy Processes, 7 Telecomm. Pol'y
531-542 (1996).
70
The Privacy Protection
Study Commission was created by the Privacy Act of 1974. Privacy Act of 1974,
Pub. L. 93-579 § 5, 88 Stat. 1896 (codified as amended at 5 U.S.C. §
552(a)).
71
Privacy Protection Study
Commission, Personal Privacy in an Information Society (1977), available
at http://www.epic.org/privacy/ppsc1977report/.
72
Id. app.1 at
Preface.
73
Id. at 27.
74
Id.
75
FCC Report and Order,
supra note , at 11.
76
FCC Report and Order,
supra note , at 46.
77
See, e.g., The
National Association of Attorneys General Privacy Subcommittee, Privacy
Principles and Background, available at http://www.naag.org/naag/resolutions/subreport.php.
78
Id.
79
See e.g.,
State of Indiana's Reply Comments, In the Matter of Consumer Bankers
Ass'n 5, CG Docket No. 02-278.
80
Kristen Bremner, Acxiom
Debuts Segmentation, Credit Tools, DMNews, June 29, 2005, at http://www.dmnews.com/cgi-bin/artprevbot.cgi?article_id=33220&dest=article.
81
Claritas, Segmentation
Analysis, available at http://www.clusterbigip1.claritas.com/claritas/Default.jsp?main=3&submenu=seg&subcat=segpirzmne
(last visited July 2, 2005).
82
Claritas advertisement,
available at http://www.clusterbigip1.claritas.com/claritas/pdf/articles/Claritas_STORES_Aug_2004.pdf
(last visited July 6, 2005).
83
See Claritas
advertisement, available at http://www.clusterbigip1.claritas.com/claritas/pdf/articles/Claritas_STORES_Aug_2004.pdf.
84
See American
Teleservices Association, Find a Supplier, http://forms.ataconnect.org/servlet/com.ebiz.edge.webform.FindASupplier.
85
See Call Compliance
Home Page, http://www.callcompliance.com/.
86
See American Teleservices
Association, Government Affairs, http://www.ataconnect.org/GovernmentAffairs/jurisdiction.htm.
87
See American
Teleservices Association, New 2005 Online Regulatory Guide, http://ata.regulatoryguide.com/myeln/ata.asp.
88
Id.
89
See Direct Marketing
Association Yellow Pages, http://www.the-dma.org/yellowpages/.
90
See Creative
Compliance, Case Histories, http://www.creativecompliance.com/cases.html.
91
See, e.g., State
of Indiana's Reply Comments, supra note , at 4.