https://www.binarytree.com/news-events/press-releases/2018/january/binary-tree-achieves-eu-us-privacy-shield-certification/
Binary Tree achieves EU-U.S.
Privacy Shield Certification
January 29, 2018
KENDALL PARK, N.J. – January 29, 2018 – Binary Tree, a trusted expert in powering enterprise digital transformations, announces today that it has completed the certification process for the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework, designed by the U.S. Department of Commerce and the European Commission. The Privacy Shield framework reflects the new requirements for foreign exchanges of personal data and information for commercial purposes, replacing the EU-U.S.
The certification verifies that Binary Tree complies with the framework’s data protection requirements when transferring personal data and information from the European Union to the United States. The EU’s laws for protecting personal data online are among the most stringent worldwide. To join the Privacy Shield Framework, Binary Tree self-certified with the U.S. Department of Commerce and has publicly committed to comply with the Framework’s requirements. The Privacy Shield certification further enhances the company’s global and cross-border security standards, enabling Binary Tree to fulfill the information security requirements of clients whose data transfers across geopolitical boundaries. Binary Tree has a long history of adhering to strict security and privacy standards by way of EU Model Clauses, and currently holds ISO 27001 certification.
Leading high-velocity email and content migrations and robust integration between Office 365 tenants, Power365®, Binary Tree’s software as a service platform, is Privacy Shield certified, giving clients the assurance that critical EU-U.S. content and data transfers are secure and protected by strong privacy policies and technologies during their migrations and tenant integrations.
“Binary Tree is at the forefront of cloud-based data compliance that meets General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) standards,” said Nick Wilkinson, CEO of Binary Tree. “As a solutions provider to global brands, we have expanded compliance beyond regional requirements to ensure that personal data and information is secured to the highest industry standards for a seamless, secure client offering.”
About Binary Tree
Binary Tree is a Microsoft Gold Partner for messaging, cloud productivity and application development and is dedicated to and focused on enterprise transformations to Microsoft platforms. Since 1993, Binary Tree has transformed more than 8,000 global clients and 42 million users, including 7.5 million users to Office 365. The company is a globally preferred vendor for Office 365. Its headquarters is located outside of New York City with global offices in France, Germany, Singapore, Sweden and the U.K. Its award-winning software and services help companies modernize email, directories and applications by moving and integrating them to the Microsoft cloud. The company’s business-first approach helps plan, move and manage the transformation process from end to end so that clients can stay focused on their core businesses. Binary Tree’s experts deliver low-risk, successful IT transformations. Visit www.binarytree.com for more information.
Tweets by @BinaryTreeInc