http://www.infobizsolutions.com/privacy_policy
Terms of Service
By signing in to the Infobiz Solutions website you are agreeing to the Terms of Service.
The Terms of Service or Privacy Policy may be viewed by clicking on the links below.
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Login to your account
I have read or I have had an opportunity to read the Infobiz Solutions Terms of Service.
I Agree (Sign In)
Cancel Login
Forgot your Password ?
click here to reset your password.
LOGIN
Toggle navigation
Home
OTA+
Coming Soon in 2019Click here to see the features
OTA+ (Online Trust Accounting Plus)Cloud Based Trust AccountingComing soon in 2019
Features
Support
Pricing
Compliance Matrix
Register Your Interest Now
OTA+ (STRA)
Available NowClick here to see the features
OTA+ (STRA) - Short Term Rental AccommodationCloud Based Trust AccountingAvailable Now
Start Free Trial Now
Frequently Asked Questions
Features
Support
Pricing
Compliance Matrix
OCS+
Coming Soon in 2019Click here to see the features
OCS+ (Online Conveyancing System Plus)Cloud Based Conveyancing SystemComing soon in 2019
Features
Support
Pricing
Compliance Matrix
Register Your Interest Now
Trustpak
Trustpak For Windows 10
Features
Support
Trustpak Pricing
Trustpak PDF Brochure
Download Trustpak Demo
Trustpak 30 Day Free Trial
Trustpak Compliance Matrix
Trustpak Subscription Purchase
Trustpak - What is Trust Accounting Software?
Support
Please Login For Support
News
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Home
Privacy Policy
What This Privacy Policy Covers
This policy covers how InfoBiz Solutions Pty Ltd ("IBS") treats personal information that IBS collects and receives,
including information related to your use of IBS products and services. Personal information is information about you
that is personally identifiable like your name, address, email address, or phone number, and that is not otherwise publicly available.
What This Privacy Policy Does not Cover
This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that IBS does not own or control, or to people that IBS does not employ or manage..
Information Collection and Use
IBS collects personal information when you register with IBS, when you use IBS products or services, when you visit IBS pages.
When you purchase our products we ask for information such as your name, email address, postal address, telephone number,
mobile number, ABN (Australian Business Number), postal/zip code, your business industry. Once you register with IBS and sign in to our services, you are not anonymous to us.
We DO NOT store or capture any credit card information on our servers. All credit card transactions are performed by a third party company ( "STRIPE.COM" - Headquarters at 185 Berry Street, Suite 550,
San Francisco, CA 94107 ) they pass us back a token that allows us to perform a transaction against the details you have lodged with STRIPE.
You do not have to supply credit card details, you may choose to pay for our products and services by a direct bank deposit but if you choose these options of payment your subscription will remain blocked until the payment amount has been cleared at our bank.
IBS automatically receives and records information on our server logs from your browser, including your IP address, cookie information, and the page you request.
IBS uses information for the following general purposes: to contact you via mail, email or telephone, for support or notification of updates,
fulfill your requests for products and services, improve our services, contact you, conduct research, and provide anonymous reporting for internal use only.
Information Sharing and Disclosure
IBS does not rent, sell, or share personal information about you with other people or non-affiliated companies except to provide products or services you''ve requested,
when we have your permission, or under the following circumstances:
We provide the information to trusted partners who work on behalf of or with IBS under confidentiality agreements. These companies may use your personal information to help IBS communicate with you about offers or new products from IBS and our marketing partners.
However, these companies do not have any independent right to share this information.
We respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims.
We believe it is necessary to share information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud,
situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of IBS terms of use, or as otherwise required by law.
We transfer information about you if IBS is acquired by or merged with another company.
In this event, IBS will notify you before information about you is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Your Ability to View, Edit and Delete Your IBS Profile Information and Preferences
You can edit your IBS Profile Information, including your marketing preferences, at any time.
New categories of marketing communications may be added to the Marketing Preferences page from time to time.
Users who visit this page can opt out of receiving future marketing communications from these new categories.
We reserve the right to send you certain communications relating to the IBS service, such as service announcements, administrative messages and the IBS Newsletter,
that are considered part of your IBS account, without offering you the opportunity to opt-out of receiving them.
Confidentiality and Security
We limit access to personal information about you to employees who we believe reasonably need to come into contact with that information
to provide products or services to you or in order to do their jobs.
We have physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect personal information about you.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
IBS may update this policy. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice
to the primary email address specified in your IBS account.
For the past 18 years at Infobiz Solutions we have been focused on the financial and legal software industry, we have a number of windows based products and our soon to be released cloud versions of our products.
Useful Links
ASTRA AUS SHORT TERM RENTAL ACCOM BODY
APRA - Register of ADI's
IBM - INTERACTION BOOKING MANAGER
More Useful Links
PEXA
Australian Institute of Conveyancers
Legislation - States and Territories
Contact Us
Infobiz Solutions
P.O. Box 31,
Semaphore, South Australia 5019
Phone Within Australia:
08 7421 5940
International Callers:
+61-8-7421-5940
Sales: sales @ infobizsolutions dot com
Support: support @ infobizsolutions dot com
© All Rights Reserved.
Privacy Policy | Terms of Service