http://www.straker.co.nz/privacy-policy-and-gdpr-compliance/
News
Are you a highly skilled IBM translator? Keen to take part in a new and exciting collaboration between IBM and Straker?
Our Strategic Partnership with IBM means more opportunities for Freelance Translators in key markets within Europe, South America and Asia.
You must have proven IBM translations experience and be a native in the target language.
Please contact us at ibm.translator@strakertranslations.com to register your interest.
The EU’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) begins on 25 May 2018.
We’ve been busy making sure we’re compliant, transparent and adhere to all necessary changes. Although these changes have been prompted by European law, we want to protect the privacy of all our customers, vendors, translators and associates around the world and wherever you’re located.
What We’re Doing
We’re not collecting more data or using your personal data any differently. All we’re doing is complying with the GDPR.
Really, there’s very little change regarding how we do things, because we take data privacy, processing, sharing and storage extremely seriously at Straker Translations.
We’re completely transparent on how we use the information we collect, how long we keep that data, and the rights you have regarding it.
We’re contacting all our customers with information about how they can control personal data usage provided to us.
GDPR gives businesses around the world a chance to update how they manage their communications to customers, how they comply with the new laws and how they can improve customer services. By using Straker Translations or The Straker Group services on or after 25 May 2018, you’re agreeing to the changes following GDPR.
If you have questions about these changes, feel free to reach out to us at: dataprivacy@strakertranslations.com.
Why We’re GDPR Compliant
How did we get to GDPR compliance? How have we got there? This is what we’ve been doing.
Accessing all our data sources through traditional data warehouses, structured and unstructured data, data at rest and data in motion to establish what personal data is being stored by us. GDPR requires organizations to prove that they know where all personal data is – and where it isn’t.
Inspecting all data resources to establish what personal data can be found. This includes extracting, categorizing and cataloguing personal data elements such as first names and last names, email addresses and company names.
Documenting and sharing new GDPR/privacy rules across all areas of the business. Strict governance ensures personal data can only be accessed by those with proper rights, based on the nature of the personal data, the rights associated with user groups and the usage context.
Establishing the correct levels and techniques to protect data: through either encryption, pseudonymization and anonymization based on the user’s rights and the usage context.
Producing reports for independent auditors to verify what personal data we have, where it’s located, that we properly manage the process for getting consent from individuals who are involved; proof of how personal data is used, who uses it and for what purpose; and that all appropriate processes are in place to manage data breaches and security issues.
The Information We Collect
When you interact with Straker Translations and the Straker Group, we may collect information from you; such as when you request a quote, email us with a translation enquiry, subscribe to our newsletters or contact our customer service representatives or use certain Straker Translations and the Straker Group services.
For our clients, the information we collect may include, but not be limited to; usernames, email addresses, any messages, images, transient VOIP data (to enable communication delivery only) or other content you send via the chat feature.
For our vendors, the information we collect may include, but not be limited to; usernames, email addresses, any messages, images, transient VOIP data (to enable security of access to our servers), qualifications, experience levels and specialisms.
When you interact with us through our services, we receive and store certain information such as an IP address, device ID, and your activities within the services. We may store such information or such information may be included in databases owned and maintained by us.
The services may use such information and pool it with other information to track, for example, the total number of visitors to our websites.
We do not sell your information to third-parties under any circumstances.
Your Rights
As a data subject, you have the following rights under Data Protection Legislation and we, as Data Controller in respect of Your Data, will comply with such rights in respect of Your Data:
The right of access to Personal Data relating to you
The right to ask us to stop contacting you with direct marketing
The right to correct any mistakes in your Personal Data
Rights in relation to automated decision taking
The right to restrict or prevent your Personal Data being processed
The right to have your Personal Data ported to another data controller
The right to erasure
The right to complain to any Digital Preservation Coalition or agency appropriate to the country or region in which you or your business is transacting, if you believe we have not handled your Personal Data in accordance with Data Protection Legislation
If you have any comments, concerns or complaints about our use of your Personal Data, please contact us: dataprivacy@strakertranslations.com.
We will respond to any rights that you exercise as soon as possible in receipt of your request, unless the request is particularly complex or cumbersome, in which case we will respond within six months (we will inform you within the first month if it will take longer than one month for us to respond).
Where a response is required from us within a particular time period pursuant to Data Protection Legislation, we will respond within that time period.
Data Submission, Storage, User Uploads and Services
If you no longer consent to our processing of Your Data (in respect of any matter referred to in this Privacy Policy as requiring your consent), you may request that we cease such processing by contacting us via the dataprivacy@strakertranslations.com email facility referred to below.
Please note that if you withdraw your consent to such processing, for example in respect of the use of cookies, it may not be possible for us to provide all/part of the Service to you.
In the case of User Uploaded Data, Straker Translations and The Straker Group is the data processor – withdrawals of consent in respect of User Uploaded Data must be made by the relevant data subject to the data controller, and the data controller can then instruct Straker Translations and The Straker Group to take action in relation to the processing of such User Uploaded Data. This can mean that it may not be possible to continue to use the Service in respect of such User Uploaded Data.
Straker Translations and The Straker Group will not share Your Data without your consent or unless required by law (except as set out in this Privacy Policy).
Withdrawal of Consent
By the nature of our Service, Straker Translations and The Straker Group may gather statistical information and store that information. This may include information that does not identify you individually.
If Straker Translations and The Straker Group becomes involved in a merger, acquisition, or any form of sale of some of all of its assets, we will provide notice before Your Data is transferred to any third-party. This may include information that does not identify you individually.
As Straker Translations and The Straker Group is a Data Processor in respect of User Uploaded Data, we will only process such User Uploaded Data in accordance with our instructions from the relevant Data Controller in accordance with the Terms of Service or Services Agreement in place between Straker Translations and The Straker Group and such Data Controller.
We may share with third-parties certain pieces of aggregated, non-personal information such as the number of sites, devices accessed while using Straker Translations and The Straker Group, for example. This may include information that does not identify you individually.
We restrict access to personal information to employees, vendors and associates who need to know that information in order to operate, develop, or improve our Service. These individuals are bound by confidentiality obligations and may be subject to discipline, including termination civil litigation and/or criminal prosecution, if they fail to meet these obligations.
Your Data may be transferred to, stored at, or accessed from a destination outside the European Economic Area (EEA) for the purposes of us providing the Service. It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us, another corporate entity within our group, or any of our suppliers.
By submitting Your Data, you explicitly consent to this transfer, storing or processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that Your Data is treated securely and in accordance with this Policy.
The safeguards in place with regard to the transfer of Your Data outside of the EEA are the entry by us into appropriate contracts with all transferees of such data.
All information you provide to us is stored in our (or contracted third-party) secure servers. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access the Service, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with any person not authorized to use the Service.
The sources and organizations to which we share information are also GDPR compliant. The information we share may include first name, last name and email address. If you want to delete this information we can contact the source on your behalf.
Storage and Destruction of Previous Translations
We may store the documents related to your translation job (source documents, supporting documents, translated documents) in our system for a maximum of 6 years from the time the job is created. After this period, all documents related to your job will be securely and permanently destroyed from our system.
Legal Information
Straker Translations respects the privacy of our visitors and customers. We recognise the need for protecting appropriate personal information that you provide to us as per the Data Protection Act (1998). We have therefore established this Privacy Policy to assist you to understand what information we collect and how that information is used.
What personal information does Straker collect?
The type of information we will collect about you, but not exclusively, includes:
Your name
Address
Phone number
Email address
Credit/debit card details if you are paying in this manner
Credit information – if you are engaging with our services as a business and wish to set up a credit account
Credit/debit card details will be collected but, unlike other details, will not be held on our database. Your credit card information will be stored with our third-party online secure payment processing provider Direct Payment Solutions (www.paymentexpress.com).
If you are quoted for a job that requires a deposit and balance to be billed at the end then your card will be charged for the remaining figure (quote minus deposit already paid) on completion of the job and prior to the translated files being released. You will be notified by email that the completion payment has been processed. For more details on this secure storage see http://www.paymentexpress.com/privacypolicy.htm.
On Straker’s websites you can request information about our services, download marketing or support materials, chat online with an expert, and request pricing quotes. The types of personal information you provide to us on our websites may include names, employer, addresses, phone numbers, and e-mail addresses.
Secure Industry-Recognized Controls
Straker is committed to taking reasonable efforts to secure the personal information you choose to provide to us. To protect the privacy of any personal information you may have provided, Straker employ industry-standard controls including physical access controls and internet firewalls.
We are certified to ISO17100 certification standards – which replaced the EN15038 standard in October 2015 and is the highest global quality standard for translation services. To comply with this certification, our document relay systems, internal processes and professional translators are stringently tested and evaluated.
Archiving and Previous Translations
Our system automatically archives all Source, Supporting and Translated Files five years after the job status is set to ‘Completed’. All Source, Supporting and Translated Files are then securely destroyed a further two years after this time.
Website Cookies and Third-Party Websites
Cookies
A cookie may contain information (such as a unique user ID) that is used to track the pages of the websites you’ve visited. This information is stored in a safe and secure database. You can refuse cookies by turning them off in your browser.
Straker does use “cookies” on its websites. Cookies are identifiers that can be sent from a website via your browser to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Thereafter when you visit a website, a message is sent back to the web server by the browser accessing the website. You may elect not to accept cookies by changing the designated settings on your web browser. However, not utilising cookies may prevent you from using certain functions and features of websites.
The information collected from the use of cookies is used and analysed to improve Straker’s websites. Straker uses the information collected from the “cookies” to collect the pages visited, navigation patterns, etc. of a visitor. This information helps us answer questions such as “What information is of most interest to our customers?” and “What kind of services do our customers require?”
The Straker websites may provide links to third-party websites for your convenience and information. If you access those links, you will leave the Straker website. Straker does not control those sites or their privacy practices, which may differ from Straker’s. We do not endorse or make any representations about third-party websites. The personal data you choose to give to unrelated third-parties is not covered by the Straker Privacy Policy.
Contact Information
For more information on our current Privacy Policy and GDPR compliance, you may wish to contact us directly: dataprivacy@strakertranslations.com.
For more information on Straker’s terms and conditions:
If you have any questions regarding the Privacy Policy or GDPR or believe that the privacy of your personal information has not been respected, you may submit a complaint in writing to the attention of info@strakertranslations.com or via mail attention of The Operations Manager at our corporate headquarters in PO Box 305110, Triton Plaza, Albany, North Shore City 0757, New Zealand.
TrustPilot
Trustpilot
Contact NZ & AUS AUCKLAND
Level 2, Building 3
61 Constellation Drive
Rosedale, Auckland, 0632
New Zealand
Phone: +64 9 801 0648
GISBORNE
Level 1, 131 Gladstone Road
Gisborne, 4010
New Zealand
Phone: +64 9 801 0648
By Appointment Only
SYDNEY
Level 26
44 Market Street
Sydney NSW 2000
Australia
Phone: +61 2 8015 2744
By Appointment Only
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy and GDPR Compliance
Straker Group Quality Statement
CONTACT UK & EUROPE LONDON
71-75 Shelton Street
Covent Garden
London, WC2H 9JQ,
United Kingdom
– By appointment only
Phone: +44 845 591 1640
Freephone: +44 800 069 8425
IRELAND
Unit 2A2
KTI Centre
Killarney
Co. Kerry, Ireland
– By appointment only
Phone: +353 1 691 7864
BARCELONA
Carrer Galileu, 303, 6th Floor,
08028 Barcelona, Spain
Phone: +34 9 3220 2215
VITORIA-GASTEIZ
Nueva Dentro, 33 A 01001
Vitoria-Gasteiz Álava/Araba,
Basque Country, Spain
– By appointment only
KIEL
Hopfenstr. 1d
24114 Kiel
– By appointment only
COLOGNE
Straker Germany GmbH
Luxemburger Str. 259
D-50939 Köln
P:+49 221 168 993 31
By Appointment Only
CONTACT JAPAN JAPAN
Straker Japan K.K.
32F Shinjuku Nomura Bldg.
1-26-2 Nishi-Shinjuku,
Shinjuku-Ku Tokyo 163-0532
– By appointment only
Phone: +81 3 5322 1334
CONTACT USA BURBANK
Straker Translations / Straker Media
150 East Olive Avenue,
Suite 211, Burbank,
91502, California
Phone: +1 213 550 3908
DENVER
1630 Welton Street,
Suite 729,
Denver, CO 80202
Phone: +1 720 316 5967
For a list of all our office locations, please click here
Scroll to top
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.I acceptPrivacy policyCookie and Privacy Settings
How we use cookies
We may request cookies to be set on your device. We use cookies to let us know when you visit our websites, how you interact with us, to enrich your user experience, and to customize your relationship with our website.
Click on the different category headings to find out more. You can also change some of your preferences. Note that blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience on our websites and the services we are able to offer.
Essential Website Cookies
These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our website and to use some of its features.
Because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the website, refuseing them will have impact how our site functions. You always can block or delete cookies by changing your browser settings and force blocking all cookies on this website. But this will always prompt you to accept/refuse cookies when revisiting our site.
We fully respect if you want to refuse cookies but to avoid asking you again and again kindly allow us to store a cookie for that. You are free to opt out any time or opt in for other cookies to get a better experience. If you refuse cookies we will remove all set cookies in our domain.
We provide you with a list of stored cookies on your computer in our domain so you can check what we stored. Due to security reasons we are not able to show or modify cookies from other domains. You can check these in your browser security settings.
Check to enable permanent hiding of message bar and refuse all cookies if you do not opt in. We need 2 cookies to store this setting. Otherwise you will be prompted again when opening a new browser window or new a tab.
Click to enable/disable essential site cookies.
Other external services
We also use different external services like Google Webfonts, Google Maps, and external Video providers. Since these providers may collect personal data like your IP address we allow you to block them here. Please be aware that this might heavily reduce the functionality and appearance of our site. Changes will take effect once you reload the page.
Google Webfont Settings:
Click to enable/disable Google Webfonts.
Google Map Settings:
Click to enable/disable Google Maps.
Google reCaptcha Settings:
Click to enable/disable Google reCaptcha.
Vimeo and Youtube video embeds:
Click to enable/disable video embeds.
Accept settingsHide notification only