http://www.linuxlinks.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Home
Best Software
Linux Links Directory
Distributions
Software
UserGroups
Web Software
Java
Reviews
OSS Awards
Contact Us
Who we are
Our website address is: https://www.linuxlinks.com.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymised string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognise and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Share this article
Recent Posts
Free Books to Learn Kotlin
Now and Then: What happened to DFileManager?
Best Free and Open Source IaaS Software
ampd – web-based MPD client
10 Best Free and Open Source Remote Display Software
6 Best Free and Open Source Google Drive Clients
Pogo – minimalist music player
6 Essential Python Tools for Data Science
Now and Then: The Fate of 15 More Linux Distributions
Best Free and Open Source Software – November 2020 Updates
Search for:
Search
Luke’s Weekly Blog
Luke is currently writing his weekly blog about the AWOW AK41 Mini Desktop PC.
Other hardware: Raspberry Pi 4 single board computer
Data Science
Take our free interactive courses in data science. There’s our course for Python using pandas and plotnine, and our course for R using ggplot2.
Get up to speed in 20 minutes. No programming knowledge required.
Recent CommentsLars Al on LXQt – lightweight Qt desktop environmentWaxy on Subtitle Composer – KDE/QT subtitle editorjcorporation on myMPD – standalone and lightweight web-based MPD clientSteve Emms on Music Player Daemon – flexible, powerful, server-side application for playing musicDoc on Music Player Daemon – flexible, powerful, server-side application for playing musicProgramming Books
Read our curated lists of great free programming books. Learn Java, C, Python, C++, C#, JavaScript, PHP, and many more languages.
Alternatively, check out our series of great free programming tutorials.
Archives Archives
Select Month
December 2020
November 2020
October 2020
September 2020
August 2020
July 2020
June 2020
May 2020
April 2020
March 2020
February 2020
January 2020
December 2019
November 2019
October 2019
September 2019
August 2019
July 2019
June 2019
May 2019
April 2019
March 2019
February 2019
January 2019
December 2018
November 2018
October 2018
September 2018
August 2018
July 2018
June 2018
May 2018
April 2018
March 2018
February 2018
January 2018
December 2017
November 2017
October 2017
September 2017
Recommended Software
Documents
Internet
Graphics
Video
Audio
Productivity
Science
Education
System Admin
Desktop
Utilities
Development
Finance
Games
Web Apps
Security
Other
Documentation
Reviews We’ve written tons of in-depth and completely impartial reviews of open source software. Read our reviews.
Get Involved Donate to LinuxLinks. Your help is appreciated.
Sponsorship opportunities – Have a product or service you wish to promote?
Desktops 9 Best Desktops
24 KDE Widgets
33 GNOME Extensions
Pantheon, Trinity, LXDE
System Tools
Manage your system with 29 essential system tools. We’ve written an in-depth review for each of them.
We’re also writing a series of reviews showcasing excellent utilities.
Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use.
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:
Cookie Policy
Meta
Log in
Entries feed
Comments feed
WordPress.org
Related Link us
FAQ
ForFOSS.com
OSSBlog.org
Privacy Policy