http://www.bluehost.com/terms
Bluehost Terms of Service
Quick Links
User Agreement
Acceptable Use Policy
Domain Registration Agreement
Anti-Spam Policy
User Generated Content Terms
Privacy Policy
Domain Name Dispute Policy
Data Request Policy
Copyright Claims Policy
Ownership Dispute/Change Policy
Professional Services Agreements
Affiliate Agreement
Microsoft Customer Agreement
User Agreement
All Customers of Bluehost's basic services are subject to the terms and conditions contained in the User Agreement. The User Agreement is a legal contract between Bluehost and the User that contains the rights, duties and obligations of Bluehost and the User.
Acceptable Use Policy
Bluehost's Usage Policy is designed to protect Bluehost, its Users and others from illegal, malicious, damaging and inappropriate behavior by Users of Bluehost's services. All users of Bluehost's services are subject to the Usage Policy. The Usage Policy lists activities that are prohibited on Bluehost's services, such as hacking and spamming.
Domain Registration Agreement
Customers of Bluehost wishing to register, transfer or renew a domain name must agree to the Domain Registration Agreement.
Anti-Spam Policy
In our ongoing commitment to providing superior service for our customers, Bluehost has introduced a new, more vigilant anti-spam policy. We have implemented the following policy as a part of our commitment to reducing spam related activity.
Privacy Policy
Bluehost's Privacy Policy covers treatment of information that Bluehost may collect from users of its products and services and from visitors to the Bluehost site.
Domain Name Dispute Policy
The Domain Name Dispute Policy covers Bluehost's involvement in disputes relating specifically to domain name registrations.
Data Request Policy
The Data Request Policy covers Bluehost's handling of formal legal requests for the release of account information.
Copyright Claims Policy
Bluehost's Copyright Claims Policy provides information for parties wishing to notify us of claimed intellectual property infringements present on sites hosted on our servers.
Microsoft Customer Agreement
This page provides links to the additional terms and conditions that apply to your use of the Microsoft Products.
User Generated Content Terms
Bluehost's User Generated Content Terms describes the terms and conditions under which Bluehost may use content created and publicly posted by users to social media.
Ownership Dispute/Change Policy
The Ownership Changes and Dispute policy covers the customers responsibility for any changes to the ownership of a hosting account.
Professional Services Agreements
Bluehost offers certain Professional Services in addition to the basic hosting service. Customers purchasing any Professional Services must read and agree to the terms and conditions set forth in this section for each Professional Service they purchase.
Affiliate Terms & Conditions
All Parties wishing to join Bluehost's Affiliate program must read and agree to the Afiiliate Terms & Conditions.
Report Spam & Abuse
Please send reports of spam and abuse to tos@bluehost.com. In the case of spam, please include the full message being reported as spam including all mail headers. Click here for more information on displaying mail headers.
WordPress hosting
VPS hosting
Dedicated hosting
Reseller hosting
Hosting features
Programs
WordPress
Affiliates
Marketing services
WordPress guide
Professional email
Bluetopia
Blueprint
Blue Sky
Support
Chat
Knowledge base
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Company
About
Careers
Contact
Terms of service
Privacy
Blog
Sitemap
© 2002-2020 bluehost inc. all rights reserved.
888-401-4678
x
The browser version you are using is no longer supported. Please upgrade for the best site experience.