http://www.ceonex.com/privacy_policy/index.htm
application
web
cloud
government
clients
contact about
Privacy Policy
Information Collection And Use
Ceonex may collect personally identifiable information when you visit or use our pages. We may also receive personally identifiable information from our business partners. Additionally, we automatically receive and record information on our server logs from your browser including your IP address, cookie information and the page you requested.
This information may be used for three general purposes: to customize the content you see, to fulfill your requests for certain services and information, and to contact you.
Information Sharing And Disclosure
We will not sell or rent your personally identifiable information to anyone. We will send personally identifiable information about you to other companies or people when:
(1) we have your consent to share the information;
(2) we need to share your information to provide the product or service you have requested;
(3) we need to send the information to companies who work on behalf of ceonex, inc. to provide a product or service to you (unless we tell you differently, these companies do not have any right to use the personally identifiable information we provide to them beyond what is necessary to assist us);
(4) we respond to subpoenas, court orders or legal process; or
(5) we find that your actions on our web sites violate the above terms of service, or any of our usage guidelines for specific products or services.
Cookies
We may set and access cookies on your computer.
privacy policy
Overview
This privacy policy covers Ceonex, Inc.'s treatment of personally identifiable information that we collect when you are on our site or using our services.
This policy also applies to Ceonex, Inc.'s treatment of any personally identifiable information that our business partners share with us.
This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that we do not own or control, or to people that we do not employ or manage.
Newsletter Sign-Up
Receive special industry reports and Ceonex updates
* Your name:
* Your e-mail:
Your company:
application development |
web sites |
cloud solutions |
government |
clients
Home | Contact | About
Copyright 2016, Ceonex, Inc.
Privacy Policy | Terms and Conditions | Whitepapers
We are headquartered in Swampscott, MA. Another office is located in North Adams, MA. We also have a large national and international client list, and are well prepared to serve clients anywhere.