http://www.littledetails.co.uk/privacy-policy.php
The littledetails.co.uk Privacy Policy and UK Data Protection Act
home page |
sitemap
littledetails.co.uk
make a big difference
SEO Web Design Affiliates
Join our SEO & web design affiliate scheme »
seo faqs |
contact us |
advanced seo services |
seo & web design blog |
seo website design guide |
Your Privacy and the UK Data Protection Act
"littledetails.co.uk" refers to the all of the
littledetails.co.uk Liverpool
SEO Web Designs group of web sites
including www.littledetails.co.uk and all of the employees, staff and creators.
littledetails.co.uk takes your privacy very seriously and promises to respect your personal
information, and as such all personal data is collected lawfully and handled in
accordance with the UK Data Protection Act.
This privacy statement outlines the way littledetails.co.uk handles your personal
information. We define 'personal information' as any information that we have obtained
from you directly or through third parties in the process of providing products and
services. We gather this information as we process your enquiry. You are free to
abandon your enquiry at any time. Such information is collected from you entering
data into our web site or by telephone or post, and is collected solely in connection
with providing our products and services. The relevant information is used by us,
suppliers, our agents, sub-contractors and affiliates to maximise the effectiveness
of our services, and to increase the speed with which transactions are conducted.
Information is collected lawfully and in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998
(as amended and updated from time to time). We will do our best to ensure your details
are accurate and kept up to date and we would ask you to assist us in doing so by
notifying us of any changes to your personal information.
Your information will never be passed on to third parties for marketing reasons.
You will not receive unsolicited post, emails or phone calls as a result of supplying
your information to littledetails.co.uk.
Your personal information will only be disclosed to third parties outside of littledetails.co.uk if:
- it is necessary for the performance of your agreement with us to provide a product or service
- you have given your consent
- such disclosure is required or permitted by law
We may from time to time contact by email information relating to the products we
offer, especially if we have introduced a better product, service or price than we have
previously offered you, or if we have a product or service which we believe you may benefit
from. If you do not wish to receive such communications in the future please send an email to
info@littledetails.co.uk with the subject line 'optout'.
User passwords
We store user registered user passwords only in encrypted format which does not
allow us to read the password.
Web Site Cookies
Some sections of the littledetails.co.uk web site require the use of cookies to track
visitor navigation. Cookies are small text files stored on your computer which identify
it to our website. These cookies are used purely to enhance parts of the web site. No
personal information is stored inside the web site cookies.
This site uses a sitemap generator tool which collects your requests for pages and
passes elements of them to search engines to assist them in indexing this site. We
control the configuration of the tool and are responsible for any information sent
to the search engines.
littledetails.co.uk Privacy Policy last updated May 29th 2010.
Please also see our website
terms and conditions »
Bookmark this page:
Mixx
Delicious
Digg
Reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
Twitter
© 2020 littledetails.co.uk
SEO Web Designs
|
privacy policy |
terms and conditions |
seo sitemap