https://www.highintegritysystems.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
We take the privacy of our users seriously. We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our users while providing a personalised service. We observe the provisions of General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). In using this website, you are deemed to have read and agreed to the following privacy statement.
We want you to know about the information we gather online, why we gather it and how we use it. We have implemented technical and organisational measures to ensure that the data protection regulations are observed both by us and where data is passed on to external service providers with your explicit permission.
A.1 Information collected
Personal data means any information relating to the personal or material circumstances of an identified or identifiable natural person. This includes details such as your name, company address, email address and IP address. You are not required to disclose personal data in order to use our website. However, in certain cases, we need your name, company address and other details so that we can provide you with the desired services -for example, if we are sending you information, sending demos that you have ordered or answering individual questions. In addition, we will only store and process data that has been supplied to us voluntarily or automatically.
Where you make use of our services, we will normally collect only the data we need to provide the service concerned. If we request further data from you, the information need only be supplied voluntarily. We will process personal data solely in order to provide the requested service and to safeguard our own legitimate business interests.
A.2 Cookies
Our website uses cookies. A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we put on your computer when you visit our website.
If you want to delete any cookies that are already on your computer, please refer to the instructions for your file management software to locate the file or directory that stores cookies. Information on deleting or controlling cookies is available at www.AboutCookies.org.
How Cookies are Used on www.highintegritysystems.com
Measuring website usage (Google Analytics)
We use Google Analytics to collect information about how you use highintegritysystems.com. This helps us to improve the way our website works, for example by making sure users are finding what they need easily. The data that we collect using cookies is anonymous and aggregated.
Google AdWords and Google Remarketing
We use Google AdWords, which places small adverts at the top of search engine listings. Google uses cookies and/or device identifiers to serve ads based on users’ past visits to www.highintegritysystems.com .
The conversion tracking feature of Google Ads also uses cookies, adding a cookie to a person’s computer when the person clicks an ad. Similarly, Google Remarketing uses cookies to help do things like track whether you may have clicked on one of our Google “Ads” or visited our website. These types of tracking cookies expire after a set time, usually 30 days.
Twitter Universal Website Tag and LinkedIn Insight Tag
These tags allow us to increase the quality of our social media output by seeing how users interact with the posts.
The Download Centre
Cookies are required for the operation of the download centre – they enable you access to all of the free downloads and log in and out.
A.3 Security
We have implemented technical and organisational security measures to protect your personal data against loss, destruction, manipulation or unauthorised access. All our employees and all third parties involved in data processing are obliged to comply with the GDPR and ensure confidentiality in the handling of personal data.
Where personal data is collected and processed, the transmission of this data is encrypted to prevent misuse by third parties. Our security measures are revised on an ongoing basis to encompass new technological developments.
A.4 Google Analytics
We record the movement of visitor traffic through our website in aggregate form. This technical data is evaluated anonymously and exclusively for statistical purposes, so that we can continue to optimise our websites and increase the attractiveness of the content on an ongoing basis. This anonymous data is stored separately from personal data on secure systems and cannot be traced to any individual person. Your personal data and privacy are therefore protected at all times.
GOOGLE PRIVACY & TERMS – Please follow link for the Google’s terms and conditions which are incorporated by reference to our Privacy Policy.
A.5 Changes to our Data Protection Provisions
We reserve the right to amend our security and data protection measures if this is necessitated by technological developments. In this case, we will also adjust our privacy information accordingly.
A.6 Disclaimer for the Content of Linked External Sites
This privacy statement does not extend to the use of any external links that may be included on our websites. If we include links, we endeavour to ensure that they also comply with our data protection and security standards. However, we have no control over the compliance of other website providers with data protection and security provisions. We therefore ask you to refer to the websites of the providers concerned for information on their own privacy policies.
A.7 Right to Information
You can obtain information at any time on the personal data about you that is held by us. Please write to WITTENSTEIN Ltd, Brown’s Court, Long Ashton Business Park, Yanley Lane, Bristol BS41 9LB, UK or info@highintegritysystems.com if you require such information.
A.8 Right of Cancellation
In addition, you can withdraw your consent to the collection and storage of your personal data by us at any time. Please write to WITTENSTEIN Ltd, Brown’s Court, Long Ashton Business Park, Yanley Lane, Bristol BS41 9LB, UK or info@highintegritysystems.com.
A.9 Law Enforcement
We fully co-operate with the police in identifying those who use our service for illegal activities. We reserve the right to report to the police any activities that we reasonably believe to be unlawful.