https://www.neos.hr/privacy-policy
Services
Solutions
About
Contact
Resources
get in touch
follow us:
follow us:
it’s time for
Privacy Policy
Privacy statement
Neos d.o.o., Ulica kneza Ljudevita Posavskog 31, 10000 Zagreb, Croatia, EU, VAT ID: HR77018181695 (hereinafter referred to as „we“, „to us“, „our“, etc.) is the owner of the website www.neos.hr („website“). We created this privacy statement to show that we care about the privacy of our users and in order to inform them about the manners of collection and processing of personal data on this website. Please read this Statement carefully in order to learn how your personal data is collected, processed, protected or used in any other way.
Data collection
Personal data means any information related to an identified or identifiable person. An identifiable person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that person. You should bear in mind that non-personal information and data can be automatically collected by means of our web servers or by use of cookies. Click here to read our cookie policy. Examples of data on your use of the website include: the most visited and viewed websites and links on our website, time spent viewing the site, the most popular key words that bring people to our site, your IP address, data collected via cookies, data of your device such as hardware settings, system activity, type of search engines etc.
Data processing
We use the data obtained about you for one or several mentioned purposes
• In order to personalize your user experience (collected data helps us to respond better to your individual needs);
• In order to improve our website (we are constantly trying to improve the offer of our website based on feedback from our visitors)
Data protection officer
Data protection officer who you can contact for any questions or complaints related to our privacy policy or handling personal data. Contact data of our officer for data protection: accounting@neos.hr
Use of cookies
To find out how we use cookies, read our cookie policy.
Protection of your data
In order to protect personal data, you are sending through this website, we use physical, technical and organizational safety measures. We are continuously upgrading and testing our safety technology.
Personal data
breach notice
In case of personal data breach, we will notify you and the competent authority via email within 72 hours on the scale of breach, data involved, possible impact on our services and our planned measures for data protection and restriction of any harmful impacts on individuals.
The breach notice will not be sent in case:
if technical and organizational protection measures (such as encryption) were applied to the personal data affected by the personal data breach, which render the personal data unintelligible to any person who is not authorized to access it;
• if we have taken subsequent measures to ensure that the high risk to the rights and freedoms of individuals is no longer likely;
• if it would involve disproportionate effort (in such a case we will notify you via public communication or similar equally efficient measure).
Personal data breach means a breach of security leading to the accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorised disclosure of, or access to, personal data transmitted, stored or processed related to offering of our services.
Your consent
By using this website you agree with our Privacy Policy.
Changes to our
privacy policy
In case of any changes to our privacy policy we will inform you of such changes on this website and update the date of changes to the privacy policy as stated below.
This privacy policy was last changed on August 1st 2019
We use cookies to give you the best online experience. By agreeing you accept the use of cookies in accordance with our cookie policy.
I accept
Privacy Settings saved!
Privacy Settings
When you visit any web site, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. Control your personal Cookie Services here.
Necessary
Analytics
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. Technical CookiesIn order to use this website we use the following technically required cookieswordpress_test_cookie wordpress_logged_in_ wordpress_secThese cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources, so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. Google AnalyticsWe track anonymized user information to improve our website._ga_gid_gat
Decline all Services
Accept all Services