http://www.jellyneo.net/?go=privacy_policy
Services Portal
My Wishlists
Your Dailies
Goal Counters
My AC Record
Daily Dare Stats
Lab Ray Logger
Magma Pool Time Checklist
Account Settings
Logout
Neopets News
Wearable News
Battledome News
Crossword Answers
Daily Puzzle
JN Updates
Advent Calendar
All Articles
Altador Plot Guide
Neopian Shops Directory
Neopets Dailies List
Re-Enabling Flash
Island Builders App
Advent Calendar
Game Guides A-Z
Island Builders App
Master Cheats List
Make 50k NP a Day!
Past AAA Events
Game Graveyard
Re-Enabling Flash
Checklist Tool
Newest Avatars
Clickables
Games
Pets/Petpets
Expensive/Items
Battledome
Other
Retired
Annual
All Goodies & Tools
Old Pet Poses
Pound Fee Calculator
Hex Color Codes
Socially Awkward Meepit
Lab Ray Logger
Item Price Checkers
Item Checklists
Magma Pool Time Checklist
Home Page
Checklist Tools
Price Checker Tools
Newest Items
Special Searches
Wearable Previews
Wishlists
Contribute
Wearable News
Wearable Previews
Dress Up Your Neopet
The Rainbow Pool
Model for Us
Customization Wardrobe
Book of Ages
Editorial Database
Guide to Neopia
The Rainbow Pool
DrSloth Neopets Images
The Neopian Dictionary
In-Depth Battlepedia
Contribute to Jellyneo
«
January
»
Jan 3 - Aisha DayJan 6 - Gnorbu DayJan 11 - Buzz DayJan 14 - Sloth DayJan 16 - Elephante DayJan 29 - Kacheek Day
Homepage
Site Prefs
F.A.Q.
Contact Us
History
Link to JN
Staff Listing
Join the Staff
Contribute to Jellyneo
Past Contests
New to Jellyneo?
Purchase Web Hosting
Help JN Stay Online!
Your jnAccount: Log In or Register | New to Jellyneo? Click here!
Jellyneo's Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Jellyneo collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a "User") of the http://www.jellyneo.net website ("Site"). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by Jellyneo.
Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, register on the site, respond to a survey, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address. Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookies
Our Site may use "cookies" to enhance User experience. User's web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
How we use collected information
Jellyneo may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes:
- To improve customer service
Information you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.
- To personalize user experience
We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site.
- To improve our Site
We may use feedback you provide to improve our products and services.
- To send periodic emails
We may use the email address to respond to their inquiries, questions, and/or other requests. If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email or User may contact us via our Site.
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.
Third party websites
Users may find advertising or other content on our Site that link to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Site, is subject to that website's own terms and policies.
Changes to this privacy policy
Jellyneo has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please submit a query.
This page was last updated on July 24, 2012.
About Us | Contact Us | Report Error | Site Prefs | Privacy Policy | My jnAccount
Our Affiliates:
© 1999-2020 Neopets, Inc. All rights reserved. Used With Permission
All content not containing Neopets images is © Jellyneo 2004-2020.
No content is allowed to be used on another website.