https://www.maintec.com/privacy-policy.html
info@maintec.com
(919) 424-6323
About Us
Overview Charity Initiatives News and Events offices Corporate Governance Clients
Mainframe Solutions
Mainframe Services
Mainframe Operation Support Mainframe Systems Support z/OS System Programming DB2 Adminstration CICS Administration Storage Support RACF Administration
Mainframe on Demand
Extra Capacity Needs LPAR Hosting Shared Hosting Mainframe Access Mainframe Managed Services
Colocation & Hosting
Mainframe Outsourcing Mainframe Hosting
Power systems
IBM i (AS/400, iSeries) AIX Linux for Power
IBM i Services
Application Management ERP Services Hardware Management Operation Support Disaster Recovery
Digital Solution
Web Development
Maintenance & Support Dedicated Developers
Mobile App Development
Android IOS Flutter App Development React Native
Digital Transformation
Artificial Intelligence Machine Learning Blockchain IOT Data Science Digital Marketing
Search Engine Optimization Social Media Marketing Mobile Marketing Dedicated Account Manager
IT Consulting
Engineering Services
CRM Solutions ERP Services PLM Services Microsoft Dynamics 365
Game Development Cloud Services
Cloud Migration Cloud Security Cloud Integration Cloud
Advisory Cloud Managed Services for System z
IT Staffing
Staff Augmentation Remote IT Staffing Mainframe Staffing Hire-Train-Deploy Mainframe Training
Products
Online Assesment mRecruit mHRMS
Blog
X
Edit
We are always open to hear from you!
Please help us to know about your query and our expert will contact you to explain how Maintec can be a best fit to serve you.
Consultation
Reach US
info@maintec.com
(919) 424-6323
Facebook
Twitter
Linkedin
Instagram
Talk to Expert
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for (maintec.com). This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the website, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a lock icon in the address bar and looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the Web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
In order to use this website, a user must first complete the registration form. During registration a user is required to give certain information (such as name and email address). This information is used to contact you about the products/services on our site in which you have expressed interest.
From time-to-time our site requests information via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you may choose whether or not to participate and therefore disclose this information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code, age level). Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site.
Ready to get started?
Click here
Address
Maintec Technologies Inc.
8311 Brier Creek Pkwy
Suite 105 - #513
Raleigh NC, 27617
Phone: 919-424-6323
Email: info@maintec.com
3M-215 Building, east of NGEF,
Outer ring road, Kasturi Nagar,
Bangalore, KA, 560043
Phone: +91 080-4271 8000
Resources
Downloads
Overview
Brouchers
Management
Charity Initiatives
Video Podcast
News & Events
Clients
Others
Training Rooms
Careers
Privace Policy
Knowledge Base
Subscribe Newsletter
Stay updated with latest news and articles
Your Email (required)
Please leave this field empty.
Linkedin
Facebook
Twitter
Youtube
Instagram
Copyright © 2020 Maintec Technologies.