http://www.mztools.com/legal_notice.aspx
Home
MZ-Tools 8.0
What's New
Features
Download
Buy / Upgrade
Documentation
Changelog
FAQ & Support
Contact
About
Connect
User Testimonials
"I'm an avid supporter of MZ-Tools. It's a product I couldn't do without and your level of support is outstanding."
Jan Hyde
"You will soon wonder how you ever lived without it."
Andy Maggs
"This is one of the most useful and best VB add-ins. Now that I have been using it I don't know how I ever worked without it. MZ-Tools has become my right hand in the VB IDE."
C. Kevin Provance
Legal Notice
Information
Carlos Quintero is the legal owner of the Internet domain
mztools.com where the web site
www.mztools.com is registered.
MZTools Software is a commercial name registered by Carlos Quintero.
To contact by e-mail, see the Contact page.
ObjectThe main objective of this website is to provide
commercial products, which are sold by an e-commerce 3rd party.
Privacy Policy and General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
There are several scenarios in which your personal data may be collected, detailed here:
Navigating the web site: in this case no personal data is collected.
Downloading and installing trial versions: in this case no personal data is collected.
Purchasing the product(s): purchasing and invoicing is handled either by FastSpring or by Paddle,
both e-commerce shops. In terms of GDPR they are the "data collector" and are GDPR-compliant (see:
https://fastspring.com/privacy/ and https://paddle.com/gdpr/). As part of the purchasing process, their system calls
the MZTools Software system (which in terms of GDPR would be a "data processor") to provide the full name and email address of the buyer and
of the end-user (if different), needed to generate the license file.
Requesting support: in this case your full name and email address are collected, needed to provide you an answer.
In GDPR terms MZTools Software is the "data collector" and uses both Google GMail and Zendesk products (which in terms of GDPR are
"data processors"). Both companies are GDPR-compliant (see https://privacy.google.com/businesses/compliance
and https://www.zendesk.com/company/customers-partners/eu-data-protection/
To request the deletion, modification or copy of your data please use the Contact page.
Copyright
The contents of
this Web site, including all information, material, software and graphics,
are copyrighted by MZTools Software. All copyright and other proprietary
notices contained in the original materials must be retained on any copies
of the materials. Unauthorized use of any materials at this site may
violate copyright, trademark and other laws.
Disclaimer
This web site and all information, material, and software contained herein
is provided "AS IS" without warranty of any kind, either express or
implied, including but limited to any implied warranty of merchantability
or fitness for a particular purpose.
The information published on this web site could include technical
inaccuracies or typographical errors. Changes are periodically added to
the information herein and MZTools Software may make improvements or
changes in the products described herein at any time. This web site may
contain hyperlinks to other web sites controlled by parties other than
MZTools Software. MZTools Software is not responsible for the contents of
those Web sites.
License AgreementCommercial products include a setup with a license agreement that you
must accept before installing the software.
Limitation of Liability
In no event shall MZTools Software be liable for any direct, indirect,
special, or consequential damages, or any other damages whatsoever, for
any use of or reliance on this web site, any materials contained therein,
or any linked or referenced Web site, including, without limitation, any
lost opportunity, lost profits, business interruption, loss of programs or
data, even if expressly advised of or otherwise aware of the possibility
of such as damages, whether in an action of contract, negligence, tort, or
otherwise.
Applicable Law and Jurisdiction
Any controversy arising from the conditions of use and access to
this website contained here under the heading "Legal Notice", as well as
any relationship between you the Customer, User or Visitor and MZTools
Software, will be subject to Spanish legislation, expressly renouncing to
any other jurisdiction, and will be submitted to the Law Courts of the
city of Madrid (Spain).
Copyright Â© 2000-2020 MZTools Software. All Rights Reserved.    Legal Notice