https://www.drivehq.com/legal/privacypolicy.aspx
Last Updated: May 18, 2018
This DriveHQ Privacy Policy ("Privacy Policy") explains how information is collected, used and disclosed by
Drive Headquarters, Inc. and its business divisions including
CameraFTP.com ("DriveHQ", "CameraFTP", "we", "us"),
and applies to information we collect when you use or access our
websites (www.DriveHQ.com and www.cameraftp.com, etc.), products, services or applications (collectively, the "DriveHQ Services"),
or when you otherwise interact with us. We respect the privacy rights of users and recognize the importance
of protecting information collected about you. If you use the DriveHQ Services as part of an organization
that has an agreement with DriveHQ, the terms of that organization’s contract
for the DriveHQ Services may further restrict our collection or use of your information more than what is described in this Policy.
Changes to This Policy
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make any changes, we will notify you by revising the "Last Updated" date at the
top of this Privacy Policy and, in some cases, we may provide you with additional notice (such as adding a statement to our homepage
or sending you an email notification). If there are material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you
by email, or a notice on the home page prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to review our Privacy Policy from time to time
to stay informed about our privacy policies and the ways we protect your privacy.
Your use of any of the DriveHQ Services after the posting of such changes shall constitute your consent to such changes.
Information Collected
Information You Provide To Us.
We collect information you provide directly to us. For example,
we collect information when you register with DriveHQ for an account, create or modify your profile
and online account, access and use the DriveHQ Services (including but not limited to when you upload, download,
collaborate on or share files or other information), participate in any interactive features of the DriveHQ Services,
participate in a survey, contest, promotion, sweepstakes, activity or event, make a purchase, apply for a job,
request customer support, communicate with us via third-party social media sites or otherwise communicate with us.
The types of information we collect directly from you may include your name, username, email address, your picture,
postal address, phone number, information about your data storage preferences, employer’s name, job title,
transactional information (including services purchased or subscribed to and billing address) as well as any
contact or other information you choose to provide. Please be aware that the information you choose to provide
in your DriveHQ profile may reveal or identify information that is not expressly stated (for example,
if you choose to provide your picture, your picture may reveal your gender. We also store the files or other
information that you upload or provide to the DriveHQ Services ("Content") in order to be able to provide
you with the features and functionality of the DriveHQ Service.
Unless you have purchased a DriveHQ Enterprise account or higher DriveHQ Service offering
and you have entered into a Business Associate Addendum to the DriveHQ Service Agreement,
you agree not to upload and/or collaborate Protected Health Information ("PHI") as defined
under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability of 1996 Act as amended ("HIPAA");
DriveHQ disclaims all liability for such PHI.
Information We Collect Automatically When You Use the DriveHQ Services. When you access or use the
DriveHQ Services, we may automatically collect information about you, including:
Usage Information: We monitor user activity in connection with the DriveHQ Services
and may collect information about the applications and features you use, the web pages you visit,
the sizes and names of the files or folders you upload, download, share or access while using the
DriveHQ Services, the Content you access and any actions taken in connection with the access and use
of your Content in the DriveHQ Services.
Log Information: We log information about you when you access and use the DriveHQ Services
including your Internet Protocol ("IP") address, access times, browser type and language, Internet
Service Provider ("ISP"), the Web pages that you visit, the Content you use and the URL of the
Web page you visited before navigating to the DriveHQ Services.
Device Information: If you access the DriveHQ Services from a mobile device,
we collect information about the device, including the hardware model, operating system and version,
unique device identifiers, mobile network information (as allowed by the mobile network) or
platform information (as allowed by the specific platform type).
Information Collected by Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies: We use various
technologies to collect information, which may include saving cookies to your computer or
mobile device. Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive or in device memory that
help us to improve the DriveHQ Services and your experience, customize your experience and preferences,
allow you to access and use the DriveHQ Services without re-entering your member ID and/or password,
understand which areas and features of the DriveHQ Services are most popular and count visits.
We may also collect information using web beacons (also known as "tracking pixels").
Web beacons are digital images that may be used in the DriveHQ Services or in emails that help
us to deliver cookies, count visits, understand usage and campaign effectiveness and determine
whether an email has been opened and acted upon. For more information about cookies and how to
disable them, please see "Your Choices" below.
Third party cookies: the use of cookies by third parties you may sign-in from
into the DriveHQ Services and/or third party applications, is not covered by our privacy policy.
We do not have access or control over such cookies.
Third Party clear gifs: Our third party partners may employ clear gifs (a.k.a. Web Beacons/Web Bugs),
images, and scripts that help them better manage content on our site. We do not tie the
information gathered to our Customers’ or Users’ personal information.
Google AdSense: We may use Google AdSense to publish ads on this site.
When you view or click on an ad a cookie will be set to help better provide advertisements
that may be of interest to you on this and other Web sites. You may opt-out of the use of this
cookie by visiting Google’s Advertising and Privacy page: http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html
Advertising Cookies: We may partner with third parties such as Google, Microsoft,
Yahoo, Apple, Facebook, Twitter and Quora
to manage our advertising
on other sites. Our third parties may use technologies such as cookies to gather information about
your activities on this site and other sites you visit in order to provide you advertising based
upon your browsing activities and interests.
You may opt out of third party tracking by these cookies by
visiting their privacy policy page, e.g.: https://www.google.com/policies/technologies/ads/ for Google.
Information We Collect From Other Sources. We may also obtain information from third parties
and combine that with information we collect through the DriveHQ Services. For example, we may
have access to certain information from a third-party social media service if you create
or log into your online account through the service or otherwise provide us with access
to information from the service. Any access that we may have to such information from a
third-party social media service is in accordance with the authorization procedures
determined by the social media service.
Use of Information
We may use the information we collect about you for a variety of purposes, including to:
Provide, operate, maintain and improve the DriveHQ Services;
Enable you to access and use the DriveHQ Services, including uploading, downloading, collaborating on and sharing Content and sending emails on your behalf;
Send you technical notices, updates, security alerts and support and administrative messages;
Provide and deliver the services and features you request, process and complete transactions,
and send you related information, including purchase confirmations and invoices;
Respond to your comments, questions, and requests and provide customer service and support;
Communicate with you about services, features, surveys, newsletters, offers, promotions,
contests and events, and provide other news or information about DriveHQ and our select partners;
Process and deliver contest or sweepstakes entries and rewards;
Monitor and analyze trends, usage, and activities in connection with the DriveHQ Services and for marketing or advertising purposes;
Investigate and prevent fraudulent transactions, unauthorized access to the DriveHQ Services, and other illegal activities;
Personalize and improve the DriveHQ Services, and provide content, features, and/or advertisements
that match your interests and preferences or otherwise customize your experience on the DriveHQ Services;
Link or combine with other information we receive from third parties to help understand your needs and provide you with better service;
Enable you to communicate, collaborate, and share files with users you designate; and for other purposes about which we notify you.
Processing
By accessing or using the DriveHQ Services or otherwise providing information to us, you consent to
the processing and transfer of information in and to the U.S. and other countries and territories,
which may have different privacy laws from your country of residence.
Sharing and Disclosure of Information.
We will not share personal information about you or any Content with any third parties except
as described in this Privacy Policy or in connection with the DriveHQ Services. For example,
we may share personal information about you including as follows:
Vendors, Consultants and Other Service Providers: We may share your information
with third-party vendors, consultants and other service providers who are working on our behalf
and require access to your information to carry out that work, such as to process billing,
provide customer support, etc.
Corporate/Group Account: If you are a sub-user of a group account, or if you
had a standalone account but later joined a group account, then information
concerning your use of the DriveHQ Services, your account profile info and data stored in your account may
become accessible to the group administrator.
For Sharing, Collaboration or Publishing: You may share your information with third parties who you choose when you
use the sharing or collaboration features in the DriveHQ Services. Your name, email address, information from your profile
and any Content you choose to share will be shared
with such third parties, and such third parties may access, download or modify your data, or
communicate with you. You may publish your Content and share with anybody on the Internet. You have full control on
how you want to share, collaborate or publish.
Third Party Applications: The DriveHQ Services can work with
some third-party applications or services, such as through our Single-Sign-On API or
DriveHQ partnership programs. If you choose to use any such third-party applications or services,
you may share information about you including your username and any Content you choose to use
in connection with those applications and services, and such third parties may contact you
directly as necessary. This Privacy Policy does not apply to your use of such third-party
applications and services, and we are not responsible for how those third parties collect,
use and disclose your information and Content. We encourage you to review the privacy policies
of those third parties before connecting to or using their applications or services to
learn more about their information and privacy practices.
Compliance with Laws: We may disclose your information to a third party if
(a) we believe that disclosure is reasonably necessary to comply with any applicable law,
regulation, legal process or governmental request, (b) to enforce our agreements, policies
and Terms of Service, (c) to protect the security or integrity of the DriveHQ Services,
(d) to protect DriveHQ, our customers or the public from harm or illegal activities, or
(e) to respond to an emergency which we believe in the good faith requires us to disclose
information to assist in preventing the death or serious bodily injury of any person.
Business Transfers: We may share or transfer your information in connection
with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition
of all or a portion of our business to another company. The party that receives the information
must sign a non-disclousure agreement.
Aggregated or Anonymized Data: We may also share aggregated or anonymized information with
third parties that does not directly identify you.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can contact us at privacy@DriveHQ.com. DriveHQ shall respond within 3 business days.
Security
While no service is completely secure, DriveHQ takes reasonable measures to help protect information about you from loss,
theft, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and deletion. For example, we offer tools to encrypt
your Content when it is stored in our data center. In addition, sensitive information such as your credit card number or
password is encrypted with SSL during transmission over the Internet.
The servers on which personal information is stored are kept in a controlled environment with limited access.
While we take reasonable efforts to guard personal information we knowingly collect directly from you,
no security system is completely safe. In addition, we cannot guarantee that any passively-collected personal
information you choose to include in documents you store on our systems are maintained at levels of protection
to meet specific needs or obligations you may have relating to that information.
You may access your account information and our service only through the use of an individual username and password.
To protect the confidentiality of personal information, you must keep your password confidential and not disclose
it to any other person. Please advise us immediately if you believe your password has been misused.
In addition, always log out and close your browser when you finish your session. Please note that we will
never ask you to disclose your password in an unsolicited phone call or email.
Unless you have purchased a DriveHQ Enterprise subscription account or higher, you agree not to upload to
or collaborate through the DriveHQ Services any Personal Health Information as defined by the Health
Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 as amended (HIPAA).
Your Choices
Account Information & Retention. You may update, correct or delete information about you at any time by logging
into your online account and modifying your information or by emailing us at support@DriveHQ.com.
We will retain your personal information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes
outlined in this Privacy Policy. If you wish to deactivate your account, please email us at support@DriveHQ.com.
We may retain certain information as required by law or for legitimate business purposes.
We may also retain cached or archived copies of information about you for a certain period of time.
We will respond to your access request within 3 days. To request removal of your personal information
from our blog or testimonials, contact us at the email address listed above. In rare cases,
we may not be able to remove your personal information, in which case we will let you know if
we are unable to do so and why.
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services.
We will retain and use your information to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes
and enforce our agreements.
Promotional and Newsletter Communications. You may opt out of receiving promotional and newsletter
emails from DriveHQ by following the opt-out instructions provided in those emails. You may also
opt-out of receiving promotional emails and other promotional communications from us at any time by
emailing support@DriveHQ.com with your specific request. If you opt out, we may still send
you non-promotional communications, such as security alerts and notices related to your access to
or use of the DriveHQ Services or those about your online account or our ongoing business relations.
Cookies.
Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually choose
to set your browser to remove or reject browser cookies or to prompt you before accepting such a
cookie. Please note that, if you reject browser cookies,
certain functionality of the DriveHQ Services will not work.
California ResidentsUnder California law, California Residents who have an established
business relationship with DriveHQ may choose to opt out of DriveHQ’s disclosure of personal information
about them to third parties for direct marketing purposes. DriveHQ does not disclose personal information
to third parties for direct marketing purposes.
Single Sign-On
You may log in to our site using sign-in services such as Facebook, Google or an Open ID provider.
These services will authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share certain personal
information with us such as your name and email address to pre-populate our sign up form.
Social Media Features and Widgets
The DriveHQ Services may include social media features. These features may collect your IP address,
which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly.
Social media features are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on a DriveHQ Service.
Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
Blogs and Forums
Our web site offers publicly accessible blogs, community forums or customer support forums. You should be aware that any
information you provide in these areas may be read, collected, and used by others who access them.
Testimonials
We display personal testimonials of satisfied customers on our site in addition to other endorsements.
With your consent we may post your testimonial along with your name.
Links to Third Party Websites
We may place links on the DriveHQ Services. When you click on a link to a third party website
from our website, your activity and use on the linked website is governed by that website’s policies,
not by those of DriveHQ. We encourage you to visit their websites and
review their privacy policies.
Our Policy Toward Children
The DriveHQ Services is not directed to individuals under 14. We do not knowingly collect personal information from
children under 14. If you become aware that a child has provided us with personal information, please contact us
at support@DriveHQ.com. If we become aware that a child under 14 has provided us with personal information,
we will take steps to delete such information.
Contacting Us
Any questions about this Privacy Policy should be addressed to support@DriveHQ.com or to
our main office address at: 2551 San Ramon Valley Blvd, Ste 213, San Ramon, CA 94583, USA.
For more info about DriveHQ security and GDPR compliance, please visit:
DriveHQ Security Overview
GDPR Compliance