http://www.theportablepc.com/privacypolicy.html
Toll Free:
1-888-310-3642
Direct:
1-610-255-0198
info@theportablepc.com
GSA#: GS-35F-0659T
Toggle navigation
Home
Products
Sterling Products
Portable Computers
Portable NAS/SAN
Rackmount Computers
Rugged Notebooks
Services
Company Services
Test and Measurement
Government and Military
Media and Broadcasting
Police and Medical
Company
Company Profile
Recent News
Service Policy
Limited Warranty
Warranty Service
Refund Policy
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
News
Lunchbox Computer PC
What is a portable pc?
What is a portable computer?
Powerful Portable Computer
Lunchbox Computer Build
Lunchbox Computer PC
Three Screen Portable Computers
Rugged Lunchbox Computer
Lunchbox PC
21.5" Triple Screen Portable PC
Rugged Notebooks
15.6" Rugged Notebook Serial Port
14.1" Rugged Laptop RS232 Serial Port
13.3" Fully Rugged Notebook Serial Port
12.1" Notebook Plus Tablet Serial Port
Notebook Serial Port RS232
Laptop Serial Port RS232
Mil-Std Rackmount Computers
Mil Spec 1U rackmount
Mil-Std 2U rackmount
Military Standard 3U rackmount
Military Standard 4U rackmount
Mil-Spec 4U rackmount
Portable PC
Latest Portable PC
Battery Powered Portable PC
Powerful Portable Computer
Micro ATX Portable PC
Lunchbox Computer Chassis
Rugged Lunchbox Computer PC
21.5" Three Screen Portable PC
17.3" Three Screen Portable PC
3 Screen Portable PC
Contact Us
Request Quote
Privacy Policy
Home
Company
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
At Sterling Computer Sales, we are committed to protecting your privacy.
Any and all the information collected on this site will be kept strictly confidential and will not be sold, reused, rented, disclosed, or loaned.
Any information you provide will be held with the utmost care and will not be used in ways that you have not consented to. If you have any questions, please feel free to call or e-mail us.
We use the information we collect about you only to process orders. Please read on for more details about our privacy policy:
What information do we collect? How do we use it?
When you order, we need to know your name, e-mail address, mailing address, credit card number, and expiration date. This allows us to process and fulfill your order and to notify you of your order status. This information will only be used by Sterling Computer Sales and will not be used by any other company for any purpose.
How does Sterling Computer Sales protect customer information?
When you place orders we offer the use of a secure server. The secure server software (SSL) encrypts all information you input before it is sent to us. Furthermore, all of the customer data we collect is protected against unauthorized access.
Will Sterling Computer Sales disclose the information it collects to outside parties?
Sterling Computer Sales does not sell, trade, or rent your personal information to others. Period.
Summary:
We are committed to protecting your privacy. We use the information we collect on the site to make shopping at Sterling Computer Sales possible and to enhance your overall shopping experience. We do not sell, trade, or rent your personal information to others.
Your Consent:
By using our Web site, you consent to the collection and use of this information by SterlingCart.com. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.
Looking for a company to provide a custom portable, rackmount, or computer solution, please contact us today to learn more about our capabilities.
Request Quote
Sterling Computer Sales provides custom portable solutions for your business on time and on budget.
We specialize in portable computers, rackmounts, rugged notebooks and portable pc solutions for your business.
Product Highlights
All In One Design Portable PC
Up to 21.5" 1920x1080 Display
Custom Rackmount PC
Magnesium Alloy Case Design
Rugged Lunchbox PC
Useful Links
Products
Services
Company
Contact Us
Request Quote
Contact Us
Corporate Headquarters:
Landenberg, PA USA
Phone: 610 255 0198
Fax: 610 545 5560
Email: info@theportablepc.com
2018 © All Rights Reserved.
Lunchbox PC | Portable PC