http://www.fpdigital.com/legal/privacy/privacy-choices.html
home
nav
Oracle
Close
Search
Search
Products
Resources
Support
Events
View AccountsSign In
Back
Oracle Account
Sign-In
Create an Account
Help
Sign Out
Cloud Account
Sign in to Cloud
Sign Up for Cloud Free Tier
No results found
Your search did not match any results.
We suggest you try the following to help find what you’re looking for:
Check the spelling of your keyword search.
Use synonyms for the keyword you typed, for example, try “application” instead of “software.”
Try one of the popular searches shown below.
Start a new search.
Trending Questions
Close
About Oracle
Strategic Acquisitions
Oracle and Front Porch
Oracle Buys Front Porch
On September 14, 2014, Oracle announced that it has signed an agreement to acquire Front Porch Digital, a leading provider of content storage management solutions that help companies migrate, manage, and monetize large-scale media assets.
The transaction has closed.
The explosive growth of today's rich media has created immense challenges for companies in media and entertainment and across various industries with large-scale digital content. Front Porch Digital's industry leading cloud and on-premise solutions help organizations seamlessly manage the rapidly expanding and complex volumes of digital media content, such as high-definition films and TV shows, medical images and records, and real-time security monitoring feeds. More than 550 organizations worldwide across multiple industries rely on Front Porch Digital to ensure the availability and accessibility of their valuable content.
Front Porch Digital's unique capabilities complement Oracle's high performance and scalable engineered storage solutions. The combination of Oracle with Front Porch Digital is expected to create the most comprehensive enterprise-grade cloud and on-premise content storage management solution to help organizations efficiently manage the growing complexities associated with the migration, integration, storage, and delivery of rich media content.
Read the press release
Support for Front Porch e-TEST Suite Products
Information for Customers and Partners
Letter to Customers and Partners from John Fowler, Executive Vice President of Oracle Systems, outlining the benefits of the combination
Overview and Frequently Asked Questions (PDF)
Learn more about what the combination of Oracle and Front Porch Digital will mean for our customers and partners (PDF)
Services and Sales
Front Porch Digital customers and partners: Please use your existing contacts for professional services and sales.
Oracle is currently reviewing the existing Front Porch Digital product roadmap and will be providing guidance to customers in accordance with Oracle's standard product communication policies. Any resulting features and timing of release of such features as determined by Oracle's review of Front Porch Digital's product roadmap are at the sole discretion of Oracle. All product roadmap information, whether communicated by Front Porch Digital or by Oracle, does not represent a commitment to deliver any material, code, or technology, and should not be relied upon in making purchasing decisions. It is intended for information purposes only, and may not be incorporated into any contract. Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This document contains certain forward-looking statements about Oracle and Front Porch Digital, including statements that involve risks and uncertainties concerning Oracle's proposed acquisition of Front Porch Digital, anticipated customer benefits and general business outlook. When used in this document, the words "anticipates", "can", "will", "look forward to", "expected" and similar expressions and any other statements that are not historical facts are intended to identify those assertions as forward-looking statements. Any such statement may be influenced by a variety of factors, many of which are beyond the control of Oracle or Front Porch Digital, that could cause actual outcomes and results to be materially different from those projected, described, expressed or implied in this document due to a number of risks and uncertainties. Potential risks and uncertainties include, among others, the possibility that the transaction will not close or that the closing may be delayed, the anticipated synergies of the combined companies may not be achieved after closing, the combined operations may not be successfully integrated in a timely manner, if at all, general economic conditions in regions in which either company does business may deteriorate and/or Oracle or Front Porch Digital may be adversely affected by other economic, business, and/or competitive factors. Accordingly, no assurances can be given that any of the events anticipated by the forward-looking statements will transpire or occur, or if any of them do so, what impact they will have on the results of operations or financial condition of Oracle or Front Porch Digital. You are cautioned to not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this document. Neither Oracle nor Front Porch Digital is under any duty to update any of the information in this document.
Learn More
See all acquisitions
Resources for
Developers
Startups
Students and Educators
Partners
Oracle PartnerNetwork
Find a Partner
Log in to OPN
Solutions
Artificial Intelligence
Internet of Things
Blockchain
What’s New
How we’re taking on COVID-19
Java SE Downloads
Try Oracle Cloud Free Tier
Contact Us
US Sales: +1.800.633.0738
How can we help?
Subscribe to emails
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
YouTube
Oracle
Integrated Cloud Applications & Platform Services
© 2020 Oracle
Site Map
Privacy/Do Not Sell My Info
Country/Region
Ad Choices
Careers