http://www.hmssoftware.ca/privacy
Close ×
home
products
TimeControl
TimeControl Industrial
customers
services
partners
news
contact
Fr
Search
Close ×
Privacy Policy
Last updated May 20, 2018.
Heuristic Management Systems Inc. respects and protects the privacy of those who visit our Web site ("Site").
The data controller of the Site is Heuristic Management Systems Inc. doing business as “HMS”, “HMS Software” with Canadian Business ID 121425458RC0001 and whose registered address is 189 Hymus Blvd, Suite 402, Pointe Claire, Quebec, H9R 1E9, Canada. Heuristic Management Systems Inc. ("HMS") maintains this Internet site (the "Site") for informational and communication purposes.
This Privacy policy applies to all personal data you provide to HMS when you visit and use the Site, attend one of our marketing events in person or online or connect to use via email, social media or telephone.
Personal Information
Data you provide us
HMS respects the privacy of personally identifiable information about visitors to the Site such as names or e-mail addresses and will collect such information about you only when you knowingly and voluntarily submit it.
We collect your name, business email address, business telephone number, business address and your role in that business.
Non-personal information
HMS may collect certain non-personal information about visitors to the Site, including but not limited to the identity of their Internet browsers, the types of operating systems they use, their IP address, their locations, and the domain names of their Internet service providers. Such non-personal information may be used by HMS for purposes including but not limited to improving the content of the Site, marketing, advertising, or research.
This information is not provided to 3rd parties.
HMS uses "cookies" to store member names and passwords for users who wish to gain access to any private areas of the Site. Cookies allow us to both store and retrieve login information through a user's browser. A "cookie" is information stored on your computer by a web server and used to customize your web service in some way. Our sites may use cookies to offer faster responses or help customize users' sessions. Like most Internet sites, we do keep standard log records to improve our sites, to provide better information in the future and to be sure we are using resources wisely. These logs may include the user's IP address or system domain name, computer type, browser version, date and time of the visit, names of files requested and the referring page. You can set your browser software to disable cookies or to prompt you before a cookie is accepted. Our Web server automatically asks a new user whether his or her browser will agree to accept a "cookie" via the Web browser. If a visitor accepts, our Web server will identify the user's cookie for HMS's use in internal reporting or, for site personalization. If a user accepts a cookie, but would later like to remove it from his or her browser, he or she can follow the removal instructions found as part of your browser software.
Our purpose in the use of your data
This information you submit to us is collected for the purpose of sending you requested information or products, to contact you with other product information, news, or promotions, and to learn more about our Site visitors. If you give us your e-mail address, we may communicate with you via e-mail.
Data Location
HMS stores the data you send to us in secure facilities on our servers located in the United States.
We use 3 sub-processors to store and manage your data.
These are Dream Host Web Hosting who stores our website data in the state of California, USA.
Salesforce.com Inc. who hosts our customer relationship management data in the state of Illinois and Constant Contact who is headquartered in the state of Massachusetts. HMS has binding agreements with these sub-processors to ensure that your personal data is kept secure and in compliance with applicable laws.
If we change or add a sub-processor, we will update this Policy.
Data Retention
The personal data you submit to us will only be retained for as long as legally permitted and necessary for the purposes for which it was collected, or where we have a current legitimate interest to retain it.
Where we do not have a legitimate interest to process your personal data, or where you have withdrawn your consent, we will either securely destroy, delete or anonymize your personal data, or where this is not possible, then we will securely store your personal data and segregate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
Rights
Right to Opt-out
You can choose not to receive marketing e-mails at any time. You may choose not to receive any further communication from us at any time. To opt out of our marketing communications, send an email to privacy@hms.ca
Rights to obtain, correct, erase your data
You can ensure that your personal information is correct and current or, request a record of what personal data we have on record for you or request that your personal information be erased at any time by emailing privacy@hms.ca or by calling our marketing department at +1 (514) 695-8122.
Right to complain
You have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your personal data.
For more information, please contact your local data protection authority.
Links to Third Parties
This Site may contain links to other Internet sites operated by third parties, including members of HMS's distributor network or HMS's alliance partners. HMS is not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of members of its distributor network, advertisers, operators of linked sites, or other third parties. Links to other sites are provided for your convenience only, and you access them at your own risk.
Questions
If you have questions or comments regarding HMS's privacy practices, please send an email to privacy@hms.ca.
Revisions to this policy
HMS shall have the right at any time and without prior notice to revise the terms and provisions of this Privacy Policy or to impose a new Privacy Policy with respect to access to or use of this Site. Such revisions and additions shall be effective immediately upon notice thereof, which may be given by any means, including but not limited to posting the revised or additional terms and conditions on the Site.
Last Updated: May 20, 2018
Data Protection Officer
Our Data Protection Officer is Chris Vandersluis.
He can be reached with the following contact information:
Mail: 189 Hymus Blvd., Suite 402, Pointe Claire, QC, H9R 1E9, Canada
Email: privacy@hms.ca
Telephone: +1 514-695-8122 x223
For more information on our Terms of Use, consult our Terms of Use page.
For more information on our copyright and trademarks, consult our Copyright and Trademarks page.
Products
TimeControl
TC Industrial
News
Press Releases
Media Kit
Customers
Customers
Case Studies
Testimonials
Partners
partners
Dealers
Services
HMS Software Montreal (HQ)
(514) 695-8122
info@hms.ca
189 Hymus, Suite 402, Pointe Claire, QC H9R 1E9
HMS Software Toronto
(647) 478-8332
toronto@hms.ca
@HMS_TimeControl
Tweets by @HMS_TimeControl
Sitemap
terms of service
privacy
HMS Copyright 1983-2020