https://www.ibi.com/privacy/
Skip to content
Privacy Matters
ibi is committed to safeguarding your privacy online. Please read the following policy to understand how your information will be treated as you make full use of our website. This policy may change from time to time so please check back periodically.
Effective Date: May 25, 2018
Information Builders and its affiliates (together, “Information Builders” or “we”) are committed to safeguarding your privacy online. Please read this Privacy Policy to understand how we process the information we collect.
Data Controller
If you reside in the U.S., Information Builders is responsible for your information under this Privacy Policy:
Information Builders
2 Penn Plaza
New York, NY 10121
(212) 736-4433
privacy@informationbuilders.com
If you reside outside the U.S., the data controller for the information you provide or that we collect pursuant to this Privacy Policy is dependent on where you are located:
Spain, Portugal
Information Builders Ibérica, S.A.
Calle Joaquin Turina 2, 28224 Madrid, Spain
+34 91 710 22 75
UK, Ireland, Denmark
Information Builders (UK) Ltd
100 New Bridge Street, London, EC4V 6JA, (UK)
+44 (0) 207 107 4000
France, Luxembourg
Information Builders France S.A.
24, Quai Gallieni, Bâtiment A, 92150 Suresnes, France
+ 33 (0) 1 49 00 66 00
Belgium, Netherlands
Information Builders Netherlands B.V.
Dr. Willem Dreesweg 2,1185 VB Amstelveen, Netherlands
+31 (0) 20 456 33 33
Switzerland
Information Builders (Schweiz) AG
Neumarkt 1, 5200 Brugg AG, Switzerland
+41 (44) 839 49 49
Italy
Information Builders Italia Srl
Viale Colleoni 3 pal.Taurus Ingr.2, 20864 Agrate Brianza (MB) – Italy
+39 039 59 66 200
Sweden
Information Builders Sweden AB
Forsbackagatan 24, SE 123 43 Farsta, Stockholm, Sweden
00 44 207 107 4000
All Others
Information Builders
2 Penn Plaza, New York, NY 10121
(212) 736-4433
For all non-U.S. countries, e-mails may be sent to EuropeanDPO@informationbuilders.com.
Note: Residents of Germany (Deutschland) are governed by the Privacy Policy located at http://www.informationbuilders.de/
Where This Privacy Policy Applies
This Privacy Policy describes the information that Information Builders collects (directly or indirectly) when you use informationbuilders.com, ibi.com, informationbuilders.fr, informationbuilders.nl, informationbuilders.pt, informationbuilders.co.uk, informationbuilders.it, informationbuilders.es, informationbuilders.eu, and omnihealthdata.com (together, the, “Services”); why we collect it; and what we do with the information we collect. This Privacy Policy applies to you when you use the Services or communicate with us offline, such as by telephone for customer support.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to any website or service that does not display or link to this Privacy Policy. If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA) or Switzerland, our Privacy Shield Policy also applies.
Information We Collect
The information we collect depends on how and why you use the Services.
The registration forms in the Services require contact information such as name, mailing address, and e-mail address. We use this registration information to create your account, offer you free trials, and inform you about Information Builders products and services
If you submit a request for support, Information Builders may collect name, telephone number, e-mail address, and other information that you choose to give us to respond to the support request
We automatically collect the date and time that you access the Services. Depending on the settings of your computer or mobile device (“Device”), we also automatically collect: Internet Protocol (IP) address; MAC address; Device make, model, and operating system version; mobile network information; Internet service provider; browser type and language; country and time zone in which the Device is located; and metadata stored on the Device. This information is collected through cookies and other data collection technology, as described below or in our cookie policy
If you give us permission through your mobile device’s operating system settings, we also collect:
Your precise geolocation (latitude and longitude) through GPS or WiFi, or your approximate location through your mobile network service provider. The collection of your geolocation may occur in the background even when you aren’t using the Services if the permission you gave us expressly permits such collection. If you decline permission for us to collect your geolocation, we will not collect it
Photos, videos, contacts, text messages, audio files, and other stored data
Information Builders may collect information from other sources and combine it with information we collect from or about you. When the combined information directly or indirectly identifies an individual we treat it as personal data
We do not process or store your credit/debit card information. Instead, we engage third-party payment card processors to collect and process credit/debit card payments.
Our Use of Cookies and Other Data Collection Technology
The Services may use cookies, pixel tabs (also known as web beacons, flash cookies, and clear GIFs), and similar technology (“Data Collection Technology”).
A cookie is a small data file that contains a unique identification number that a website places on your hard drive when you visit a site. The cookie stores information about your computer, the type of browser you use, and how many times your computer visits a certain site. Cookies enable us to track how often Users are visiting the Services and the specific pages visited, the number of entries in specific events, the estimated audience size for sponsors and advertisers, and other User preferences. You can refuse to use cookies by turning them off in your browser. You do not need to have cookies turned on to use most of the Services. You may, however, find that some areas on the Services are slower or do not function at all if cookies are disabled. To learn more about cookies generally, visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org.
The Services also use clear GIFs (also known as pixel tags, web beacons, or web bugs). A clear GIF is computer code that contains a unique identifier that enables us to monitor user activity and traffic of the Services. We use GIFs to gather aggregate information on visits to the Services, track usage of website links, and assist with registration and other features.
We also use Google Analytics, which is a Google service that collects aggregate information about use of the Services and reports website trends. Google Analytics does not directly identify individual users. You can learn about Google’s practices and opt out by visiting http://www.google.com/settings/ads or by downloading the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
For more information, please see our cookie policy at https://www.ibi.com/privacy/cookie_policy.
Our Policy on Do Not Track Signals
Some web browsers (including Safari, Internet Explorer, Firefox, and Chrome) incorporate a “Do Not Track” (“DNT”) or similar feature that signals to websites that a user does not want to have his or her online activity and behavior tracked. If a website that responds to a particular DNT signal receives the DNT signal, the browser can block that website from collecting certain personal information about the browser’s user. Not all browsers offer a DNT option and DNT signals are not yet uniform. For this reason, many website operators, including Information Builders, do not respond to DNT signals.
How We Use Information
We use information to operate the Services, including:
To Administer Your Account and Provide the Services to You
Create and manage your account
Provide you with customer support and respond to your requests
Communicate with you about the Services
To Develop, Display, and Track Content and Advertising Tailored to Your Interests on the Services and Other Websites
To Inform You About Our Resources
Communicate with you by e-mail, phone, social media, or Device about products or services that we think may interest you
Inform you about our events, blog posts, and other resources
To Improve the Services and Develop New Ones
Administer focus groups and surveys
Conduct research and analysis of users’ behavior to improve the Services
Develop new features and services
To Prevent, Detect, and Fight Fraud or Other Illegal or Unauthorized Activities
Address ongoing or alleged fraud on or through the Services and our related products and services
Analyze data to better understand and design countermeasures against fraud
Retain data related to fraudulent activities to prevent recurrence
To Ensure Legal Compliance
Comply with legal requirements
Assist law enforcement
Enforce or exercise our rights
To process your information as described in this Privacy Policy, we rely on the following legal bases:
Legitimate interests: We may use your information where we have legitimate interests to do so. For example, we analyze our users’ behavior to improve the Services, to prevent and detect fraud and misuse, and to market new products and services that we think will interest you
Consent: From time to time, we may ask for your consent to use your information. You may withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us at takemeoffthelist@informationbuilders.com.
How We Share Information
We share information as described in this Privacy Policy or as otherwise disclosed to you at the time it is collected. We do not sell personal information and have not sold personal information of any individuals in the preceding 12 months.
With our service providers and partners
We use third-party operational providers to help us operate and improve the Services. These third parties assist us with data hosting and maintenance, analytics, customer care, marketing, payment processing, debt collection and security operations. All of our service providers must adhere to confidentiality obligations that are consistent with this Privacy Policy
For corporate transactions
We may transfer your information if we are involved, whether in whole or in part, in a merger, sale, acquisition, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, bankruptcy, or other change of ownership or control
When required by law
Applicable law may require us and our service providers to disclose
your information if: (i) reasonably necessary to comply with a legal process, such as a court order, subpoena, or search warrant; government investigation; or other legal requirements, or (ii) necessary for the prevention or detection of crime (subject in each case to applicable law)
To enforce legal rights
We may also share information: (i) if disclosure would mitigate our liability in an actual or threatened lawsuit; (ii) as necessary to protect our legal rights and legal rights of our users, business partners, or other interested parties; (iii) to enforce our agreements with you; and (iv) to investigate, prevent, or take other action regarding illegal activity, suspected fraud or other wrongdoing
With your consent or at your request
We may ask for your consent to share your information with third parties. When we do, we will make clear why we want to share the information
We may collect and provide aggregate information about our users (such as how many persons visited a particular page) to our advertisers, sponsors, promotional partners and affiliates but this aggregated information does not include information that identifies any individual person.
How We Protect and Retain Information
We use physical, technical, and organizational measures designed to protect your information against unauthorized access, theft, and loss. We restrict access to your information to those employees who need to know that information to perform their job functions.
Although we take precautions intended to help protect information that we process, no system or electronic data transmission is completely secure. Any transmission of your information is at your own risk and we expect that you will use appropriate security measures to protect your personal information.
You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and the information in your account. We may suspend your use of all or part of the Services without notice if we suspect or detect any breach of security. You understand and agree that we may deliver electronic notifications about breaches of security to the e-mail address on record on your account.
If you believe that your account or information is no longer secure, please notify us immediately at privacy@informationbuilders.com (U.S. users) or EuropeanDPO@informationbuilders.com (for users outside the U.S.).
We will retain your personal information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law. The criteria used to determine our retention periods include:
The length of time we have an ongoing relationship with you and provide services to you (for example, for as long as you have an account with us or keep using the Services)
Whether there is a legal obligation to which we are subject (for example, certain laws require us to keep records of your transactions for a certain period of time before we can delete them)
Whether retention is advisable considering our legal position (such as, for statutes of limitations, litigation, or regulatory investigations).
Cross-Border Data Transfers
Sharing of information sometimes involves cross-border data transfers to or from the United States of America and other jurisdictions. For example, when the Services are available to users in the European Economic Area (“EEA”), personal data is transferred to the United States. We use the EU-US and Swiss-US Privacy Shield and standard contractual clauses approved by the European Commission to validate transfers of EEA residents’ personal information from the EEA to other countries. For more information about our Privacy Shield certification, please read our Privacy Shield Policy. Standard contractual clauses are commitments between companies transferring personal information of EEA residents to protect the privacy and security of the transferred personal information.
Your Choices About Your Information
Device permissions: Mobile Device operating systems have permission systems for specific types of device data, such as phone book and location services, and so-called push notifications. You can change the settings on your Device to consent or decline the collection of data or the display of the notifications, but certain Services may lose full functionality when you do. You also can stop all information collection by our mobile application by uninstalling it from your Device.
If you would like to review, correct, update, suppress, restrict, or delete personal data as defined in our Privacy Shield Policy that you have previously provided to us, or if you would like to receive an electronic copy of your personal data for purposes of transmitting it to another company (if this right to data portability is provided to you by law), please contact us using the contact information below.
In your request, please make clear what personal data you would like to have changed, whether you would like to have your personal data suppressed from our database, or other limitations you would like to put on our use of your personal data. For your protection, we will verify your identity before fulfilling your request. We will try to comply with your request as soon as reasonably practicable.
Please note that we often need to retain certain data for record-keeping purposes and our databases and other records may have residual data that we will not remove. We also may not allow you to review or delete certain data for legal, security, or other reasons.
If at any time you believe that the Services have not adhered to this Privacy Policy, please let us know. We will use good faith efforts to determine and correct the problem.
If you are an EEA resident, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a data protection authority about how we process your personal information. Please also see our Privacy Shield Policy.
Children’s Privacy
Information Builders respects the privacy of your child and we want to share with you our policies regarding children under the age of thirteen (13). Although Users of all ages may navigate through the Services, we do not knowingly collect personal information from anyone under age thirteen (13). If we learn that a child under age thirteen (13) has improperly provided us with information, we will notify the child’s parent or legal guardian and thereafter delete the child’s personal information from our records.
Supplementary Data Protection Notices for Our Facebook Fan Page
Within the framework of our Facebook fan page (available at: https://www.facebook.com/informationbuilders) you also have the opportunity to inform yourself about our services or to contact and interact with us. Our Facebook fan page is provided on the basis of the agreement made with Facebook (Facebook Ireland Ltd., 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland) on the joint processing of personal data pursuant to Art. 26 DSGVO (“Page Insights Supplement regarding the Responsible Person“). Under this provision, we cannot make or implement any decisions ourselves regarding the processing of Insights data. Facebook assumes the primary responsibility under the DSGVO for the processing of Insights Data and the fulfilment of all obligations under the DSGVO with respect to the processing of Insights Data. We would like to point out that when you visit the Facebook fan page, data from you as a user outside the EU can be processed. The participating Facebook, Inc. has committed itself as a privacy shield certified US provider to comply with the data protection standards of the EU:
https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt0000000GnywAAC&status=Active (status: 3/8/2019). Your data can be processed for market research and advertising purposes, for example by creating user profiles from the interests arising from your usage behaviour and using them to place
advertisements. Cookies are usually stored on your computer for this purpose.
Your California Privacy Rights
If you are a California resident, you can request a notice disclosing the categories of personal information about you that we have shared with third parties for their direct marketing purposes during the preceding calendar year. To request this notice, please submit your request to:
Information Builders
2 Penn Plaza
New York, NY 10121
212-736-4433
privacy@informationbuilders.com
Please allow up to 30 days for a response.
Links to Other Websites and Services
The Services may include links to third-party websites and services that are not operated by us. When you click on these links, you will be directed away from the Services. A link to a third-party website or service does not mean that we endorse it, or the quality or accuracy of information presented on it. If you decide to visit a third-party website or service, you are subject to its privacy practices and policies, not ours. This Privacy Policy does not apply to any personal information that you provide to these other websites and services.
Questions?
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this website, please see our privacy statement feedback form or contact our privacy officer at privacy@informationbuilders.com (U.S. users) or EuropeanDPO@informationbuilders.com for users outside the U.S.).