https://www.stayinfront.com/consumer-goods-crm/how-we-help/
Close
' . _x( 'Search for:', 'label' ) . '
This site uses cookies to improve user experiences. Cookies are used to collect information to optimize site functionality, remember form entries and provide tailored content. Click “Accept Cookies” to provide consent for the use of cookies, or click here to learn more about our updated privacy policy and cookie policy.
X
Accept Cookies
Your browser does not support HTML5 video.
MORE
Productivity. Visibility. Sales.
MORE
Productivity. Visibility. Sales.
Consumer Goods Home
How We Help
Do More In Field – Mobile Field Force Solutions – Retail Execution, DSD – Van Sales
Do More In Office – Mobile Sales Force Automation, Field Force Management
Know More In Field – Mobile CRM Analytics – Retail Execution, DSD – Van Sales
Know More In Office – Mobile CRM Analytics – Retail Execution, DSD – Van Sales
Why StayinFront
Products/Services
Solutions
Retail Execution Solutions for CPG Field Teams
Mobile Field Solutions
Mobile Retail Execution
Direct Store Delivery and Van Sales
Field Force Management
Distributor Retail Management
In-Store Selling
StayinFront Insight
EPoS Data Insights
StayinFront Digital
Modules
Resources
Promotions
Sales Force Automation Solutions
StayinFront offers mobile field force solutions that support traditional and modern trade, from big box stores to small independents. Your field teams will be able to complete work more efficiently with guided workflows & instant access to information from across the organization.
Companies, from small FMCG independents to multi-national organizations are generating results with StayinFront retail execution, field force management, van sales/direct store delivery (DSD), retail distributor management and in-store selling solutions.
Do More
Field teams can complete more work in less time with simplified streamlined retail
execution
Know More
Managers and field reps access and share customer history, current store conditions, issues and competitive activity
Sell More
Field reps are armed with powerful mobile selling tools that help deliver compelling sales pitches
Get More Done in Every Visit
Empower your field teams with the tools, processes and data to complete more work in less time. Simplified processes and automated routine tasks accelerate retail execution to save time and improve accuracy.
Consistent Retail Execution for a Perfect Store
Establish guided workflows using your own sales processes and best practices, optimized and tailored to that specific visit.
Configure System to Match Needs of Field Teams
Role-based configuration lets you tailor the system so each user has only the relevant data and functions they need to do their job.
Fast, reliable and cost efficient view of the shelf
Digital merchandising
integration speeds up in-store auditing process and captures
more accurate data on distribution, out of stocks, share of shelf and compliance.
Build Trust with Perfect Orders Every Time
Quote current prices and discounts for each visit. Scan on-screen barcodes, capture electronic signatures and submit accurate orders on-the-spot.
Monitor, Measure and Optimize Field Performance with 360° Visibility
Track real-time data on store conditions, competitive activities and field performance. Easy to understand dashboards and KPIs let management and field reps view performance against target goals and take immediate steps to improve results.
Timely, Secure 2-Way Communication
StayinFront's secure 2-way communication lets managers and field teams easily share information, competitive activity and best practices to improve performance.
Identify Trends and Respond Quickly
Built-in analytics lets managers and reps drill down into data from internal and external sources to identify trends, respond quickly and set new actions in motion.
Comprehensive View of Business and Field Operations
Get real time data on store conditions, field performance and competitive activities. Know where field reps are, what they have done, what they will do next and progress on scheduled activities.
Transform Retail Execution into Fact-Based
In-Store Selling
Field teams get faster decisions using powerful presentation and selling tools that deliver dynamic, customized presentations incorporating store-specific data with multimedia.
Sell More with Dynamic Data
Access store level and market data to show "what if" substitution scenarios and calculate ROI with StayinFront PitchBook.
Close More Opportunities and Sales
Support in-store pitches, place orders on the spot by scanning on-screen barcodes.
Analyze and Improve Results
Gather metrics about past pitches to determine what’s working. Use this information to refine your pitch to keep it fresh and relevant in changing field conditions.
Touch Analytics
Data analysis made easy
Users can dynamically explore and analyze data stored in the system and from external
data sources, respond to adhoc inquiries with accurate and timely answers, see results
quickly and set new actions in motion.
PitchBook
Dynamic, data-driven selling
Users can easily launch dynamic, customized presentations in store, combining actual
POS data, store conditions and multi-media for engaging and compelling pitches.
Promotions
Drive selling effort
Communicate all related promotional tasks and compliance checks, as well as enabling
forecasting volume and securing orders to drive selling and measure compliance.
Opportunities
Add and track new sales opportunities
Enables field reps and managers to add and track the achievement of new selling
opportunities in each store. The results of these selling efforts can then be tracked
and measured with StayinFront Analytics and KPIs.
Pricing & Orders
Perfect order every time
Easy access to all critical order creation data – relevant price lists, billing
accounts, promotional pricing, discounts, free goods and tax rules - while in the
field and offline from the server.
KPIs
Establish, track and evaluate progress
A performance management tool, displays visually captivating graphics to let users
define their own KPIs, track them over time and action trends and results.
Dashboards
User-friendly configurable views
Combines navigation elements, such as calendar summaries and task lists, with informational
elements like messages. Analytics views can be embedded and used interactively inside
the dashboard.
Sales & Scan Data
User-friendly configurable views
Sales and scan data can be viewed several ways as store summary information, in
Analytics reports, and the basis for account/outlet level KPIs and can be easily
used to support fact-based selling.
Mobile On-Demand Receipts
Print out receipts on the spot
Generate and print out orders, invoices, credit memos and payment receipts on mobile
Bluetooth printers.
E-Signature
Electronic signature verification
Capture one or more signatures for electronic record of order and delivery.
Order Entry
Feed orders directly into ERP
Orders taken in the field are automatically uploaded into the home office ERP system.
Offline Pricing Engine
Perfect orders every time
Reps can quote and submit accurate orders with complex discount structure without
an internet connection.