http://www.magictweak.com/privacy.php
Efreesky Software Privacy Policy
We want you to know that we take your privacy seriously. We collect industry standard information to help us provide you with better software and services as described below.
Personal InformationWe will ask you for limited personal information when you download our software from our website, and when you purchase and register our software. For example, we may ask you for your e-mail address, your name, company name, address, and credit card billing information.
We use your e-mail address to send registration reminders, and to notify you of new software releases, updates, special offers, news, and possibly to send investor communications. For your convenience, each announcement contains instructions on how to be removed from all future mailings. You may also e-mail us at support@magictweak.com and ask to have your e-mail address removed from future mailings.
We use your name and other personal information to identify you as a registered user in order to give you the full benefits of registration including technical support and upgrade eligibility.
We use your credit card billing information only to obtain payment for our software.
Non-personal Information
Web Visit:
When you visit our web site, our server logs your IP address, the time and duration of your visit, and the time and duration of the pages on our web site that you view.
This information is used to generate aggregate statistical data that we use to measure interest in our web pages.
We do not tie this information to any personally identifiable information that we collect.
User Surveys:
Your participation in surveys is optional. We may ask you for information regarding your experience with our software or web sites, or to provide demographic information such as age, gender, or areas of interest. We use this information to help us improve our software, plan marketing initiatives, and develop new products that may interest you. We collect this information in a completely anonymous way so that it cannot be tied to any personally identifiable information.
Sharing of Information with Third Parties
We will not disclose your personally identifiable information except as follows:
To protect Efreesky Software and others. We may release personal information and IP addresses when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, to enforce our software licenses and other rights, or to protect the rights and safety of others. This may include exchanging information with law enforcement agencies, or with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
To persons who help us provide our products and services to you. We may provide personal and other information to third parties who work for us, such as companies that verify credit card information, process credit card payments, fulfill orders, provide customer service, analyze customer data, remove repetitive information from customer lists, and provide marketing services. We do not permit these persons to use this information for any other purpose.
We may send promotional messages on behalf of other companies. If we do this, we will not provide them with your personal information.
We do not share your personally identifiable information with third parties under other circumstances. If we ever wish to share your personally identifiable information with third parties under other circumstances, we will give you a chance to opt out before we do so.
We may share non-personally identifiable aggregate statistical information about our users with third parties.
Children's Online Privacy Protection
Neither our web sites nor our products are designed for or directed to children under the age of 13, and we will not intentionally maintain information about anyone under the age of 13.
Contact Information
If you have a concern about your privacy, please contact us at support@magictweak.com.
Home  |  Order  |  Download  |  Support  |  Awards  |  Contact  |  Partner  |  Links
Copyright ©2000-2020
Efreesky Software.
All Rights Reserved. Privacy
Policy