https://www.jolt.co.uk/terms/
Web Hosting
Reseller Hosting
VPS Hosting
Dedicated Servers
Magento Cloud Hosting
Support
Client Area login
This is an agreement between Host Lincoln Limited who trade as www.jolt.co.uk. Host Lincoln Limited is registered in England and Wales, Company No. 06111631, VAT No. GB 994 2903 80
Our registered office is located at:
Host Lincoln Ltd T/A Jolt.co.uk, Halifax House, 30-34 George Street, Hull, HU1 3AJ, United Kingdom.
In this Agreement “You” and “Your” refer to you or any agent, employee, servant or person authorized to act on your behalf. “We”, “Us” and “Our” refer to Host Lincoln Limited as well as its subsidiaries and sister companies (collectively, “Jolt”). This Agreement explains our obligations to you, and explains your obligations to us for various services offered by Jolt. When you use your account or permit someone else to use it to purchase or otherwise acquire access to additional Jolt service(s) or products or to cancel your Jolt services (even if we were not notified of such authorization), this Agreement covers such service or actions.
1. Term of Agreement; Modification. You agree that Jolt may modify this Agreement and the services it offers to You from time to time. You agree to be bound by any changes Jolt may reasonably make to this Agreement when such changes are made. If You have purchased services or products from Jolt, the term of this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect as long as You take advantage of and use the products or services.
2. Accurate Information. You agree to maintain accurate information by providing updates to Jolt, as needed, while You are using Jolt’s products and services. You agree You will notify Jolt within five (5) business days when any change of the information You provided as part of the application and/or registration process changes. Failure by You, for whatever reason, to respond within five (5) business days to any inquiries made by Jolt to determine the validity of information provided by You will constitute a material breach of this Agreement. If You provide any information that is inaccurate, not current, false, misleading or incomplete, or if Jolt has reasonable grounds to suspect that Your information is inaccurate, not current, false, misleading or incomplete, Jolt has the absolute right, in its sole discretion, to terminate its Services and close Your account.
3. Privacy. You can view Jolt’s Privacy Policy, which is incorporated herein by reference, as it is applicable to all Jolt products and services. The Privacy Policy sets out Your rights and Jolt’s responsibilities with regard to Your personal information. Jolt will not use Your information in any way inconsistent with the purposes and limitations provided in the Privacy Policy.
4. Prohibited Activities:
You agree not to engage in unacceptable use of any of Jolt products and/or services, which includes, without limitation, use of Jolt products and/or services to: (i) disseminate or transmit unsolicited messages, chain letters, unsolicited commercial email or unreasonably large volumes of email on a daily basis, provided, Jolt, in its sole discretion, may permit You, if You have a legitimate purpose and after written request, to send more email than Jolt’s standard SMTP relay limit; (ii) disseminate or transmit any material that, to a reasonable person may be abusive, obscene, pornographic, defamatory, harassing, grossly offensive, vulgar, threatening or malicious; (iii) disseminate or transmit files, graphics, software or other material, data or work that actually or potentially infringes the copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret or other intellectual property right of any person; (iv) create a false identity or to otherwise attempt to mislead any person as to the identity, source or origin of any communication; (v) export, re-export or permit downloading of any message or content in violation of any export or import law, regulation or restriction of the United States and its agencies or authorities, or without all required approvals, licenses and/or exemptions; (vi) interfere, disrupt or attempt to gain unauthorized access to any computer system, server, network or account for which You do not have authorization to access or at a level exceeding Your authorization; (vii) disseminate or transmit any virus, trojan horse or other malicious, harmful or disabling data, work, code or program; (viii) engage in any other activity deemed by Jolt to be in conflict with the spirit or intent of this Agreement or any Jolt policy; or (ix) use Your server as an “open relay” or similar purposes. This includes but is not limited to pirated software, hacking programs or archives, warez and mp3 sites and IRC bots. Jolt is the sole arbiter as to what constitutes a violation of this provision.Violations of system or network security are prohibited, and may result in criminal and civil liability. Examples include, but are not limited to the following: unauthorized access, use, probe, or scan of a systems security or authentication measures, data or traffic. Interference with service to any user, host or network including, without limitation, mail bombing, flooding, deliberate attempts to overload a system and broadcast attacks. Forging of any TCP-IP packet header or any part of the header information in an e-mail or a newsgroup posting.It is a violation for anyone to employ posts or programs which consume excessive CPU time or storage space; permits the use of mail services, mail forwarding capabilities, POP accounts, or auto responders other than for the user’s own account; or resell access to CGI scripts installed on our servers. Jolt.co.uk prohibits the running of a public recursive DNS service on any Jolt server. All recursive DNS servers must be secured to allow only Internet network access or a limited set of IP addresses. Jolt actively scans for the presence of public DNS services and reserves the right to remove any servers from the network that violate this restriction.You are responsible for ensuring that there is no excessive overloading of Jolt’s DNS system or servers. In the event that You exceed Your allotted bandwidth and thereby overload Jolt’s DNS or servers, You shall be assessed any and all fees, costs and penalties associated with such overloading. You may not use Jolt’s servers and Your Server Account as a source, intermediary, reply to address, or destination address for mail bombs, Internet packet flooding, packet corruption, denial of service, or other abusive activities. Server hacking or other perpetration of security breaches is prohibited and Jolt reserves the right to immediately remove sites that contain information about hacking or links to such information. Use of your server account as an anonymous gateway is prohibited, as is Your use of Jolt products and/or services to restrict or inhibit any other user from using and enjoying the Internet. You acknowledge and agree that Jolt has the right to remove Your server content temporarily or permanently from its dedicated servers if Jolt is the recipient of activities that threaten the stability of its network.You agree not to provide free services such as free hosting, free subdomains or free email accounts. Account holders found violating this section will be terminated immediately and all payments forfeited.
5. Storage and Security. At all times, You shall bear full risk of loss and damage to Your server and all of Your server content. You are entirely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of Your password and account information. You acknowledge and agree that You are solely responsible for all acts, omissions and use under and charges incurred with Your account or password or in connection with the server or any of Your server content displayed, linked, transmitted through or stored on the server. You shall be solely responsible for undertaking measures to: (i) prevent any loss or damage to Your server content; (ii) maintain independent archival and backup copies of Your server content; (iii) ensure the security, confidentiality and integrity of Your server content transmitted through or stored on Jolt servers; and (iv) ensure the confidentiality of Your password. Jolt’s servers are not an archive and Jolt shall have no liability to You or any other person for loss, damage or destruction of any of Your content. The services offered by Jolt are not intended to provide a PCI (Payment Card Industry) compliant environment and therefore should not be utilized as such without further compliance activity. Jolt shall have no liability to You or any other person for Your use of Jolt products and/or services in violation of these terms.
6. Non-exclusive License. If You have licensed software from Jolt, Jolt grants You a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable and non-assignable license to use the software for such purposes as are ordinary and customary. You are free to use the software on any computer, but not on two or more computers at one time. You agree to not alter or modify the software. You agree You are not authorized to combine the software with any other software program, create derivative works based upon the software, nor are You authorized to integrate any plug-in or enhancement which uses or relies upon the software. You further agree not to reverse engineer, decompile or otherwise attempt to uncover the source code. Jolt reserves all rights to the software. The software and any copies You are authorized to make are the intellectual property of Jolt. The source code and its organization are the exclusive property of Jolt and the software is protected by copyright law. Except as expressly provided for in this section, this Agreement does not grant You any rights in the software and all rights are reserved by Jolt. Any such software and services are provided to You “as is” without warranty of any kind either express or implied, including but not limited to the implied warranties or conditions of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose.
7. Jolt Account. Jolt will host an account for You corresponding with the purchased, leased or provided domain name(s) and for the period of time corresponding with the payment plan chosen by You. The contract will automatically renew at the end of The Term unless otherwise specified by You. Once the account cancellation request is received and we process the request as per the account holders consent, the agreement between You and Jolt is officially terminated. We reserve the right to remove the account from the web server at any time thereafter. Jolt will NOT host the site for any time period left once the cancellation request has been received and processed. It is Your responsibility to make sure that You and Your respective clients have access to all their files and relevant data before initiating the cancellation request. Jolt shall not be responsible for any loss of data once the account recurring billing has been cancelled.
8. Legal Purposes. The web hosting and reseller hosting account and/or related electronic services can only be used for legal purposes under all applicable international, federal, provincial, and municipal laws. The intent of Jolt is to provide space to serve web documents, not as an off- site storage area for electronic files and is governed by our Disk Usage Provision, set out in Section 10 of the Acceptable Use Policy. Violations of these or any other provisions of this Agreement may result in termination of the services provided by Jolt, with or without the grant of a notice or cure period, such notice or cure period to be granted at the sole discretion of Jolt based upon the severity of the violation. Jolt reserves the right to refuse service if any of the content within, or any links from, the Account Holder’s website is deemed illegal, misleading, or obscene, or is otherwise in breach of Jolt’s then current Acceptable Use Policy, in the sole and absolute opinion of Jolt.
9. Rates and Prices. You acknowledge that the nature of the service furnished and the rates and charges have been communicated to You. You are aware that Jolt reserves the right to change the specified rates and charges from time to time.
10. Account Use. You agree to follow generally accepted rules of “Netiquette” when sending e-mail messages or posting to newsgroups. You are responsible for security of your password. Jolt will not change passwords to any account without proof of identification, which is satisfactory to Jolt, which may include written authorization with signature. In the event of any partnership break-up, divorce or other legal problems that includes You, You understand that Jolt will remain neutral and may put the account on hold until the situation has been resolved. Under no circumstances will Jolt be liable for any losses incurred by You during this time of determination of ownership, or otherwise. The You agree to indemnify and hold harmless Jolt from any and all claims arising from such ownership disputes.
11. Safe Use. You agree not to harm Jolt, its reputation, computer systems, programming and/or other persons using Jolt services. Jolt reserves the right to select the server for Account Holder’s website for best performance. You understand that the services provided by Jolt are provided on a shared server. In order to keep our servers running at optimal levels, any sites running a process that uses more than 25% of all available system resources for 60 seconds or longer will be required to move up to VPS Hosting or Dedicated Server solution, or to be hosted elsewhere. This upgrade may result in an automatic upgrade to a higher-level pricing plan corresponding with the elevated use requirements. Alternatively, Jolt reserves the right to suspend services on that specific account until the higher usage may be accommodated. A failure by You to agree to and comply with the terms of this provision may result in the termination of the services provided to You without any refunds of the unused prepaid portion of the fees.
12. Third Party Content. If You elect to sell or resell advertising or web space to a third party then You will be responsible for the contents of that advertising and the actions of that third party. Jolt has the absolute right to reject any advertising or other third party content that is illegal, offensive or otherwise in breach of the then current Jolt policy or agreement. Such content may result in the suspension or in the immediate termination of Your account. You are responsible for monitoring all domain transfers, renewal and orders. In the event that an error occurs the account holder must notify Jolt immediately of the error. In no event shall Jolt be liable to the Account Holder for any damages resulting from or related to any failure or delay of domain registration, transfer or renewal.
13. Domain Lease. Jolt’s “Free Domain for Life” service offers You a free domain name for the active life of the web hosting or reseller account that should be hosted on Jolt servers. The domain name is registered under Jolt’s name, owned by Jolt, is the property of Jolt, and is managed by Jolt on Your behalf. Jolt employs privacy protection services provided by WhoisGuard on all domain names. Jolt may substitute the client’s information into the whois database upon client request. Free domain names must be hosted on the servers of Jolt only. At any time you will have the option of taking full control over the domain name for a onetime fee of £12.00.
14. Fees, Payment and Refund. As consideration for the products and/or services purchased by You and provided to You by Jolt, You agree to pay Jolt at the time You order. All fees are due immediately and are non-refundable unless otherwise expressly noted, even if Your services are suspended, terminated, or transferred prior to the end of the term of service. Jolt expressly reserves the right to modify pricing through email notification and/or notice on its website. You may receive a refund within the initial 45 days after sign up if you cancel a web hosting, business or reseller hosting account. If you cancel a VPS hosting account, you may receive a refund within the initial 30 days after sign up. If the account holder cancels after the time period specified, there will be no refund given. Refunds do NOT apply to dedicated servers, dedicated IP addresses, SSL certificates, WHMCS, cPanel, VPS/dedicated server management or domain registration related fees. Important: If the client cancels within the first 45 days and has registered new domain names with us during this time period, Jolt will charge the client a one time fee of £8.00 per domain name if he/she does not wish to continue with the domain name transfer, at a cost of £12.00 per one domain transfer. These terms are in place to prevent abuse of our free domain name(s) service.
15. Billing. If You signed up for a monthly payment plan, Your monthly billing date will be determined based on the day of the month You purchase the products or services. If that date falls after the 28th of the month, then Your billing date will be the 28th of each month. If You signed up for an annual (or longer) payment plan, and You elected the automatic renewal option, Jolt will automatically renew Your services when they come up for renewal and will take payment in accordance with the designated payment method at Jolt’s then current rates.
If for any reason Jolt is unable to charge Your account for the full amount owed Jolt for the products and/or services provided, or if Jolt is charged a penalty for any fee it previously charged to You, You agree that Jolt may pursue all available remedies in order to obtain payment. If You pay by credit card and if for any reason Jolt is unable to charge Your credit card with the full amount of the services provided, or if Jolt is charged back for any fee it previously charged to the credit card You provided, You agree that Jolt may pursue all available remedies in order to obtain payment. You agree that among the remedies Jolt may pursue in order to effect payment, shall include but will not be limited to, immediate cancellation without notice to You of any domain names or products and/or services registered or renewed on Your behalf. Jolt reserves the right to charge a reasonable administrative fee for administrative tasks outside the scope of its regular services, including additional costs that it may incur in providing the services and pass these costs along to You.
16. Affiliate Program Terms:
All commissions are 1-time payout.Payout levels vary on a monthly basis depending on how many customers you refer to us.Payouts are made at the end of each month for active orders older than 45 days of the moneyback guarantee period.
17. While main purchases are processed in GBP (£), Jolt may provide an estimated conversion price to currencies other than GBP (£). You acknowledge and agree that the pricing displayed during the checkout process is an estimate. Due to potential slight time delays between actual purchase and the payment settlement, the actual price charged may fluctuate. Accordingly, Jolt makes no representations or warranties that the actual price will be the same or substantially similar to the actual price You will pay and You waive any and all claims based upon any discrepancy between the estimate and the actual price. In addition, you may be charged VAT, based on the country indicated in Your billing address section. Any amounts to be charged will appear during the checkout process.
18. Data. In this section and section 19 “Personal Data” refers to data which relates to a living individual who can be identified from that data; and “DPL” refers to the data protection legislation being(i) the Data Protection Act 1998, until the effective date of its repeal (ii) the General Data Protection Regulation ((EU) 2016/679) (GDPR) and any national implementing laws, regulations and secondary legislation, for so long as the GDPR is effective in the UK, and (iii) any successor legislation to the Data Protection Act 1998 and the GDPR, in particular the Data Protection Bill 2017-2019, once it becomes law.
We will comply with all applicable requirements of DPL. This section 18. is in addition to, and does not relieve, remove or replace, a party’s obligation under DPL. We shall not use the Personal Data for any purpose other than for processing as is necessary for this agreement. Section 19 sets out the scope, nature and purpose of processing by us, the duration of the processing and the types of Personal Data and categories of data subjects. Without prejudice to the generality of this section 18, we shall, in relation to any Personal Data processed in connection with the performance by us of our obligations under this agreement: process that Personal Data only on the written instructions of you unless we are required by the laws of any member of the European Union or by the laws of England (Applicable Laws). Where we are relying on Applicable Laws as the basis for processing Personal Data, we shall promptly notify you of this before performing the processing required by the Applicable Laws unless those Applicable Laws prohibit us from so notifying you; ensure that we has in place appropriate technical and organisational measures, to protect against unauthorised or unlawful processing of Personal Data and against accidental loss or destruction of, or damage to, Personal Data, appropriate to the harm that might result from the unauthorised or unlawful processing or accidental loss, destruction or damage and the nature of the data to be protected, having regard to the state of technological development and the cost of implementing any measures; ensure that all personnel who have access to and/or process Personal Data are obliged to keep the Personal Data confidential; notify you without undue delay on becoming aware of a Personal Data breach; not transfer any Personal Data outside of the European Economic Area without your prior written consent and we have complied with DPL; at the written direction of you, delete or return Personal Data and copies thereof to you on termination of this agreement unless required by Applicable Law to store the Personal Data; maintain complete and accurate records and information to demonstrate its compliance with this section 18; and not use a third party processor to process the Personal Data under this agreement.
19. Data Processing.
Scope: the processing of Personal Data wholly or partly by automated means and manual processing if the Personal Data forms part of a filing system, or is intended to form part of a filing system.
Nature: to use, copy and store the Personal Data solely to perform this agreement.
Purpose of processing: to provide the services under this agreement.
Duration of processing: We will only retain your name, address, email address and phone number for 365 days following expiry or termination of this agreement. Any technical personal data such as access logs is retained for 30 days. Your financial information will only be retained during the term of this agreement. In some circumstances we may anonymise your Personal Data so that it can no longer be associated with you.
Types of personal data: Name; Address; Email address; Bank details;
Categories of data subject: Adults
Further details of our data processing can be found in our privacy policy.
20. Limitation of Liability; Waiver and Release. The services offered by Jolt are being provided on an “AS IS” and Jolt expressly disclaims any and all warranties, whether express or implied, including without limitation any implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose, to the fullest extent permitted or authorized by law. Without limitation of the foregoing, Jolt expressly does not warrant that the Jolt products and/or services will meet Your requirements, function as intended, or that the use of the provided services will be uninterrupted or error free. In no event shall Jolt be liable for any or all direct, indirect, incidental, special, exemplary or consequential damages (including, but not limited to, procurement of substitute goods or services; loss of use, data, or profits; or business interruption) however caused and on any theory of liability, whether in contract, strict liability, or tort (including, but not limited to, negligence or otherwise) arising in any way out of the use of the services, even if Jolt is aware of or has been advised of the possibility of such damages.
21. Indemnification. Accordingly, You for Yourself and all of Your heirs, personal representatives, predecessors, successors and assigns, hereby fully release, remise, and forever discharge Jolt and all affiliates of Jolt, and all officers, agents, employees, and representatives of Jolt, and all of their heirs, personal representatives, predecessors, successors and assigns, for, from and against any and all claims, liens, demands, causes of action, controversies, offsets, obligations, losses, damages and liabilities of every kind and character whatsoever, including, but not limited to, any action omission, misrepresentation or other basis of liability founded either in tort or contract and the duties arising thereunder, whether known or unknown, relating to or arising out of, or in any way connected with or resulting from, the products and services and Your acquisition and use thereof, including, but not limited to, the provision of the Jolt products and/or services by Jolt and its agents and employees. Further, You agree to defend, indemnify and hold Jolt harmless from any loss, liability, damages or expense, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, arising out of any breach of any representation or warranty provided herein, any negligence or wilful misconduct by You, or any allegation that Your account infringes a third person’s copyright, trademark or proprietary or intellectual property right, or misappropriates a third person’s trade secrets. This indemnification is in addition to any indemnification required of You elsewhere. Should Jolt be notified of a pending law suit, or receive notice of the filing of a law suit, Jolt may seek a written confirmation from You concerning Your obligation to defend, indemnify Jolt. Your failure to provide such a confirmation may be considered a breach of this agreement. You agree that Jolt shall have the right to participate in the defence of any such claim through counsel of its own choosing. You agree to notify Jolt of any such claim promptly in writing and to allow Jolt to control the proceedings. You agree to cooperate fully with Jolt during such proceedings.
22. Termination. You agree that You will be responsible for notifying Jolt should You desire to terminate Your use of Jolt’s Services. Notification of Your intent to terminate must be provided to Jolt no earlier than 10 days prior to Your billing date but no later than three days prior to Your billing date.
23. Notices. You agree that any notices required to be given under this Agreement by us to you will be deemed to have been given if delivered in accordance with the account and/or domain name WHOIS information you have provided.
24. Legal Age. You attest that you are of legal age to enter into this Agreement.
25. Final Agreement. This Agreement, together with all modifications, constitute the complete and exclusive agreement between you and us, and supersede and govern all prior proposals, agreements, or other communications. This Agreement may not be amended or modified by you except by means of a written document signed by both you and an authorized representative of us.
26. No Agency Relationship. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be construed as creating any agency, partnership, or other form of joint enterprise between the parties hereto. Each party shall ensure that the foregoing persons shall not represent to the contrary, either expressly, implicitly, by appearance or otherwise.
27. Waiver. The failure of us to require your performance of any provision hereof shall not affect the full right to require such performance at any time thereafter; nor shall the waiver by us of a breach of any provision hereof be taken or held to be a waiver of the provision itself.
28. Enforceability. In the event that any provision of this Agreement shall be unenforceable or invalid under any applicable law or be so held by applicable court decision, such unenforceability or invalidity shall not render this Agreement unenforceable or invalid as a whole. We will amend or replace such provision with one that is valid and enforceable and which achieves, to the extent possible, our original objectives and intent as reflected in the original provision.
29. Assignment and Resale. Except as otherwise set forth herein, your rights under this Agreement are not assignable or transferable. Any attempt by your creditors to obtain an interest in your rights under this Agreement, whether by attachment, levy, garnishment or otherwise, renders this Agreement voidable at our option. You agree not to reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell or otherwise exploit for any commercial purposes any of the Services (or portion thereof) without Jolt’s prior express written consent.
30. Force Majeure. Neither party shall be deemed in default hereunder, nor shall it hold the other party responsible for, any cessation, interruption or delay in the performance of its obligations hereunder due to causes beyond its control including, but not limited to: earthquake; flood; fire; storm; natural disaster; act of God; war; terrorism; armed conflict; labour strike; lockout; boycott; supplier failures, shortages, breaches, or delays; or any law, order regulation, direction, action or request of the government, including any federal, state and local governments having or claiming jurisdiction over Jolt, or of any department, agency, commission, bureau, corporation or other instrumentality of any federal, state, or local government, or of any civil or military authority; or any other cause or circumstance, whether of a similar or dissimilar nature to the foregoing, beyond the reasonable control of the affected party, provided that the party relying upon this section (i) shall have given the other party written notice thereof promptly and, in any event, within five (5) days of discovery thereof and (ii) shall take all steps reasonably necessary under the circumstances to mitigate the effects of the force majeure event upon which such notice is based; provided further, that in the event a force majeure event described in this Section extends for a period in excess of thirty (30) days in the aggregate, Jolt may immediately terminate this Agreement.
31. Headings. The section headings appearing in this Agreement are inserted only as a matter of convenience and in no way define, limit, construe or describe the scope or extent of such section or in any way affect such section.
This document was last revised on 23rd May 2018.
Choose the Best Web Hosting in the UK from Jolt
Get Started Now
This site uses cookies for visitor tracking. Please confirm your consent by clicking "I agree" button. Thank you. Find out more.I agree