https://www.computer-show.com/privacy-policy/
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
We Take Your Privacy Seriously!
We value your privacy and have written this Privacy Policy to let you know our dedication to protecting your privacy. You also have a right to know how your information is used. This Privacy Policy is for and by Computer-show.com and all related pages contained in the website. All information you give to us at our web site is held in strict confidence and will not be used in any unauthorized ways.
Information:Computer-show.com requires you to provide contact information, including your email address, to complete the online purchase process.Computer-show.comwill utilize your email address to update you about our company and your account. Your email address will also be used to provide you information when necessary. Computer-show.com does not sell or share your information anyone, any 3rd party service, at any time under any circumstances.
Security:Computer-show.com has security measures to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. We are very careful in handling your personal information. Computer-show.com does not divulge private customer information to third parties or partners at any time or under any circumstance. However, this site may or may not provide forums, message boards, and/or news groups for customers to use. Any information provided in these public forums is not protected and becomes public information. You should be very careful what information you divulge in these public forums. We may feature third party banner ads which may contain cookies used by the advertiser; however we do not have access to this information.
Future Mailings:In the normal course of business, we may provide you mailings about available products and services. However, first you must give us permission to opt in and we provide you the opportunity to opt-out from receiving these mailings. Any questions regarding the privacy policy please call us at 702-751-0830.
×
OK
Newsletter Signup
Email Address