http://www.pcez.com.au/terms
call us now
Brisbane
0412919509
0
Toggle navigation
Home
About Us
Services
Computer / Laptop / Tablet repairs
Virus Removal
Computer Parts
Cabling / Network Design & Implementation
IT Support to businesses in Canberra / Brisbane
Data Recovery
Website design/development
Shop
Contact Us
Terms and Conditions
Price:
Price, specifications and terms are subject to change without notice. PCEZ Computers is not responsible for typographical and/or photographical errors. Shipping cost may apply to local pickup with some items.
Payment:
We accept cash, eftpos, credit card, cheque and internet banking (both cheque and internet banking may be subject to clearance). Partial payment is required at the time of order. In the case of denial of remaining payment, action will be taken as provided by the law. A $50 Fee will apply to each bounced Cheque to cover bank fees and book keeping.
Returns:
We may not accept returns, refund or exchange for any item wrongly ordered, if we do 30% re-stocking fee will apply (this is passed on to our supplier).
Indemnity:
Clients assume all risk for loss of data from any and all causes related to or resulting from the sales, repair, or free support by PCEZ Computers. You agree to indemnify and will keep PCEZ Computers indemnified against any claim, demand, injury, damage, loss, expense, cost or liability (whether direct or indirect) made against or suffered by PCEZ Computers.
For your own piece of mined we may keep additional back-up of your data for two weeks or longer. This service can not be guaranteed and clients hereby release PCEZ Computers from any claim or liability related to any loss of data. Please be sure you take or have full back up of your data before purchasing our services.
PCEZ Computers will not be responsible for any items left on our premises longer than 30 days from the date of the service request.
Warranties:
Computer systems built by us carry a 12 months "Return To Base" parts and labour warranty (freight is not included). All parts which are not installed by our staff, are only covered by Manufacturer warranty (freight is not included) .
All other warranties are Return To Base.( This means you must bring the computer / parts to us at your own expense) Unless we have written agreement for on-site warranty.
Manufacturer warranty, (means warranty as covered by the manufacturer only not PCEZ Computers, this also means you pay for all freight costs).
Warranty does not cover Software or Data damage. (This means if your hardware fails, example a hard drive fails and causes damage to your software, the damage to software / data is not covered by us) Please always remember to back-up your data. Further costs apply to install your applications, reconfiguring PC etc.
Manufacturers or our Suppliers will not cover parts that have been damaged by a power surge or viruses. Please note power surge protectors design for stereo and white goods are different to computer surge protectors, please make sure you have a proper computer surge protector.
We may offer you new replacement with cost difference on obsolete parts, or to replace your old part with a used part of equal specification.
No warranties are same day or on the spot service, unless we have written agreement.
Copyright:
All material on our website is the copyright and beneficial ownership of PCEZ Computers (www.pcez.com.au)
Privacy:
To protect your privacy, you can visit the PCEZ computers web site without identifying yourself or having to reveal any information about yourself. We do not collect personal information when you visit our site unless you place an order or register with us .At the time of sales, service and data back-up we will however require your personal details we will do our absolute best to keep this information confidential.
We are committed to the protection and privacy of your personal information however PCEZ Computers cannot be and are not responsible for unauthorised access to information by hackers, system or software malfunction or others who have obtained such access through illegal measures.
Fees:
Workshop service $60/hr (minimum diagnostice fee of $40)
Data Recovery $55 to $1300 depending on damage / corouption of the media (mechanical or electrical)
Data Transfer / Backup / Restore $90
Computer Repairs Canberra Onsite service fees depends on your location. Gungahlin area $100/hr, Belconnen area $120/hr, City Inner & North $120/hr, Woden & Tuggeranong , Sutton area $150 first hr then $100 hr next hours. Outside ACT $150 for First hour and $1 per Kilometer
Please note:- First hour is the call out fee