https://www.ss8.com/cookie-policy/
skip to Main Content
SS8
Cookie Policy
SS8 Networks, Inc. (“SS8”) is committed to ensuring you have a positive experience on our web site and just like many other web sites, SS8.com uses cookies and related technologies to improve the way our site functions for visitors.  If you want to opt out (that is, not allow cookies) at any time, all you need to do is update your settings.
SS8 reserves the right, from time to time and without notice, to change this Policy at its sole discretion. SS8 will make reasonable efforts to publish any such changes in this Policy, such as posting on this web site. You should review this Policy periodically to stay informed of any changes.
Cookies and Similar Technologies Identification
When you visit our web site or use our mobile applications, we collect certain information by automated means, using technologies such as cookies, pixel tags, browser analysis tools, server logs and web beacons.
Cookies are small data files that are placed on the browser of your computer or other device when you access the SS8 web site. Cookies are necessary to provide certain functionalities on the web site. They enable the identification of returning visitors and the gathering of information about your usage of the web site and presumed interests. This information is then used to improve the web site and to deliver relevant marketing for SS8 products and services.
Pixel tags and web beacons are tiny graphic images placed on web site pages, emails, and social posts that allow us to determine whether you have performed a specific action. When you access these pages, open or click an email, or share a post on social media, the pixel tags and web beacons generate a notice of that action. These tools allow us to measure response to our communications and improve our web pages and promotions.
Cookie Usage
Cookies that are set by us are called first-party cookies. We also use third-party cookies – which are cookies from a domain different than the domain of the web site you are visiting – for our advertising and marketing efforts. More specifically, we use cookies and other tracking technologies for the following purposes:
Strictly necessary cookies
These cookies are essential in order to enable you to move around the web site and use its features, such logging in or filling in forms. Without these cookies, services requested through usage of our web site cannot be properly provided. Strictly necessary cookies do not require consent from the user under applicable law. You may configure your web browser to block strictly necessary cookies, but you might not be able to use the web sites functionalities as intended.
Performance cookies
These cookies collect information about how visitors use a web site, for instance which pages visitors go to most often, and how visitors move around the site. They help us to improve the user friendliness of our web site and therefore enhance the user’s experience.
Functionality cookies
These cookies allow the web site to remember choices you make or information you enter (such as your username, language or the region you are in) and provide enhanced, more personal features. They are also used to enable requested functions such as playing videos.
Marketing cookies
Marketing cookies (also referred to as targeting or advertising cookies) are used to deliver adverts on third party web sites more relevant to you and your interests. They are also used to limit the number of times you see an advertisement as well as help measure the effectiveness of an advertising campaign.
Legal basis for the processing of personal information in connection with marketing cookies (if any) is the user’s consent.
Cookie Preferences
If you do not want us to collect information on the basis of cookies, you may disable cookies in your browser at any time by changing your browser preferences.  Please note that if you disable cookies you may not be able to use certain pages or functions on this web site.
If you continue to browse this web site without changing your browser’s cookie settings, you agree to receive cookies when you use this web site.
Information that SS8 Collects
We collect many different types of information from cookies and other technologies. For example, we may collect information about the device you use to access our web site, your operating system type, browser type, domain, and other system settings, as well as the language your system uses and the country and time zone where your device is located. Our server logs also may record the IP address or derivative of the device you used to connect to the Internet. An IP address is a unique identifier that devices use to identify and communicate with each other on the Internet.
In many cases, the information we collect using cookies and other tools is only used in a non-identifiable way, without reference to any personal information. In some cases, we do associate the information we collect using cookies and other technology with your Personal Information.
SS8 uses leading, commercially-available systems to operate and manage our web site. SS8 has strict vendor selection and performance criteria to ensure compliance of these systems with our Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
Contact Us
If you should have any questions or comments related to this Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
SS8 Networks, Inc.
Attn: Cookie Policy
750 Tasman Drive
Milpitas, CA  95035
Email: privacy@ss8.com
Last update: February 20, 2020
From Our BlogSS8 Celebrates 20th Anniversary December 10, 2020Sidelink and Its Impact on Lawful Intelligence November 24, 2020Intercepted Location Data Can Help Intelligence Agencies November 10, 2020
750 Tasman Drive
Milpitas, CA 95035
+1 408 944 0250
info@ss8.com
twitter
linkedin
Solutions
Compliant Mediation and Interception
Law Enforcement Monitoring Center
5G Regulatory Compliance
End to End Solution
Internet Communications Discovery
Company
Our Story
Meet the Team
Investors
Careers
Offices
News
Partners
Contact Us
Resources
Support
Blog
Copyright © 2020 SS8 Networks, Inc.
SS8 Blog
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
×
We use cookies and related technologies to improve the way our site functions for you as a visitor. By continuing to use our website, you agree to the use of such cookies. For more information refer to our Privacy Policy.I understand.