http://www.english4it.com/privacyPolicy
Privacy Policy & Legal Information
PRIVACY POLICY SUMMARY
“We value your privacy. We don't spam, retain credit card numbers, track your activities offsite, or sell any information to third parties.”
Privacy Contact:
Larry Zoumas
c/o English 4 Work
Folkungagatan 132c, Box 541
116 30 Stockholm SWEDEN
Email: info@english4it.com
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We collect a variety of information about our users and visitors to the website.
Information Collected Automatically: Whenever you visit our website, we automatically collect (non invasive) information about you, namely:
• your transactions with us, for example, the type of product you purchased and the costs of each product;
• your use of our website and the device you use to access our Website, for example, your IP address,
the type of operating system and web browser you use and related information; and your activities on our Website, such as the pages you
visit.
INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE TO US
• if you provide us with Personal Information by filling out a form, registering for an account, making a
purchase, or contacting us, we collect that Personal Information. For example, if you register on our Website,
we collect your name,
e-mail address and password;
• if you place an order with us, we collect the Personal Information that you provide to us such as your shipping, billing, and payment information. See the ‘Credit and Payment Card information’ section below to read more about
how we and our partners handle your payment information;
• if you design and personalize a product, such as a business card, we collect the Personal Information you use to customize the product, such as the name of your business, your telephone number and professional title;
• if you contact our customer services agents, you may also provide us with Personal Information that we collect. From time-to-time, English4IT may give you the opportunity to participate in contests or
surveys on our Website;
Additional Information We Collect: From time to time, we may acquire additional information about our customers from third parties, such as the Postal Service and third parties that assist us in the provision of products and services requested by
you.
CREDIT AND PAYMENT CARD INFORMATION
English4IT uses third party payment processors Stripe and PayPal to process payments made for products and services via the Website. All online payments will be conducted in accordance with Payment
Card Industry (PCI) data security standards and your billing information (which is only used by these payment processors for the purpose of performing fraud protection) is encrypted before being communicated to them. Subject to
the below exceptions, your credit card details are communicated directly from your browser to these payment processors - English4IT never (ever!) sees your full Permanent Account Number (PAN). This means that the payment
form is either off-site or displayed in a frame on the payment page.
SPECIAL NOTIFICATION FOR EUROPEAN UNION RESIDENTS
Our Website uses “cookies” and files that are similar to cookies. Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers created by your browser at our request and stored on your computer. Cookies help us to distinguish you from other uses of our
Website. For detailed information on the cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them, see our Cookies Policy.(see below)
WHERE WE STORE DATA
English4IT transfers, processes and stores data about you on servers located in a number of countries, for example, where we subcontract processing to, or share your Personal Information with, third parties for the below
purposes. Your Personal Information may therefore be transferred to, processed and stored in a country different from your country of residence, and be subject to privacy laws that are different from those in your country of residence.
Information collected within the European Economic Area (“EEA”) and Switzerland may, for example, be transferred to and processed by third parties referred to below that are located in a country outside of the EEA and Switzerland,
where you may have fewer rights in relation to your Personal Information. By using the Website and providing us with your Personal Information, you are consenting to the transfer, processing and storage of your Personal Information in countries
outside of your country of residence.
USE OF INFORMATION
We use the information that we collect about our users for the following purposes:
to maintain and improve our Website, including personalizing your online experience and ensuring content is presented in the most effective manner for you;
operate our business, including the provision to you of information, products and services that you request and other transactional or administrative updates;
to administer your account;
inform you about products and services that we offer and that are similar to those you have already purchased or enquired about;
to notify you about changes to our services, the Website or our Terms of Use and this Privacy Policy;
as part of our efforts to keep the Website safe and secure;
to administer our Website and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, research, testing, statistical and survey purposes.
DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION
We do not unless disclose information about our customers and visitors to the Website unless required by law.
YOUR CHOICES
Communications from English4IT: If you do not want to receive email communications from English4IT about our own or third-party products and services that may be of interest to you, you can update
your preferences in the My Account section of the Website. You can also click on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of one of our emails. We may still contact you via mail or phone, unless you request to be added to our Do-Not-Call list, and/or
our Do-Not-Mail list by contacting us using the below details and indicating your preferences. Please be sure to provide your exact name, e-mail address, mailing address and telephone number(s) and the list or lists you would like to be included
on (Do-Not-Call, and/or Do-Not-Mail). Even if you opt-out of email marketing or choose to be placed on one of these lists, we may still communicate with you using any of these methods for those non-marketing purposes set out above in the ‘Use
of Information’ section.
Deactivation of Your Account: You may also request deactivation of your English4IT account (it makes us sad even seeing it written down) by contacting us using the below details and requesting account deactivation. Please
note that your Personal Information may remain in our archived records after your account has been deactivated, but we will not keep it for longer than necessary to fulfill the purposes listed above.
UPDATING AND ACCESS TO YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
If you wish to change your name, e-mail address, password, and/or communication preferences after you have registered, you can access your account in the My Account section of the Website. You may also request these changes by contacting us using
the below details.
If you are a resident of the European Union, you also have the right to request access to and correction of Personal Information that we hold about you. This right of access and correction can be exercised in accordance with the Data Protection
Act 1998. Any access request may be subject to a fee of £10 to meet our costs in providing you with details of the information we hold about you.
WEBSITE SECURITY
We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards reasonably necessary to ensure the protection of your Personal Information against loss, misuse, disclosure and alteration. For example, we use Transport Security Layer (TSL) technology
to encrypt your credit card information when you purchase products through our Website. Basically, it takes a lot of effort to break into this fortress.
When you establish an account at English4IT, you choose a password to help protect your account information. A password is only as strong as you make it: you should select a unique password and keep it safe. You may change
your password as often as you wish by going to My Account section of the Website. You are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone. Our sign-in process is designed to help protect your
privacy. If you have trouble signing in to our Website, please ensure that you are using your registered e-mail address and correct password. If you are using your registered e-mail address and correct password, and you continue to have trouble
signing in to our Website, please contact us using the details below.
Notwithstanding the above, unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to
our Website; any transmission is at your own risk. (Typical internet, right?).
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
English4IT may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time by posting a revised Privacy Policy on our Website and changing the last modified date at the top of the Privacy Policy. If we make significant changes to the
Privacy Policy, we will note the Privacy Policy has changed on the main page of the Website and/or contact you by email (so do stay on the edge of your seat at all times). We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time, so please
review it frequently (and why wouldn’t you?).
COOKIE POLICY
Like most websites, our website (the “Website”) uses "cookies" and files that are similar to cookies. Cookies do lots of different jobs, like letting you navigate between pages efficiently, remembering your preferences, and
generally improve the user experience. They can also help to ensure that adverts you see online are more relevant to you and your interests.
Our Cookies policy provides you with information on what cookies may be set when you visit our Website and how to enable, control or delete those cookies. By using the Website, you are agreeing to our use of cookies as particularized in this
Cookies Policy.
WHAT ARE COOKIES?
Cookies are text files containing small amounts of information which are downloaded to your personal computer, mobile or other device when you visit a website. Cookies are then sent back to the originating website on each subsequent visit, or to
another website that recognizes that cookie. Cookies are useful because they allow a website to recognize a user's device.
You can find more information about cookies at www.allaboutcookies.org and www.youronlinechoices.eu.
HOW DO WE USE COOKIES AT English4IT?
The following is a list of all the cookies used on our Website set out by category:
STRICLY NECESSARY COOKIES
These cookies are essential in order to enable you to move around the Website and use its features, such as accessing secure areas of the Website. Without these cookies, services you have asked for, like shopping baskets or e-billing, cannot be
provided.
PERFORMANCE COOKIES
These cookies collect information about how visitors use the Website, for instance which pages visitors go to most often, and if they get error messages from web pages. These cookies don't collect information that identifies a visitor. All
information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. It is only used to improve how the Website works.
FUNCTIONAL COOKIES
These cookies allow the Website to remember choices you make (such as your user name, language or the region you are in) and provide enhanced, more personal features. These cookies can also be used to remember changes you have made to text size,
fonts and other parts of web pages that you can customize. They may also be used to provide services you have asked for such as watching a video or commenting on a blog.
HOW TO MANAGE COOKIES
The Help menu on the menu bar of most browsers will tell you how to enable or prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie and how to disable cookies altogether. You can also
disable or delete similar data used by browser add-ons, such as Flash cookies, by changing the add-on's settings or visiting the website of its operator. (Or you could just sit back and let the cookies wash over you.)
If you use a PC - click on 'Help' at the top of your browser window and select the 'About' option If you use a Mac - with the browser window open, click on the Apple menu and select the 'About' option.
For Flash Cookies (or Local Shared Objects) – The Adobe website provides comprehensive information on how to delete or disable Flash cookies - see http://www.adobe.com/security/flashplayer/.
For Third Party Cookies – If you'd like to opt out of third party company cookies , please use the-opt out tool offered by members of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) – see
http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp. Otherwise, we suggest you contact the relevant third party for more information about their cookies and how you can manage them.
CHANGES TO THIS COOKIE POLICY
We may revise this policy from time to time by posting a revised policy on our Website. We reserve the right to modify this policy at any time, so please review it from time to time.
Welcome, Guest!
Guest
unknown
Questions?
We love to hear from you.
Contact us...