http://www.developer.net.au/privacy
: Home : My Account
BLUEDOORINTERACTIVE.COM
WEBSITE PRIVACY POLICYThis web site is owned and operated by LemonStone Group Pty Ltd and will be referred to as "We", "our" and "us" in this Internet Privacy Policy. By using this site, you agree to the Internet Privacy Policy of this web site ("the web site"), which is set out on this web site page. The Internet Privacy Policy relates to the collection and use of personal information you may supply to us through your conduct on the web site.
We reserve the right, at our discretion, to modify or remove portions of this Internet Privacy Policy at any time. This Internet Privacy Policy is in addition to any other terms and conditions applicable to the web site. We do not make any representations about third party web sites that may be linked to the web site. We recognise the importance of protecting the privacy of information collected about visitors to our web site, in particular information that is capable of identifying an individual ("personal information"). This Internet Privacy Policy governs the manner in which your personal information, obtained through the web site, will be dealt with.
This Internet Privacy Policy should be reviewed periodically so that you are updated on any changes. We welcome your comments and feedback. PERSONAL INFORMATIONPersonal information about visitors to our site is collected only when knowingly and voluntarily submitted. For example, we may need to collect such information to provide you with further services or to answer or forward any requests or enquiries. It is our intention that this policy will protect your personal information from being dealt with in any way that is inconsistent with applicable privacy laws in Australia.
USE OF INFORMATIONPersonal information that visitors submit to our site is used only for the purpose for which it is submitted or for such other secondary purposes that are related to the primary purpose, unless we disclose other uses in this Internet Privacy Policy or at the time of collection. Copies of correspondence sent from the web site, that may contain personal information, are stored as archives for record-keeping and back-up purposes only. COLLECTING INFORMATION ON REGISTERED MEMBERSAs part of registering with us, we collect personal information about you in order for you to take full advantage of our services. To do this it may be necessary for you to provide additional information to us as detailed below.REGISTRATIONRegistration is completely optional. Registration may include submitting your name, email address, address, telephone numbers, option on receiving updates and promotional material and other information. You may access this information at any time by logging in and going to your account. CREDIT CARD DETAILSCredit Card details are only stored for the processing of payment and will be deleted once payment is processed.DISCLOSUREApart from where you have consented or disclosure is necessary to achieve the purpose for which it was submitted, personal information may be disclosed in special situations where we have reason to believe that doing so is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against anyone damaging, injuring, or interfering (intentionally or unintentionally) with our rights or property, users, or anyone else who could be harmed by such activities. Also, we may disclose personal information when we believe in good faith that the law requires disclosure. We may engage third parties to provide you with goods or services on our behalf. In that circumstance, we may disclose your personal information to those third parties in order to meet your request for goods or services. SECURITYWe strive to ensure the security, integrity and privacy of personal information submitted to our sites, and we review and update our security measures in light of current technologies. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be totally secure. However, we will endeavour to take all reasonable steps to protect the personal information you may transmit to us or from our online products and services. Once we do receive your transmission, we will also make our best efforts to ensure its security on our systems. In addition, our employees and the contractors who provide services related to our information systems are obliged to respect the confidentiality of any personal information held by us. However, we will not be held responsible for events arising from unauthorised access to your personal information.COLLECTING INFORMATION FROM USERSOur web servers records information about your use of the site, but does not record any personal information. Whenever a page is requested from our web server, we may record the search terms entered, time, date and URL of the request, along with information on the browser software that is being used. This information is used to analyse the way in which people utilise our site, enabling us to improve our services and is not used in any way to uniquely identify a customer.
IP ADDRESSESOur web servers gather your IP address to assist with the diagnosis of problems or support issues with our services. Again, information is gathered in aggregate only and cannot be traced to an individual user.
COOKIES AND APPLETSWe use cookies to provide you with a better experience. These cookies allow us to increase your security by storing your session ID and are a way of monitoring single user access. This aggregate, non-personal information is collated and provided to us to assist in analysing the usage of the site. You are advised, however, that other companies which advertise on our site may collect information from you if you click on their advertisements or access their sites. They may do this by using cookies. We have no control over this collection of information. It is possible for you to change the settings of your browser to refuse all cookies or to notify you each time a cookie is sent to your computer, giving you the choice whether to accept it or not. Please refer to your individual browser help files for instructions on cookie settings. EMAILWe receive and reply to email from users on a regular basis. For record-keeping purposes we retain copies of all incoming and outgoing email. We do not provide your information to third parties, except that we may provide your information to our business partners who assist us in the provision of our services to you. ACCESS TO INFORMATIONWe will endeavour to take all reasonable steps to keep secure any information which we hold about you, and to keep this information accurate and up to date. If, at any time, you discover that information held about you is incorrect, you may contact us to have the information corrected. In addition, our employees and the contractors who provide services related to our information systems are obliged to respect the confidentiality of any personal information held by us. LiINKS TO OTHER SITESWe provide links to Web sites outside of our web sites, as well as to third party Web sites. These linked sites are not under our control, and we cannot accept responsibility for the conduct of companies linked to our website. Before disclosing your personal information on any other website, we advise you to examine the terms and conditions of using that Web site and its privacy statement.
PROBLEMS OR QUESTIONSIf we become aware of any ongoing concerns or problems with our web sites, we will take these issues seriously and work to address these concerns. If you have any further queries relating to our Privacy Policy, or you have a problem or complaint, please contact us.
For more information about privacy issues in Australia and protecting your privacy, visit the Australian Federal Privacy Commissioner's web site; http://www.privacy.gov.au/.
About Us
Services
Support
BDMM 1.1
0.02881 seconds
Bluedoor Interactive: PO Box 500, Drysdale, Victoria 3222
Privacy Policy : Terms & Conditions
Copyright @2014