http://www.technologythree.com/privacy/privacy-policy
Technology three | privacy policy
Home
Services
Testimonials
Clients
Articles
Contact us
Partnerships
Privacy Policy
Technology Three will not sell or provide any personal information to anyone without your permission.
Technology Three is committed to protecting the privacy of visitors to our Web site. Technology Three will never use any personal information collected at this site for any purpose other than internal use unless the registrant chooses to be added to mailing lists (this is a choice made by the registrant on the newsletter subscribe form).
If you have any questions or concerns about privacy issues, please contact us at privacy@technologythree.comThe following is an explanation of the types of information that are collected from visitors at this site.
Anonymous Information - Technology Three will track visitor activity to our site using IP addresses and set temporary cookies to track user sessions. This data helps us keep track of the number of visitors and help facilitate the dynamic nature of our site. This information is not connected in any way with personal information (name, address, etc.). The user's identity remains anonymous with this type of information.
Registration Information - If a visitor to our site fills out the Contact Us form, this information will be used to process any orders, or initiate contact with Technology Three only. The registrant has the choice of being added to e-mail or postal mailing lists but is not required to do so. No one outside of Technology Three will ever have access to your personal information.
Third-Party Privacy Policies
Please be aware that other Web sites that may be accessed through our site may collect personally identifiable information about you. The information practices of those third-party Web sites linked to the Technology Three Web site are not covered by this privacy statement.
proudly Australian owned & operated based on the Gold Coast
Privacy Policy  | Disclaimer
Technology Three 2020. All Rights Reserved.