https://www.irishdomains.com/terms-and-conditions/
Free Domain Check:
iecomeuuknetorgco.ukinfo
Home
Domains
Domain Registrations
Register a new domain name
Registering a .ie domain
Common questions
Domain Transfers
Transfer your domain to Irish Domains
Pricing
Domain Registration Pricing
Web Hosting
Cloud SOHO
Ideal starter package a personal for SME website
10GB SSD Disk Space
100GB/mo Traffic
Five Full Websites
25 POP3/IMAP Mailboxes
Free WordPress etc.
SSL Capability
from €3.73*/month
More details
Buy Now
Cloud Starter
Our number 1 plan for business or small webstore
20GB SSD Disk Space
200GB/mo Traffic
Run 20 Full Websites
50 POP3/IMAP Mailboxes
Free WordPress etc.
SSL Capability
from €5.81/month*
More details
Buy Now
Cloud Business
Perfect for a corporate site or medium webstore
30GB SSD Disk Space
300GB/mo Traffic
Run 30 Full Websites
100 Mailboxes
Free WordPress etc.
SSL Capability
from €7.89/month*
More details
Buy Now
Cloud Developer
Great for a busy blog or eCommerce site
50GB SSD Disk Space
500GB/mo Traffic
Run 50 Full Websites
250 Mailboxes
SSL Capability
from €10.39/month*
More details
Buy Now
* First year incl 50% promotion, plus VAT at 23%
Cloud VPS
Cloud VPS Packages
All our Cloud VPS packages are individually tailored to your needs, below are examples of some typical configurations but Cloud VPS can scale seamlessly up to 16 times the power of the Basic.
Basic
1 Compute Node
10GB Disk Space
100GB/mo Traffic
1GB Memory
500MHz CPU
Burstable to 4 cores
Nightly backups
10GB Backup
Root/Admin Access
Remote Reboots
From €16.25/month*
CentOS 6 or 7
Request Information
Standard
2 Compute Nodes
20GB Disk Space
200GB/mo Traffic
2GB Memory
1000MHz CPU
Burstable to 4 cores
Nightly backups
10GB Backup
Root/Admin Access
Remote Reboots
Optional Plesk Onyx
From €32.50/month*
CentOS 6 or 7
Request Information
Advanced
3 Compute Nodes
30GB Disk Space
300GB/mo Traffic
3GB Memory
1550MHz CPU
Burstable to 4 cores
Nightly backups
10GB Backup
Root/Admin Access
Remote Reboots
Optional Plesk Onyx
From €48.75/month*
CentOS 6 or 7
Request Information
Developer
4 Compute Nodes
40GB Disk Space
400GB/mo Traffic
4GB Memory
2000MHz CPU
Burstable to 4 cores
Nightly backups
10GB Backup
Root/Admin Access
Remote Reboots
Optional Plesk Onyx
From €65.00/month*
CentOS 6 or 7
Request Information
* Price illustrated based on 1 year term, excl VAT
Cloud Services
Email Services
POP/IMAP Mail
Backup Mail Server
Spam Filtering
Professional Spam Filtering
Server Protection
Support
How to find help quickly
Quick Find Solutions
For normal configuration instructions such as Email, Name Servers, DNS records, see our list of common support questions:-
Quick Answers
Knowledge Base
Detailed instructions on how to configure all aspects of your services, as well as solutions to common problems:-
Knowledge Base
Support Ticket
Support issues should be submitted via our Ticketing System or by sending an email to helpdesk@irishdomains.com.
Submit a Support Ticket
Before contacting Irish Domains Support directly, please check the Knowledge Base thoroughly for a solution to your problem. Most support issues can be resolved quickly and simply using information on this site.
When contacting support or submitting a ticket, please supply the domain or website name to which the issue relates, and included as much information as possible, including error messages (attach screenshots) and any other information that you feel may be relevant. The more information we have on an issue, the easier and faster it is to identify the problem and resolve the issue.
Technical Support address:
helpdesk@irishdomains.com
Full Technical Support Contact Details
Login
Control Panel Login
Login to your control panel for:
Orders & Billing Information
Maintain your Account Settings
Manage your Domains & Hosting Services
Control Panel Login
Webmail Login
Access your webmail from any internet enabled computer
Web Mail Login
Terms & Conditions
You are here: Home » Terms & Conditions
The following Terms and Conditions apply to you if you have an Irish Domains account or when purchasing our using any of our services.
1. Domain Name Registration
Irish Domains Limited offer domain registration services whereby the collection of information about a domain application, the filing of the application itself, and the payment of applicable registry fees is performed by us on behalf of the registrant (you). The actual registration itself is in most cases performed by the appropriate national top-level authority or accredited registrar which may vary depending on which top-level domain is selected. The precise rules and regulations for registration will also vary. Your registration of a domain name is subject to the Registration Terms, Conditions & Policies of the applicable registry and form part of your terms and conditions of service with Irish Domains Ltd.
1a. Irish Registrations
Irish Registrations are performed by IE Domain Registry Ltd (IEDR) who act as naming authority as a public service neutrally and in good faith subject to the following conditions:
The holder of a domain name shall indemnify IE Domain Registry Ltd and its servants or agents and shall hold IE Domain Registry Ltd and its servants or agents harmless from and against any loss, damage, liability, claim or expense resulting from a claim or claims asserted by a third party regarding ownership of or right to use the domain name in question.
No liability shall attach to IE Domain Registry Ltd or its servants or agents in respect of any loss or damage whatsoever suffered by the applicant or a service provider and arising from any action or neglect on the part of IE Domain Registry Ltd or its servants or agents in the exercise of the function of the naming authority.
Registrant accepts that failure to pay the maintenance fee will result in the deactivation of the domain name.
Registrant agrees to the resolution of disputes in respect of the domain name applied for in accordance with IE Domain Registry’s Dispute Resolution Policy (ieDRP) in force for the time being, but that this is without prejudice to any and all rights registrant has in the name applied for and shall not prevent any party to the proceeding from submitting the dispute to a court of law for independent resolution at any time.
There are a some restrictions on allowable .ie domain names as well as the general requirement for a real and substantive connection with Ireland. If the applicant does not currently hold a .ie domain name then supporting documentation may be required to establish the identity of the applicant and their connection to Ireland.
Please read the following documents carefully…
IE Registrations Terms and Conditions
IE Registration Policy
IE Dispute Resolution Policy (ieDRP)
Your registration of a .ie domain is subject to the above Registration Terms & Conditions and Policies which form part of your terms and conditions of service with Irish Domains Ltd.
Where additional supporting documentation is required to validate your entitlement to a domain name, this must be provided within 27 days of the initial order, otherwise the IE Domain registry will cancel the pending application and make the domain name available for registration by other parties. In some cases, identity information such as company, registered business name or trademark numbers may be submitted at the time of application or you may identify another domain name you hold ,and this may be sufficient to complete the registration. If additional documentation is required, you must respond swiftly to such requests by us in order to allow us to complete your application in a timely fashion.
1b. International Registrations
International Registrations in the .com, .net, .org, .biz and .info top-level domains, including the new domains such as .club, .support etc. are performed through various ICANN accredited registrars. There are few restrictions on what names can be registered, or on who can register them. It is a condition of registration that you read and are bound by the uniform dispute resolution policy (URDP). Please read the UDRP document below carefully. Additionally, you are bound by the individual terms and conditions of the individual registrar selected (click on the appropriate link to see full registrant agreement).
Domains registered via OpenSRS
Domains registered via eNom
Domains registered via 1API
Domains registered via Epag
Uniform Dispute Resolution Policy (UDRP)
Registrant Contact Validation
Since 1/1/2014, Registrant Contact Validation is now in-force. This is an ICANN mandated measure that ensures that the whois information for all ICANN administered domains includes a valid working email contact for the registrant.
In practice this means when you register or transfer a domain (or change its whois information) you will be sent a validation email requiring you to click a link to confirm your email is working. This needs to be done only once for each email address, once your address is validated you can use it for multiple registrations etc without further validation.
You *must* validate your email address when requested, if this is not done within 15 days the domain will be deemed “not validated” and will no longer resolve meaning that email, websites etc. on that domain will cease working.
1c. UK Registrations
Registrations domain names in the .uk namespace (including .co.uk, .org.uk) are performed directly through Nominet, the UK naming authority. There are few restrictions on what can be registered. It is a condition of registration that you read and are bound by Nominet’s terms and conditions. Nominet also operate a dispute resolution service (DRS) which you agree to use in the event of any dispute arising. UK domain names can only be registered or renewed for two year periods. Please read the details of Nominet’s terms and dispute resolution service …
Nominet Terms & Conditions
Nominet Dispute Resolution Service (DRS)
Nominet will attempt to validate the identity and address of each domain registrant using publicly available sources. If they are unable to do this, they will send an email to the provided domain contact requesting additional information.
The onus is on the registrant to ensure such information is provided in a timely manner. If the information is not provided, the domain will be suspended and will not resolve, additionally it may not be possible to renew such domains.
1d. EU Registrations
Registrations of .eu domain names are performed by Irish Domains, a .eu accredited registrar through the .eu naming authority EURid. There are few restrictions on what can be registered as long as the applicant meets the basic eligibility requirements:
Undertakings having their registered office, central administration or principal place of business within the European Community; or
Organizations established within the European Community without prejudice to the application of national law;
Natural persons resident within the European Community
It is a condition of registration that you read and agree to the EU standard registration policy, and the dispute resolution policy (ADR) which you agree to use in the event of any dispute arising. Please read the details of EU terms and dispute resolution service …
EU Standard Registration Policy
.eu Alternative Dispute Resolution Procedure
1e. All Registrations
The terms and conditions of domain names will vary according to the rules, regulations and policies of the applicable top-level domain registry, registrar or governing body. We may perform registrations directly with the top-level domain registry, or through other registrars or subcontractors as needs dictate. It is the responsibility of the registrant to understand and ensure compliance with any or all policies that pertain to their domain name registration, whether notified to them by Irish Domains, or not. Domain names may be registered for such periods as allowed by the applicable top-level registry or our subcontractor. It is a condition of registration that you agree to abide by any applicable dispute resolution mechanism that pertains to the domain name in question.
2. Third Party Disputes
Irish Domains Limited act as an intermediary in the registration process and it is a condition of registration that you agree to be bound by any and all applicable dispute policies and other regulations required by the top-level registry.
When requested by a court or other appropriate authority, Irish Domains Ltd or the top-level registrar/registry may terminate or suspend domain name or hosting services. In this situation, fees are still payable by the current registrant until the dispute is resolved.
It is a condition of registration that the registrant (you) agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Irish Domains Ltd and its servants or agents, against any loss, damage, liability, claim or expense resulting from a claim or claims asserted by a third party regarding ownership of or right to use the domain name in question.
3. Domain Name Transfers
Domain transfers allow you to move your domain registration from one provider to another. Domain transfers may only be initiated by the domain holder or their appointed administrative contact. If you submit a domain transfer on our website, you are asserting that you are the registrant of the domain in question, or that you have permission from the registrant to effect the transfer. In general, you will have to authorize the transfer before it takes place. Depending on the top level domain in question, you may need to submit a faxed authorization request, provide a domain authorization code (or EPP key), unlock your domain for transfer, access an online authorization system, or a combination of these. You are required to submit any required information or perform any required authorization actions promptly in order to effect transfer of the domain name.
Please note that a non-refund policy applies to domain transfers to prevent abuse (however we will resubmit free of charge failed transfers upon request if your transfer fails to complete for a valid reason), please see our refund policy below for more details.
Please note that some domains cannot be transferred within a specific period of time of initial registration or of a previous transfer. For example, .com, net, .org and most other gTLD’s cannot be transferred within 60 days of registration or of a previous transfer.  Other top-level domains may have similar restrictions imposed by the relevant registry or governing body.
4. Domain Search Facility
Irish Domains Limited provide a domain search facility which may be used to check if a particular domain name is already registered. This facility is provided for purposes of elimination only and does not indicate that a particular domain name will be available for registration, or that such a registration will be successful. The results returned by this facility are generated from information outside the control of Irish Domains and which may be maintained and/or controlled by third parties. You accept that this information may be outdated and/or inaccurate and that no liability whatsoever attaches to Irish Domains Ltd in respect of any loss or damage caused by the use of or reliance upon this information. The actual availability for registration of a domain name will be determined only when the order is placed with the relevant registry or registrar.
5. Free Domain Parking
When you register a domain name with Irish Domains Ltd, we may provide a free domain parking subscription for such period of time as the registration is maintained with us. This parking subscription may provide DNS management capability, and a publicly viewable domain parking web reservation page so that you can verify that the domain is working. The subscription may also include other free or trial services. Irish Domains or its agents, partners or subcontractors may display product information and/or third party advertising on this page. Such advertising may be generated by automated systems based on the words contained in the domain. Irish Domains may not be aware of, nor have direct control of the advertising content displayed on your domain name. It is a condition of use of the domain parking facility that you consent to such advertising being displayed on your domain, however you may at any time elect to remove or disable domain parking from your domain(s) using the control panel or by contacting us. Free domain parking may only be used in conjunction with domains currently registered with Irish Domains. Free domain parking subscriptions may be cancelled without notice where they do not provide service for domains currently registered with us.
6. Placing Orders
New orders may be taken online, by phone, by fax or postal application, by voucher exchange or via other methods as we may elect to use from time to time.
Online orders may be placed using our website https://www.irishdomains.com. Nothing on our website or our online ordering system constitutes an offer for contract, or indicates that we will necessarily be able to fulfill the order, it should be construed as an offer to treat only. There are many reasons why it may not be possible to fulfill a particular order (including but not limited to: unavailability of a domain name, conflicting requests, registration policies, pricing errors, technical errors etc.).
The online order form will collect details about you and your application, and you may also be able to make payment via credit card. When your order is placed, an email will be sent to the email address you specify confirming receipt of the order. The indication that an order (received online or via any other method) has been placed and receipt of order acknowledgement emails are purely for informational purposes, and do not constitute an acceptance of the order. When your order is subsequently processed, we will send an email in respect of each domain name, hosting account or other product that is successfully provisioned. Should we be unable to provide any service ordered, we will naturally credit your account with any payment taken in respect of those individual services that were not provisioned.
Please note that domain registrations in particular may not be performed in real time, so we cannot guarantee that any or all registrations will be successful until such time as they are processed and completed and the domain displays as registered on the relevant whois service for the top-level domain in question. In the case of .ie and other managed top-level domains, you may have to conform to specific registration policies and provide adequate supporting documentation to support your application. Please note that a non-refund policy applies to domain registrations and transfers that we could not complete because of a failure to provide authorization or correct supporting information, see our refund policy below for full details.
It is a condition of all services that you agree to and abide by our acceptable usage policy (http://www.irishdomains.com/acceptable-use).
7. Payments and Renewals
In the case of most domain names, including Irish (.ie), European (.eu), UK (.uk) and most  ICANN-administered domains (.com, .net, .org,  etc. including new top level domain names like .website) registrations may be for between one and ten years. Some country specific top-level domains  can only be registered on an annual or bi-annual basis. Hosting renewals are usually for 1-3 years but may also be quarterly or monthly. In all cases, the application must be accompanied by payment for the minimum registration period. An invoice will be sent by email to the account billing contact once payment has been received and the service has been provisioned. VAT at the prevailing rate for your country (currently 23% for Ireland)  will be charged on all invoiced amounts unless you are outside the EU, or you are in another EU country and have supplied us in advance with a valid VAT number, or are VAT exempt and have supplied us in advance with a valid certificate of exemption.
Please note that domain registration fees are not refundable once a domain has been registered or renewed. If a domain cannot be registered or renewed through no fault of yours, your fee will be refunded in full, or applied to another registration if you so choose (please see specific exceptions below for domain transfers and new .ie domain registrations).
When you register a domain or purchase web hosting or other service from Irish Domains, then your subscription will be configured to renew automatically shortly before the service is due to expire. If not specified otherwise, the automatic renewal date is 5 days before the service is due to expire.
For certain services that cease to function very soon after expiry (SSL certificates and gTLD domain names like .com, .net etc) the automatic renewal date is 10 days before the service is due to expire. On that date, a renewal order will be generated, and if you have a valid credit card on our system this will be charged and your subscription renewed for that period. At any time before the automatic renewal date you may log on to your account to cancel a subscription, or to set or unset the automatic-renewal status of any domain or subscription.
For subscriptions that are set to auto-renew, you will receive a reminder notice 30 days before the expiry of the domain or subscription. This will be sent to the billing contact email address on record in your control panel. You will receive a further reminder 15 days before expiry. At any time up before the automatic renewal date, you may choose to cancel or downgrade your subscription, to renew for a longer or shorter period, or to remove the auto-renew setting on your subscription.
For subscriptions that are not set to auto-renew, reminders will be sent 60, 30 and 15 days before subscription expiry, as well as on the expiry date. To renew such a subscription you should log on to your control panel and select ‘Renew’ on the item in question. Again, before renewing you should ensure there is a valid credit card on your account or that you have agreed credit terms and are within your authorized credit limit.
Renewal invoices are generated automatically when the domain or service is successfully renewed. A PDF copy of the invoice will be emailed to the billing contact on your account. Postal invoices are not normally sent unless requested, and are subject to an administration charge of €5+VAT per document.
If payment is not received by the expiry date, Irish Domains Ltd reserve the right to suspend or terminate services. Renewal of domain names can not be guaranteed after the expiry date. Some top-level domains will incur additional fees for reactivation once they have expired. This includes .eu (late renewal fee of €25+VAT applies after the expiration date) and the International domains (late renewal fee of up to €250+VAT applies approximately one month after the expiration date).
From time to time, we may make domain names or other services available on our website for registration at discounted or promotional prices, or with free time added. The availability and applicability of such promotions may vary. In some instances, customer quotas or other eligibility criteria may be imposed. In other cases, the promotional price may be available only when purchased with another product or service. Once the promotional period has ended, the service will be automatically renewed at the currently displayed renewal rate for that product on our website.
Please note also that depending on the domain involved, the customer may be required to assist in the renewal process of domain names – this may involve responding to an acknowledgement email, or transmission of faxed information to a registrar, registry or other body. This is most often required in the event of late renewals, transfers from quarantine, or where the original registration was not performed directly by Irish Domains or its current registration partners, but may also be required to correct current registrant/contact information.
Chargebacks
The customer is responsible for ensuring that only valid credit/debit cards are configured on their account and if the customer uses a card belonging to another party, the customer warrants that they are acting with full authorization of the cardholder. If a credit/debit card payment is reversed or charged back by the bank (will only happen if the card holder contacts their bank alleging that a payment was unauthorized or fraudulent) the account in question including all services will automatically be suspended. In order to reinstate the service, an admin fee of €30+VAT per transaction will apply in addition to the amount in question.
8. Expiration of Domain Names
Immediately after the expiration of the term of domain name registration services and before deletion of the domain name in the applicable registry’s database, we may direct the domain name to name-servers and IP address(es) designated by us, including, without limitation, to no IP address or to IP address(es) which host a parking page or a commercial search engine that may display advertisements, and we may either leave your WHOIS information intact or we may change the contact information in the WHOIS output for the expired domain name so that you are no longer the listed registrant of the expired domain name.
Reactivation Period
For a period of approximately 30 days after expiration of the term of domain name registration services, we may provide a procedure by which an expired domain name registration or other services may be renewed. We may, but are not obligated to, offer this process, called the “reactivation period”. You assume all risks and all consequences if you wait until close to or after the expiration of the original term of domain name registration services to attempt to renew the domain name registration services. We may, in our sole discretion, choose not to offer a reactivation period and we shall not be liable therefore. The reactivation period renewal process, if any, may involve additional fees. We may make expired domain name services(s) available to third parties, we may elect to become the registrant or record of expired domains, we may auction off the rights to expired domain name services (the auction beginning close to the end or after the end of the reactivation period), and/or expired domain name registration services may be re-registered to any party at any time.
9. Refund Policy
EU Distance Selling Directive
In accordance with the EU distance selling directives,  a consumer has the right to cancel with full refund any new services purchased from Irish Domains Ltd within 14 days of us acknowledging your order, or with 14 days of us commencing to provide the requested service (whichever is the later). An exception to this is in the case of completed domain name registrations (including misspellings) where the domain requested by you has already been registered on your behalf, or issued SSL Certificates where your domain or server name is encoded. Domain names and SSL certificates are considered ‘customized’ services as they cannot be undone or reused by others, so the fees are non-refundable in this instance.
If we fail to provide a requested service within 30 days of receiving your order and payment, you are also entitled to cancel the order for this service and obtain a full refund, provided always that such delay was not caused by us waiting for information from you required to fulfill the order (for example, in the case of .ie registrations or SSL certificates where additional information or supporting documentation may be required).
General Refund Policy
In general, you are entitled to a full refund within 30 days of placing your order where a provided service differs materially from that described on our website, where a delivered service cannot be supplied because of technical fault or unavailability, or where the provided service is obviously unfit for its generally accepted purpose. As we cannot guarantee compatibility of our services and systems with any or all third party applications or services, the refund policy does not apply to such cases unless we have confirmed compatibility in advance with a specific application.
Non-refund policy for managed domain names
Please note that an exception to the general refund policy applies to .ie and similar managed domain names as the applicant is usually required to demonstrate a valid claim on the domain name being sought and to provide supporting documentation to support this claim. The onus is on the applicant before applying for such a domain name to ensure that they can provide the required supporting documentation to substantiate their claim on or entitlement to the domain. You agree and understand that if you do not prove your claim to the domain name within 27 days, the registration authority (IEDR for .ie domain names) may cancel the application and the domain will become generally available for registration. If this happens, we may invoice and charge you for an administration fee equivalent to one year standard renewal price for the ordered domain as displayed on our website, or the amount paid for the domain (if lower).  Any residual balance will remain on the account and may be used to purchase other services within a period of one year of initial payment.
Non-refund policy for domain transfers
Because of the potential for abuse, and the fact that additional action or information is usually required to effect a transfer, we do not allow refund of domain transfer fees. We will resubmit genuine domain transfers where required to allow completion. If the transfer cannot be effected with six weeks because of incorrect information, authorization failure, or other reason beyond our control, we will invoice and charge you for the service as if it had been provided as ordered. Any residual balance will remain on the account and may be used to purchase other services within a period of one year of initial payment.
Discretionary Refunds
At Irish Domains’ sole discretion, we may allow refunds of unused balances on accounts within 12 months of original order placement. Such refunds will be subject to an administrative charge of 15% of the balance being refunded, or €20, whichever is the greater.
10. Data Protection
If you are an individual using our services, your personal information will be protected in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and Irish law as described in the Privacy Statement available on our website and referenced below.
Privacy Statement: https://www.irishdomains.com/privacy-statement
If you are a business or other organization using our services, you may be acting as a Data Controller in respect of personal information you give to us or place on our systems relating to data subjects that are employees, customers etc. and Irish Domains may therefore be acting as a Data Processor.  In this case, and to the extent that the services we provide involve the processing of personal information which you control, the Data Processing Agreement referenced below will apply to your contract with Irish Domains and you agree that it is hereby incorporated into these Terms and Conditions and forms part of your contract with Irish Domains.
Data Processing Agreement: https://www.irishdomains.com/data-processing-agreement
11. Reselling of Services
Irish Domains services may not be resold to third parties without prior authorization. However we do have reseller plans that allow you resell our services to your customers. Resold services are usually provided to you at a discount which will vary with volume. As a reseller, you must provide direct support to your customer, and bill them for the services at a price that you decide. All domain names registered by you on behalf of your customers MUST be registered with the name and address of that customer in the domain holder and administrative contact fields.
If you are reselling Irish Domains products or services, you agree to be bound by our Reseller Agreement that lays out the con
12. Cloud Based Services
Irish Domains may provide a number of cloud based services including  but not limited to Spam Filtering, Content Distribution, Site Scanning, Newsletter Campaigns, Search Engine Optimization Tools, Site Promotion Tools, Anti-Virus, Video Hosting etc that may be subscribed to by customers. Such services may be provided from within a network controlled and operated by Irish Domains, or from the network of a third party service provider, depending on the service. Where such cloud services are provided, Irish Domains may from time-to-time substitute one service provider for another provided the service is equivalent.
13. Security and Disaster Recovery
Irish Domains have a policy of ensuring that all servers are continually patched and updated with the latest operating system and application software to minimize risk of attack or intrusion from outside our network. Wherever possible, advance notice of major software updates and patches and their implications on service availability will be posted on the service page on our website. However, we reserve the right to implement security updates without notice where significant vulnerabilities or risks are identified. Service outages resulting from announced or unannounced security updates are specifically excluded from contracted service level agreements.
Irish Domains take and maintain regular backups of system software and this may include customer data (including web site content and stored email messages) for the purposes of disaster recovery and service continuity. Backup and archive tools may also be made available to the customer for the purpose of archiving website content. Notwithstanding this, it is the sole responsibility of the customer to ensure the integrity and safety of data that they have placed on our systems by maintaining adequate off-network backups.
14. Limitation of Liability
YOU AGREE AND ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOUR USE OF SERVICES PROVIDED BY IRISH DOMAINS LTD OR ITS PARTNERS OR SUBCONTRACTORS IS ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN RISK. YOU AGREE THAT IRISH DOMAINS LTD WILL NOT BE LIABLE, UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES, FOR ANY (a) TERMINATION, SUSPENSION, LOSS, OR MODIFICATION OF YOUR SERVICE(S), (b) USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICE(S), (c) INTERRUPTION OF BUSINESS, (d) ACCESS DELAYS OR ACCESS INTERRUPTIONS TO THIS SITE OR A SERVICE (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, TO WEB SITE(S) ACCESSED BY THE DOMAIN NAME REGISTERED IN YOUR NAME), (e) DATA NON-DELIVERY, MIS-DELIVERY, CORRUPTION, DESTRUCTION OR OTHER MODIFICATION, (f) EVENTS BEYOND IRISH DOMAINS LTD’S AND SUBCONTRACTOR’S REASONABLE CONTROL, (g) THE PROCESSING OF YOUR DOMAIN NAME APPLICATION OR OTHER SERVICE APPLICATION, (h) APPLICATION OF ANY APPLICABLE LAW, REGULATION OR IRISH DOMAINS LTD POLICY (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY RELEVANT DISPUTE POLICY, ACCEPTABLE USE POLICY, OR ANY OTHER ICANN (OR SIMILAR GOVERNMENTAL OR SUCCESSOR ORGANIZATION) ADOPTED POLICIES), (i) DISBURSEMENT OR NON-DISBURSEMENT OF FUNDS BY PAYMENT PROCESSORS; (j) TRANSACTIONS CONDUCTED ON A USER WEB SITE, INCLUDING FRAUDULENT TRANSACTIONS; (k) LOSS INCURRED IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR SERVICE(S), INCLUDING IN CONNECTION WITH E-COMMERCE TRANSACTIONS; (l) UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR ALTERATION OF YOUR TRANSMISSIONS OR DATA; (m) STATEMENTS OR CONDUCT OF ANY THIRD PARTY USING YOUR SERVICE(S), OR (n) ANY OTHER MATTER RELATING TO YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE(S).
FURTHERMORE, YOU AGREE AND ACKNOWLEDGE THAT IRISH DOMAINS LTD OR ITS PARTNERS OR SUBCONTRACTORS WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND (INCLUDING LOST PROFITS, GOODWILL, DATA, THE COST OF REPLACEMENT GOODS OR SERVICES, OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES) REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF ACTION WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF IRISH DOMAINS LTD HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. IN NO EVENT SHALL IRISH DOMAINS LTD’S MAXIMUM AGGREGATE LIABILITY EXCEED THE TOTAL AMOUNT PAID BY YOU FOR THE SERVICES, BUT IN NO EVENT GREATER THAN FIVE HUNDRED EURO (€500.00).
IN THE EVENT OF ANY OF THE FORGOING LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY NOT BEING ALLOWED IN YOUR COUNTRY, IRISH DOMAINS LTD’S LIABILITY IS LIMITED TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW.
15. Indemnification
YOU AGREE TO DEFEND, INDEMNIFY AND HOLD HARMLESS IRISH DOMAINS LTD, ITS SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES, OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, AGENTS, PARTNERS, SUBCONTRACTORS, EMPLOYEES AND LEGAL REPRESENTATIVES FOR ANY LOSS, LIABILITIES, DAMAGES, COSTS OR EXPENSES, INCLUDING REASONABLE LEGAL FEES, RESULTING FROM ANY THIRD PARTY CLAIM, ACTION, OR DEMAND ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO (I) YOUR USE OF OR CONNECTION TO THE SERVICES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, YOUR APPLICATION FOR, REGISTRATION OF, RENEWAL OF OR FAILURE TO REGISTER OR RENEW A PARTICULAR SERVICE REGISTERED IN YOUR NAME, (II) YOUR USE OF ANY DOMAIN NAME REGISTRATION OR OTHER SERVICE; (III) YOUR CONTENT; (IV) YOUR BREACH OR VIOLATION OF ANY TERM, CONDITION, REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF THIS AGREEMENT; OR (V) YOUR VIOLATION OF ANY RIGHTS OF OTHERS. THIS INDEMNIFICATION IS IN ADDITION TO ANY INDEMNIFICATION REQUIRED UNDER THE UDRP OR ANY SIMILAR POLICY.
YOU ADDITIONALLY AGREE TO INDEMNIFY, DEFEND AND HOLD HARMLESS THE APPLICABLE REGISTRY ADMINISTRATOR OR REGISTRAR AND ITS DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AND AGENTS FROM AND AGAINST ANY AND ALL CLAIMS, DAMAGES, LIABILITIES, COSTS, AND EXPENSES (INCLUDING REASONABLE LEGAL FEES AND EXPENSES) ARISING OUT OF, OR RELATED TO, YOUR APPLICATION FOR AND REGISTRATION OF, RENEWAL OF, OR FAILURE TO REGISTER OR RENEW, A PARTICULAR DOMAIN NAME. YOU AGREE THAT THIS INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATION SHALL SURVIVE THE TERMINATION OR EXPIRATION OF THIS AGREEMENT.
16. Complaints
In the event of a complaint arising with regard to any aspect of our service, we would ask that in the first instance, you use the appropriate email contact within our organization (as indicated on our contact page) to discuss the matter. If this does not resolve things to your satisfaction, please put your complaint in writing to “The Managing Director, Irish Domains Ltd, 15 Joyce’s Court, Talbot Street, Dublin 1, Ireland”. As a member of ISPAI and www.hotline.ie, Irish Domains are bound by the ISPAI Code of Practice & Ethics. This affords you a formal complaint mechanism if you feel that our service or site content has breached that code. A copy of the code is available at www.ispai.ie.
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
Privacy Statement: https://www.irishdomains.com/privacy-statement
Acceptable Use Policy: https://www.irishdomains.com/acceptable-use
Data Processing Agreement: https://www.irishdomains.com/data-processing-agreement
Privacy & LegalTerms & Conditions
Privacy Statement
Acceptable Use Policy
Reporting Abuse
GDPR
Pricing
Contact Details Irish Domains Ltd
15 Joyce's Court
Talbot Street
Dublin 1
Email : sales@irishdomains.com
More Contact Details
Latest Service AnnouncementsIE Registry Maintenance this weekend [completed] 13/11/2020Cert issue on email access [resolved] 17/06/2020Problem with VPS hardware node VZWIN15 [resolved] 26/05/2020
Copyright © 1999-2020, Irish Domains, Registered in Ireland No. 306799 Irish Domains and the Irish Domains logo are trademarks of Irish Domains Limited.
Sorry, you can not to browse this website.
Because you are using an outdated version of MS Internet Explorer. For a better experience using websites, please upgrade to a modern web browser.