http://www.irietools.com/company/privacy.html
The Pascal compiler company
Home
About Irie Tools
Sitemap
Privacy Policy
Irie Pascal
Web Programming
Company
About
Customer Service
Privacy
Privacy Policy
Promise
IrieTools respects the privacy of customers and visitors to this website, and therefore
will NEVER sell or otherwise share any personal information received through this site
without the permission of the person or persons involved.
Information collection and use.
Purchases
The names and addresses of persons and organizations who make purchases at this website
are collected. This information is used to make deliveries to the purchaser. This
information is also used to identify existing customers when offering discounts or
upgrades.
Customers are also encouraged to supply additional contact information. If an
email address is supplied with an order then it is used for order confirmation and
shipping notices. Other contact information if supplied may be used to contact the
purchaser if for some reason this becomes necessary.
Mailing lists
Visitors to this website may voluntarily join a mailing list, by supplying an email
address. These email addresses are used only to send out email relevant to the topic of
the mailing list.
Questions
Questions from visitors to this website are collected and may, along with the answers, be included
in the list of frequently asked questions available from this website.
If questions are used in this manner all personal information (such as name or email address) is removed.
Credit card numbers
This website does not collect, or even have access to, any credit card numbers. Credit
card orders are made through our credit card processor,
ShareIt, who are solely responsible for
the security of credit card numbers.
Google Analytics
This website uses Google Analytics to provide reports
on visitor traffic. Irie Tools Limited does have knowledge of or access to the information collected
by Google Analytics (accept through the reports generated
by Google analytics, which do not identify individual visitors).
See the Google Privacy Center.
Cookies
This website does not currently use cookies for any purpose
(Google Analytics does use cookies).
However cookies may be 	used in the future to improve the experience of visitors to this website.
Changes
The details of this privacy policy may change in the future (the current privacy policy
will always be posted on this website), however the guarantee given in the first paragraph
of this policy will be maintained.
Have a question?
No problem.
Ask Your Question
The Company Blog
The main company blog is:
Inside Irie Tools Limited
The StrongLib Blog
The StrongLib blog is:
StrongLib C Programming
Prev:
Customer Service
Copyright © Irie Tools Limited.