http://www.tops.com.pl/en/privacy-policy.html
/legal
Privacy Policy
Tops Online Privacy Statement
Tops Company ("Tops") respect your privacy and is committed to protecting it. Tops provides this Privacy Statement to inform you of our Privacy Policy and practices and of the choices you can make about the way your information is collected online and how that information is used. We've structured our website so that, in general, you can visit Tops on the Web without identifying yourself or revealing any personal information. We make this notice readily available at the bottom of every Tops Web page. Some Tops Web pages are P3P-enabled, which allows you additional control over your personal information.
Types of information we collect
This Privacy Statement covers personal information, non-personal data collection and aggregate reporting.
Personal information
is information that is associated with your name or personal identity of any kind. Tops uses personal information to understand better your needs and interests and to provide you with better service. Once you choose to provide us with personal information, you can be assured it will be used only to support your customer relationship with Tops. Tops will newer sell, rent or lease your personal information to any third party.
Non-personal information
is data about usage and service operation that is not associated with a specific personal identity. Tops collects and analyzes non-personal information to evaluate how visitors use the Tops website.
Non-personal data we collect may include the pages visited on the Tops website, unique URL1 visited within www.tops.com.pl, browser type and IP2 address. Most non-personal data is collected via cookies or other analysis technologies. Web page at www.tops.com.pl use cookies, web beacons and other technologies for data analysis and personalization services.
How we use your information
Tops may use your personal information to provide you with services and to help us better understand your needs and interests. Specifically, we use your information to help you complete a transaction or order, to communicate with you, to provide service and support, to update you on services and benefits, to personalize promotional offers and to personalize some Tops web pages. Occasionally we may also use your information to contact you for market research regarding Tops products or services. We will give you the opportunity to choose your privacy preferences regarding such communications. Credit card information is used only for payment processing and fraud prevention. Credit card information and sensitive personal data are not used for any other purpose by our financial services providers or Tops and will not be kept longer than necessary for providing the services.
Personal data collected online may also be combined with information you provide Tops through other sources such as product registration, call centers or public events such as trade shows or seminars.
Non-personal data is aggregated for reporting about Tops website usability, performance and effectiveness. It is used to improve the customer experience, usability and site content.
Who we share your information with
Tops will not sell, rent or lease your personal information to others. Tops will not share your personal information with third parties except in responding to your requests for products or services. Your permission will always be requested when you submit your information. Tops will also not share personal information with any other third parties without your permission, unless required by law enforcement action, subpoena, or local law.
Your privacy preferences and opting out
Non-subscription services
Tops will not use your personal information for a different purpose than the one stated when you provided your data. Examples of unrelated uses include sending communications about special offers, product information, and marketing messages.
Subscription services
To opt-out of receiving communications you have expressly requested (such as e-mail newsletters, software updates, etc.), use any of the following methods:
Follow the opt-out instructions included in each subscription communication
Write to the Tops privacy responsible staff - be sure to provide your name, e-mail address, and relevant information about your Tops subscriptions and registrations
Your information and third-party companies
Certain Tops services are linked with those from unrelated third-party companies, some which offer you the option to share with both Tops and the third party personal data you provide. Examples include the ability to buy and register software products from a Tops Web page. We will not share your personal information with those third-party companies, unless where it is required to complete the purchase order.
Access to and accuracy of your information
Tops strives to keep your personal information accurate. We have implemented technology, management processes and policies to maintain customer data accuracy. We will provide you with access to your information, including making reasonable effort to provide you with online access and the opportunity to change your information. To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity, such as a password and user ID, before granting access to your data. Certain areas of Tops's website may limit access to specific individuals through the use of passwords and other personal identifiers.
Keeping your information secure
Tops is committed to protecting the information you provide us. To prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, to maintain data accuracy, and to ensure the appropriate use of the information, Tops has in place appropriate physical and managerial procedures to safeguard the information we collect.
We use, whenever possible, Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption when collecting or transferring sensitive data such as credit card information.
Credit card numbers are used only for processing payment and are not used for other purposes. As part of real-time payment processing, Tops subscribes to a fraud management service. This service gives you and Tops an extra level of security to guard against credit card fraud to protect your financial data.
Links to non-Tops websites
The Tops website may provide links to third-party websites for your convenience and information. If you access those links, you will leave the Tops website. Tops does not control those sites or their privacy practices, which may differ from Tops's. We do not endorse or make any representations about third-party websites.
Cookies
A "cookie" is a small data file transferred by a website to your computer’s hard drive. Tops sends cookies when you surf our site, make purchases, request or personalize information, or register yourself for certain services. Accepting the cookies used on our site does not give us access to your personal information, but we may use the cookies to identify your computer.
"Session" cookies do not stay on your computer after you leave our website or close your browser.
"Permanent" cookies are those that remain on your computer. They are used to facilitate shopping, personalization and registration services. "Permanent" cookies can be manually removed by the user.
Contacting us on privacy issues
If you have comments or questions about our privacy policy, please send them to us to the following e-mail address: privacy@tops.com.pl.
1 URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is the global address of documents and other resources on the World Wide Web.
2 IP address is an identifier for a computer or device on a Transmission Control Protocol/Internet Protocol (TCP/IP) network, such as the World Wide Web. Networks use the TCP/IP protocol to route information based on the IP address of the destination.