http://www.aberdeeninc.com/privacy
Aberdeen Privacy Policy
Please review our Privacy Policy as described below.
Aberdeen Privacy Statement
Aberdeen is providing this statement to demonstrate our commitment to your
privacy.
IP Address
We use your IP address to log your session and to diagnose problems with our
server and to administer our web site.
Your IP address is not linked to any personal information.
Cookies
We use cookies to maintain shopping cart information. Cookies never contain any
personal information.
Order Form
We collect visitor's contact and financial information with the purpose of
processing and shipping orders as well as promoting company specials and company
information that we deem are useful and newsworthy to our customers. Customers may
opt-out of future promotions by e-mailing your request to Customer Service. The
information gathered includes billing address, shipping address, e-mail address,
telephone number, credit card number and expiration date. The order form may
also include marketing and demographic questions which are primarily used
internally for marketing and statistical purposes. Only summaries of these demographics
will occasionally be made available to prospective advertisers, vendors or other
business relations. No specific demographic information regarding any select
individual will be provided to any third party companies. Credit card information
is used only for processing orders. This information can only be gathered by
submission from visitor when placing an order.
E-mail Subscription List
You may subscribe to an e-mail specials list from our website. You may receive
information from Aberdeen, and its subsidiaries and affiliates about product
offerings, press releases, and other related information. You may join or leave
this list at any time. Each e-mail sent includes an e-mail address and instructions
for easy removal from the list.
Opt-Out Mailing Address
At any time you may request that your information not be rented or used for
marketing purposes. To do so, please send a request via e-mail with your name and
address to Customer Service. Please allow 5 to 7 business days for processing.
Surveys
Sometimes we require you to complete a survey to participate in a contest or
giveaway. The information is used for demographics purposes to provide to
potential advertisers. This information is provided only as general statistics and is
never provided on an individual account basis.
Mailing Address
In the course of our marketing efforts, we occasionally rent names and mailing
addresses to third party advertisers strictly for direct-mail campaigns.
Financial information and e-mail addresses are always excluded.
Google Analytics
Aberdeen uses Google Analytics features based on Display Advertising and
Remarketing. Using the Ads Settings, users can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display
Advertising and customize Google Display Network ads.
Remarketing with Google Analytics to advertise online.
Third-party vendors, including Google, may show our ads on sites across the
Internet. Aberdeen and third-party vendors, including Google, use first-party
cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) and third-party cookies (such as the
DoubleClick cookie) together to inform, optimize, and serve ads based on someone's
past visits to our website.
Question or Comments
If you would like to comment or have a question about this privacy statement,
please send e-mail to Customer Support.
Questions, Feedback, or Support
Our Technical Support staff is standing by to help you troubleshoot issues,
answer technical questions, locate product manuals, request an RMA, set up
an on-site service visit, and much more.
About Us
Email Us
Call Us
Newsletter