http://www.btopenzone.com/terms-and-conditions/cookie-policy/
My account
Contact us
Wi-fi hotspots
Menu
Buy hotspot access
Using BT Wi-Fi
Find a hotspot
Help & advice
My account
Contact us
Wi-fi for business
Terms & Conditions
Cookie Policy
About BT Wi-Fi
BT Wi-Fi Acceptable Use Policy
BT Wi-Fi Fair Use Policy
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Conditions for BT Wi-Fi Service
BT Wi-Fi Sponsored Access Service
BT Wi-Fi Traffic Management Policy
Conditions for BT Wi-Fi Partner Extranet
Conditions for Collateral Ordering
Conditions of Site Survey
Wi-fi Managed Events
What are cookies and why do we use them?
Cookies are small text files placed on your device when you visit a website or application. Your web browser (such as Google Chrome, Internet Explorer or Mozilla Firefox) then sends these cookies back to the website on each subsequent visit so that they can remember things like preferences.
Cookies are very useful and do lots of different jobs. For example, they enable you to move between our web pages efficiently, they remember your preferences when you visit us again and generally improve your experience when browsing with us. They can also help to ensure that adverts you see online are more relevant to you and your interests.
Cookies last for different lengths of time depending on the job they do. There are session cookies and persistent cookies:
Session cookies only last for your online session and disappear from your device when you close your browser
Persistent cookies stay on your device after the browser has been closed and last for the period of time specified in the cookie
Your choices
We will only read or write cookies for the preference level you set when you first visit our website.
Please note that cookies set before you changed your settings will still be on your computer. You can remove them using your browser settings.
Our free online tool can help you manage the cookies we use on bt.com. To use it, your web browser needs to support JavaScript – if it doesn't you can still find out about the cookies we use here, but you'll need to manage them through your web browser settings.
We also use a cookie to remember your cookie preferences. This means:
If you delete all your cookies you will have to update your preferences with us again – we’ll ask you when you next visit our website
If you use a different device, computer profile or browser you will have to tell us your preferences again
Here are your cookie settings:
Necessary and performance cookies (required) On
Functional cookies Off
Targeting cookies Off
Edit cookie settings
The cookies we use
The cookies used on our website fall into one of three categories:
Essential
Functional
Targeting
1. Essential cookies
Essential cookies consist of two types of cookies: Strictly Necessary and Performance cookies.
Strictly Necessary
Strictly necessary cookies let you move around the website and use essential features like secure areas, shopping baskets and online billing.
We use these strictly necessary cookies to:
Remember information you've entered on order forms when you visit different pages in a single web browser session
Remember what you’ve ordered when you get to the checkout page
Identify you as being logged in to our website
Make sure you connect to the right service on our website when we make any changes to the way the website works
Cookies we have defined as strictly necessary will NOT be used to:
Gather information that could be used to advertise products or services to you
Remember your preferences or username beyond your current visit
See our list of strictly necessary cookies
Our cookies:JSESSIONIDbt_cookie_policyPHPSESSID
Cookies provided by 3rd parties:None
Performance
Performance cookies collect information about how you use our website. For example, which pages you visit and if you experience any errors. These cookies are essential to us being able to operate and maintain our website.
These cookies don't collect any information that could identify you – all the information collected is anonymous.
Accepting these cookies is a condition of using the website, so if you prevent them we cannot guarantee how our site will perform for you.
In some cases, some performance cookies are managed for us by third parties, but we don't allow the third party to use the cookies for any purpose other than those listed below.
We use performance cookies to:
Provide statistics on how our website is used
See how effective our adverts are (we don't use this information to target adverts to you when you visit other websites)
Help us improve the website by measuring any errors that occur
Test different designs of our website
Cookies we have defined as performance will NOT be used to:
Gather information that could be used to advertise products or services to you on other websites
Remember your preferences or username beyond your current visit
Target adverts to you on any other website
See our list of performance
cookies
Our cookies:None
Cookies provided by 3rd parties:
Cookie
Host
s_cc
Adobe
s_sq
Adobe
s_fid
Adobe
s_vi
Adobe
s_vi_lzgax7Ekx60tax60kjkxx
2o7
s_vi_ix7Fbdx7Bneqden
2o7
_ga
Google Analytics
_gid
Google Analytics
_gat
Google Analytics
2. Functional cookies
Functional cookies are used to provide services or to remember settings to improve your visit.
You decide whether or not these cookies are used, but preventing them may mean we can't offer you some services, and will reduce the support we can offer you, such as ‘live chat’.
We use functional cookies to:
Remember if we've already asked you if you want to fill in a survey
Provide proactive live chat sessions to offer you support
Show you when you're logged in to the website
Share information with partners to provide a service on our website. The information shared is only to be used to provide the service, product or function and not for any other purpose
Remember results of tests performed to make the website more relevant to you
Cookies we have defined as functional will not be used to:
Target you with adverts on other websites
See our list of functional cookies
Our cookies:_geomaps_session
Cookies provided by 3rd parties:None
3. Targeting cookies
Targeting cookies are linked to services provided by our trusted partners, as listed below.
You decide whether or not these cookies are used.
We use targeting cookies to:
Link to social networks who may use information about your visit to target advertising to you on other websites
Provide advertising agencies with information on your visit so that we can present adverts that you may be interested in
Deliver content, including video content, tailored to your interests
See our list of targeting cookies
Our cookies:_gads
Cookies provided by 3rd parties:
Cookie
Host
_gads
Doubleclick
DSID
Doubleclick
IDE
Doubleclick
NID
Google
Managing cookies
There are ways you can control and manage cookies on your device. Please remember that any settings you change will not just affect the cookies we use. These changes will apply to all websites you visit (unless you choose to block cookies from particular sites).
Managing cookies in your browser
Most browsers will allow you to choose the level of privacy settings you want. You can block all cookies, or accept all cookies or pick a setting somewhere in between. This range lets you control your cookie settings, so you can:
See what cookies you've got and delete them on an individual basis
Block third party cookies
Block cookies from particular sites
Block all cookies from being set
Delete all cookies when you close your browser
Deleting cookies means that any preference settings you have made on a website will be lost. If you’ve set your preferences to opt out of cookies, this setting will be lost too, as that information is stored in a cookie. Blocking all cookies means functionality on our websites will be lost, as described above. We don’t recommend turning all cookies off when using our websites.
If you want to reduce your cookie settings at any time – for example, if you accept all cookies, but later decide you don’t want a certain type of cookie – you’ll need to use your browser settings to remove any cookies dropped on your previous visit. Once you’ve changed your preference we won’t drop anymore cookies of that type.
Find out how to manage your cookies using the most popular browsers below.
Internet Explorerhttps://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookies
Firefoxhttps://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/cookies-information-websites-store-on-your-computer?
Google Chromehttps://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en
Safarihttps://support.apple.com/en-gb/guide/safari/sfri11471/mac
Further information
Information about cookies
You can read more about cookies at: http://www.allaboutcookies.org
Internet Advertising Bureau
A guide to behavioural advertising and online privacy has been produced by the internet advertising industry which can be found at:http://www.youronlinechoices.eu
International Chamber of Commerce United Kingdom
Information on the ICC (UK) UK cookie guide can be found on the ICC website section:http://www.international-chamber.co.uk/our-expertise/digitaleconomy
×
Become a BT customer and get free access to our wi-fi network
Free BT Wi-Fi for BT Broadband and BT Mobile customers
With BT Broadband and BT Mobile, you get free access to the UK's largest wi-fi network - that means more than 5 million BT Wi-Fi hotspots. Connect for as long as you like and save your mobile data for when you really need it.
Log in to hotspots using your BT ID. Or to get online even faster, download our BT Wi-Fi app and it'll connect you to a hotspot whenever you're in range.
View BT Broadband deals
View BT Mobile deals
×
BT Wi-Fi App
Download our BT Wi-Fi app and it'll connect you to a hotspot whenever you're in range.
Key features
connect automatically to your nearest hotspots
use the new and improved BT Wi-Fi map to find and get directions to your nearest BT Wi-Fi hotspots
use the app to avoid going over your 3G/4G data allowance
Who can use the BT Wi-Fi app?
BT Broadband customers
BT Mobile customers
BT Business Broadband customers
BT Wi-Fi 3 & 12 Month Unlimited subscription customers
BT One Phone customers
Cookies
We use cookies to do things like remember what you've added to your shopping basket, offer live chat support and show you content we think you'll be interested in. If you're happy with the use of cookies by BT and selected partners, click OK.
About cookiesOK
About cookies
Some cookies are essential - we can't provide our services without them. Other cookies can be turned off, although our website won't work as well without them. Click OK to accept cookies and continue.
Edit settingsOK
More about cookies
Functional cookies
These cookies let us do things like remember your login details and settings and provide support using live chat.
Allow functional cookies?
Yes
No
Allow all cookies
Targeting cookies
We use these cookies to do things like show you content and promotions we think you'll like while you're browsing bt.com and other sites. They also let you share pages with social media sites.
Allow targeting cookies?
Yes
No
Allow all cookies
Thanks, you're all set
You can change your cookies settings whenever you like by using the 'Cookies' link at the bottom of every page on this website.
OK