http://www.microangelo.co.uk/privacypolicy
Skip to Navigation. Accesskey: Number 1
Skip to Content. Accesskey: Number 2
Customise This Site
Choose Language
English
Skip to Content. Accesskey: Number 2
Site Navigation
Home
Company
About Us
Philosophy
What Makes Us Different
Affiliations
Services
Accessibility Consultancy
Content Management
Content Writing
Internet Marketing
Hosting & Domains
Web Design
Process
Web Features & Technologies
Accessibility
E-Commerce
Intranet & Extranet Development
Portfolio
Contact Us
Sitemap
Privacy Policy Statement
This is a privacy policy for MicroAngelo Ltd. Our homepage on the web is http://www.MicroAngelo.co.uk/.
Data Collection All Visitors
For all visitors to our site we collect the following information:
Click-stream data
HTTP protocol elements
Put simply, this means our server automatically logs the IP address and/or domain name (but not the e-mail address) of visitors to this web site, which page referred them here, the time and date of the visit, and their browser and operating system. We also record aggregate information on what pages visitors access or visit. This data is used for the following purposes:
Completion and support of the current activity.
Web site and system administration.
Internal review, to improve the content of this web site.
This data will only be used by ourselves and agents—no information is shared with any other organisations.
Visitors Contacting Us
When visitors choose to contact us via our email form, we collect the following information:
The visitor's email address
The visitor's name
At the visitor's option, we may also collect the following data:
Telephone number
Visitor's job title and organisation name
Any other information they choose to include in their message.
This data will be used for the following purposes:
Completion and support of the current activity.
Web site and system administration.
Contacting visitors with the information for which they provided their details.
This data will only be used by ourselves and our agents. This information is collected so that we can send you valuable and useful information which is relevant to your needs and interests. If you supply us with your e-mail address, postal address or telephone number on-line, you will only receive the information for which you provided your details.
Visitors Downloading Software
Visitors choosing to download software or other files from this site are required to furnish the following data:
Visitor's name
Visitor's email address
This data will be used for the following purposes:
Completion and support of the current activity.
Web site and system administration.
Internal review, to improve the content of this web site.
Anonymous user analysis. The user must opt-in to this usage.
Visitors may opt-in to receive emails about updates and bug-fixes related to the file they download. This data will not be used for any other purposes.
Additionally, visitors may opt-in to receive occassional emails from us marketing our services or products. This data will be used by ourselves and our agents—no information is shared with any other organisations.
If you have subscribed to our opt-in mailing list but no longer wish to receive it, please let us know by sending us an e-mail: unsubscribe@MicroAngelo.co.uk/
Cookies
We use a cookie to store your display settings, such as font size, alignment and page style.
Changes to this Policy
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in this privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will contact you before we use your data for these new purposes, to notify you of the policy change and to provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses.
Dispute Resolution
If you think we have not followed our privacy policy in some way, or wish to correct some information we hold on you, please contact us at privacy@microangelo.co.uk
Site Accessibility
‡
Privacy Policy
‡
T & C’s
© Copyright 2020 MicroAngelo Ltd. All Rights Reserved