http://www.rolemodelsoftware.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Notice
RoleModel Software, Inc. and its affiliated websites and software applications.
Effective March 15, 2019
Your privacy is important to us. We provide this notice so you will be aware of (1) the types of personal information we may collect when you use our applications and websites, (2) why we collect it, (3) how we use it, (4) how we protect it and (4) with whom we may share it. This notice also tells you to contact us with any questions or concerns.
Information You Provide
You provide us with personal information in the course of using certain features of this application or website. For example, if you sign up for a subscription, we ask for your name, billing address, phone number, and email address so we can fulfill your request. Depending on the service, we may also collect names, location, addresses, credit card information, date of birth, age, and the name of the parent or guardian.
If you have opted to purchase or subscribe to a fee-based service, we will use this information to pay for your purchase or subscriptions.
You may also choose to email us through the site, in which case we will receive your name, email address, and any other information
you choose to include. We use this information to respond to your inquiry.
We may also add this information to our email lists. We use these lists to communicate with you regarding your use of the application or website or to notify you of products and services that may interest you. You may unsubscribe from the list at any time.
From time to time, we may modify features of our applications and websites. As a result of those changes, you may choose to submit other or additional personal information.
Cookies
We may use cookies. Cookies are files or data stored on the computer or other device you used to access our applications and websites. Cookies can store information that allow our application or website to recognize whether a certain computer or device has been used to visit it in the past. They may enhance your online experience by saving your preferences or information you provide while using our applications or visiting our sites. They may also be used to provide you information of interest to you, including relevant advertising.
Beacons
To manage our automatic data collection, we may use web beacons and other tracking mechanisms on the website or application. Web beacons are small files that link web pages to particular web servers and their cookies. They may be used for a variety of purposes, such as counting users, understanding how they use the site or application, understanding how many emails are opened, and which links are of interest to you.
Information We Collect
When you access our applications and website, we may collect information about your activities. This includes, but is not limited to, your activities within the application or website. In some cases, this
information may be anonymous. In others, it may be tied to your account or other personal information you provide.
We may track your location based on your IP address, or the location of the device using the app.
We will know which sections of the applications or website pages you visit as well as links you may choose to follow from the applications or websites. Depending on your browser settings, we may collect the
URLs of referral or exit pages. We do not track your Internet activity beyond our site or referral/exiting pages.
Other information that we may collect may include your IP address, details of your operating system, information about your browser and system settings, data about the computer or mobile device you use to access the website or applications, unique device identifiers, clickstream information (which shows the page-by-page path you take as you browse), and other details.
We may also use third-party web analytics services, such as Google Analytics, on the Site to provide us with statistics and other information about visitors to the Site.
We collect this information for analytics purposes so we can determine what features interest our users and potentially revise our features or the way they operate as a result.
We may permit third parties to track personal information about users of our application or website. For example, if you sign up for an application that allows you to register for a third party event, the event organizer will be permitted to access personal information you provide in order to manage the event. We also may ask the parents/guardians of minors to enter basic information about their children (most prominently name) in an application.
We may also obtain your information from, and provide information to,
third parties such as gym owners. For instance, gym owners may transmit your information as part of a participant list. This information is used to provide you with services, or communicate with you regarding services you are, or may potentially be, interested in. You should contact the gym where you use or obtain our services to obtain information regarding their data collection, processing, and protection processes.
For further information, or to prevent your data from being placed in participant lists under our control, please contact us using the procedures below. To prevent your data from being placed in participant lists controlled by third parties such as your gym, please contact that party directly.
In general, we use your information to market, inform you about, provide, and improve our services. For example, we may use it to notify contest winners and list participants.
If you provide information about a minor, you
Will be required to approve collection and use of this information before being allowed to use the application.
May review it before submitting it.
May direct us to delete information which you have submitted already.
If you want to direct us to delete information about a minor which you have submitted already, you may contact us at:
ATTN: Chief Operating Officer
RoleModel Software, Inc.
190 Rosewood Centre Drive
Suite 201
Holly Springs, NC 27540
Phone: 919-557-7557
Email: information@rolemodelsoftware.com
"Do Not Track"
Your browser settings may allow you to automatically transmit a “do not track” signal to websites and online services you visit. At this time there is no general agreement in the industry on how “do not track” should be applied. Like many other websites, our website and application are not configured to respond to “do not track” signals from browsers.
Information We Share
If you provide information when using the website or application, or if we collect it as described above, we may share it with third party vendors, business partners, affiliates, service providers or contractors. These third parties assist us with activities such as communications and file management.
We do not authorize these third parties to use or disclose the information except as necessary to perform services on our behalf or to comply with legal requirements.
We may disclose information about you (i) if we are required to do so by law or legal process, (ii) to law enforcement authorities or other government officials, (iii) when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical harm or financial loss,
or (iv) in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual illegal or fraudulent activity.
We further reserve the right to sell or share any information we maintain in the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets. We also reserve the right to share or sell information in the event we go through a corporate reorganization such as a merger, or through the bankruptcy process.
Protecting Personal Information
We maintain reasonable safeguards, such as administrative, technical and physical security measures, to protect your data. For example, we restrict physical access to employees and consultants. Employees are required to sign confidentiality agreements. We hope to offer employee training in the future.
Technically, our services are hosted by a cloud storage provider. The provider offers additional safeguards such as firewalls. We also make efforts to limit access via passwords. The need for access is periodically reviewed.
These measures are intended to prevent against loss, misuse or unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction of the personal information you provide or information we collect through this website or application.
Please note that no method of transmitting or storing electronic data is ever completely secure. Therefore we cannot guarantee that your information will never be accessed, used or released in a manner that is inconsistent with this policy.
Links to Other Sites
We may provide links to other websites for your convenience and information. These websites operate independently from RoleModel Software, Inc. We cannot control and are not responsible for their
privacy practices or content.
As a result, this notice does not apply to any website linked to by our website or application. If you have questions about privacy practices of other sites, you should review their privacy notices or contact the site operator.
The Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act
Our collection of personal information on those sections of the website or application directed to children under 13 is intended to follow the principles of the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”). COPPA is a federal law designed to protect the online privacy of children under the age of 13.
We make an effort to obtain parental/guardian consent before asking for personal information on sections of the website directed to children, unless the request for information falls within an exception that would be permitted under COPPA.
We will not condition a child’s participation in any activity or service on the disclosure of more personal information than is reasonably necessary to participate in an activity.
Parents or guardians may contact us to review, update or delete any of their children’s personal information that we may have collected. They may ask us not to collect any additional personal information from their children. Parents may contact us at:
ATTN: Chief Operating Officer
RoleModel Software, Inc.
190 Rosewood Centre Drive
Suite 201
Holly Springs, NC 27540
Phone: 919-557-7557
Email: information@rolemodelsoftware.com
Changing Your Information and Contacting Us
If you would like to change your information or preferences, please contact us at contact@rolemodelsoftware.com.
If you have questions regarding our privacy practices, or this Privacy Notice, or if you would like to have your information corrected or deleted, you may contact us at:
ATTN: Chief Operating Officer
RoleModel Software
190 Rosewood Centre Drive
Suite 201
Holly Springs, NC 27540
Phone: 919-557-7557
Email: information@rolemodelsoftware.com
Information for Users Outside the United States
If you are a user located outside the United States, please be aware that information we collect will be transferred to and stored on our servers in the United States. By using our website or application, you agree to the transfer and processing of your personal data in the United States. Please be aware that United States data protection laws may be different from the laws in your country of residence.
Binding Arbitration, Choice of Law, And Venue
By using our website or application, you agree that the event of a dispute arising out of, or in connection with, such usage, you and RoleModel waive your right to litigate these issues in any state or federal court, or to have them tried by jury. Provided however, you or RoleModel may seek immediate and temporary injunctive relief from a court of competent jurisdiction sitting in Raleigh, North Carolina, till such time as an arbitrator is appointed. All issues will be resolved through binding arbitration in Raleigh, North Carolina. You agree to enter arbitration through the American Arbitration Association and abide by the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association.
The arbitration shall be conducted by a single arbitrator. If you and RoleModel cannot agree on an arbitrator within 14 days of commencement of an arbitration proceeding by service of a demand for arbitration, the American Arbitration Association shall select the arbitrator.
The substantive laws of the State of North Carolina will be applied in the arbitration proceedings, without regard to principles of conflicts of laws.
You and RoleModel agree to abide by any award issued by the arbitrator and the judgement of any court with jurisdiction may be entered on the award.
The cost of the arbitration will be determined by the arbitrator. You and RoleModel will be responsible for your own litigation fees. The arbitrator may award fees or costs to the prevailing party as permitted by North Carolina law.
Changes to this Notice
Due to the changing nature of the Internet, this policy may be changed at any time. Therefore we ask that you visit our Privacy Policy often so that you are always fully informed.