https://www.inclick.net/pageid/contact/privacy.html
Get Started |
Get Help |
Sign in
>
Home
The inClick Solution
Key Features
Demo
Pricing
Contact
Start an inClick Cloud Server
The inClick Ad Server - 1999 through Today
The inClick Concepts
Common Deployment Types
Deployment: Sponsored Results for Search
Deployment: Niche Market Network
Minimum Server Requirements
Frequently Asked Questions
Online Documentation
Complete Feature List
> Yield Optimized Ad Delivery
> Content-Related Ad Matching
> Proactive Click Fraud Protection
> The Scalable Architecture
> Publisher Reporting Channels (video)
> The Developers API
Frequently Asked Questions
Online Documentation
Contact Us
About Us
Privacy Policy
Online Documentation
PRIVACY POLICY - OUR CONTINUED COMMITMENT TO YOUR PRIVACY
This site is owned and operated by Pet Technologies, Inc. Your privacy on the
Internet is of the utmost importance to us. At inClick.net, we want to make your
experience on-line satisfying and safe.
Because we gather certain types of information about our users, we feel you
should fully understand our policy and the terms and conditions surrounding the
capture and use of that information. This privacy statement discloses what
information we gather and how we use it.
INFORMATION INCLICK.NET GATHERS AND TRACKS
inClick.net gathers two types of information about users:
Information that users provide through optional, voluntary submissions.
These are voluntary submissions are to utilize the use of our ad server
product, the inClick Ad Server.
Information inClick gathers through aggregated tracking information
derived mainly by tallying page views throughout our sites. This information
allows us to better tailor our content to readers' needs and to help our us
better understand the demographics of our audience. Because inClick.net
derives its revenue mainly from the usage of the inClick Ad Server, capturing
such aggregated demographic data is essential. Under no circumstances does
inClick.net divulge any information about an individual user to a third party.
inClick.net Gathers User Information In The Following Processes:
Optional Voluntary Information
We offer the following service which require some type of voluntary
submission of personal information by users:
inClick Ad Server Lease or Licensing
We offer a service that allows users to download and install the inClick Ad
Server.  inClick.net gathers the email address, contact information, and
billing information of users who voluntarily subscribe to our service. Users
may remove themselves from our mailing list by following the link provided in
every newsletter that points users to the subscription management page.
Children
Consistent with the Federal Children's On-line Privacy Protection Act of
1998 (COPPA), we will never knowingly request personally identifiable
information from anyone under the age of 13 without requesting parental
consent.
Usage tracking
inClick.net tracks user traffic patterns throughout all of our sites.
However, we do not correlate this information with data about individual
users. inClick.net does break down overall usage statistics according to a
user's domain name, browser type, and MIME type by reading this information
from the browser string (information contained in every user's browser).
Cookies
inClick.net uses cookies. A “cookie” is a small text file that contains a
string of alphanumeric characters. There are two types of cookies that may be
used at the inClick.net: a persistent cookie and a session cookie. A
persistent cookie gets entered by your Web browser into the “Cookies” folder
on your computer and remains in this “Cookies” folder after you close your
browser. Persistent cookies may be used by your browser on subsequent visits
to the site. A session cookie is held temporarily in your computer’s memory
and disappears after you close your browser or shut off your computer.
USE OF INFORMATION
inClick.net uses any information voluntarily given by our users to enhance
their experience in the use of our service.
As stated above, we use information that users voluntarily provide in order
to utilize our service. We send out newsletters to subscribers on a regular
schedule , and occasionally send out special editions when we think subscribers
might be particularly interested in something we are doing. inClick.net never
shares newsletter mailing lists with any third parties, including advertisers,
sponsors or partners.
When we use tracking information to determine which areas of our sites users
like and don't like based on traffic to those areas. We do not track what
individual users read, but rather how well each page performs overall. This
helps us continue to build a better service for you.
inClick.net creates aggregate reports on user demographics and traffic
patterns for use by inClick.net.
SHARING OF THE INFORMATION
inClick.net uses the above-described information to tailor our content to
suit your needs and help our us better understand our audience's demographics.
This is essential to keeping our service offerings current. We will not share
information about individual users with any third party, except to comply with
applicable law or valid legal process or to protect the personal safety of our
users or the public.
SECURITY
inClick.net operates secure data networks protected by industry standard
firewall and password protection systems. Our security and privacy policies are
periodically reviewed and enhanced as necessary and only authorized individuals
have access to the information provided by our customers.
OPT-OUT POLICY
We give users options wherever necessary and practical. Such choices include:
Opting not to register to receive our electronic newsletters.
Opting not to participate in certain interactive areas, which completely
alleviates the need to gather any personally identifiable information from our
users
PRIVACY NOTICE FOR YOUR CREDIT CARD ACCOUNT
Keeping customer information secure is a top priority for Pet Technologies,
Inc., our parent company, and the bank that issues your credit account. This
notice tells you how we collect, handle and disclose personal information about
you.
We protect personal information by maintaining physical, electronic, and
procedural safeguards that meet or exceed applicable law. We train our employees
in the proper handling of personal information. If or when we use other
companies to provide services for us, we require them to protect the
confidentiality of personal information they receive.
YOUR CONSENT
By using this site, you consent to the collection and use of this information
by inClick.net. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those
changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we
collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.
You may also be interested in:
The above are advertisements are served from the demonstration ad server.
Please feel free to click on them.
Home
The Product
Features
Requirements
Demo
Cost
Contact Us
Get Started
Client Area
About Us
Privacy Policy
Copyright © 1999-2020 inMotion Group. All rights reserved. Ver. 1.3.001
The inClick Ad Server is proudly Made in the USA
Page Build: Friday 11th of December 2020 01:37:17 AM Eastern on 75.126.187.78