http://www.cluen.com/privacy-policy
Home
Learn
Overview
Search Firms
In-House Teams
Legal Recruiters
About Us
News & Events
GDPR
Support
Contact
PRIVACY POLICY
Cluen is committed to protecting the privacy and security of your visits to our website
Privacy Policy
It is our general policy not to make personal information available to anyone other than our employees, staff and agents. If you have received email from us and would like to be removed, please contact us. If you are a security researcher you may securely communicate with us about any vulnerability by initiating contact via email to infosec@cluen.com or calling +1 212 255 6659 and selecting item 5.
Browser Information & Cookies
We log IP addresses, which are the locations of computers or networks on the Internet. We also collect aggregate numbers of page hits in order to improve the value of our site. We do not gather, request, record, require, collect or track any Internet users' personal information through these processes. A cookie is a "crumb" of data stored by a user's browser that helps a web site/service recognize a unique computer; you can remove or block cookies by changing the settings of your browser.
Security
We maintain a variety of physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to protect your personal information—we use commercially reasonable tools and techniques to protect against unauthorized access to our systems. We may have links to outside web sites that we do not control; we are not responsible for the content or privacy policies of these sites (users should check those policies). If you have a Cluen account and wish to delete it, then email accounting@cluen.com with your desired effective termination date for processing.
Access to Your Google and Microsoft Accounts
If you grant the Encore Max application access to your other accounts (Google, Microsoft, etc.), then selected data will be accessed and potentially stored in your Encore Max data file in accordance with your preference setting (each user within your organization can control their access preference).
It is our general policy not to make personal information available to anyone other than our employees, staff and agents.What information do we collect? We may collect your HTTP header information. And with your consent, for storage in your private Encore Max database only, you may instruct our systems to collect your emails, schedules, documents.
How do we use your information? The collected information would be used by you in Encore Max to improve your user experience, and to allow you to share with your designated colleagues in the system. No humans outside of you or such colleagues read such data without your consent in each incident.
What information do we share? Cluen will not share your organization’s data outside of your organization unless requested by your organization.
Privacy Shield
The Cluen Corporation complies with the EU-US Privacy Shield Framework and Swiss-US Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the US Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Union and Switzerland to the United States. The Cluen Corporation has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification, please visit https://www.privacyshield.gov.
In compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles, The Cluen Corporation commits to resolve complaints about our collection or use of your personal information. EU and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our Privacy Shield policy should first contact The Cluen Corporation at: The Cluen Corporation 135 Fifth Avenue, 4th Floor New York, NY 10010 USA Privacy@Cluen.com Other than through any data controller that may have referred you to our systems and who would retain control over your submission(s), Cluen does not disclose your personal information to third parties without your consent. As an individual you may access your personal data or learn about the choices and means for limiting the use of your personal data by contacting the applicable data controller. Cluen is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission (FTC). Cluen may be required to disclose personal information in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. Cluen may be responsible for continued protection of your data in cases of onward transfers to third parties not authorized by you or the applicable data controller. You may invoke binding arbitration to resolve issues of Cluen's conduct under this policy. The Cluen Corporation has further committed to refer unresolved Privacy Shield complaints to ICDR/AAA Privacy Shield Program, an alternative dispute resolution provider located in the United States. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your complaint to your satisfaction, please contact or visit http://go.adr.org/privacyshield.html for more information or to file a complaint. The services of ICDR/AAA Privacy Shield Program are provided at no cost to you.
Human Resources Data
Cluen has further committed to cooperate with EU data protection authorities (DPAs) and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC) with regard to unresolved Privacy Shield complaints concerning human resources data transferred from the EU and Switzerland in the context of the employment relationship. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your complaint to your satisfaction, please contact the EU DPAs or Swiss FDPIC for more information or to file a complaint. The services of EU DPAs and the Swiss FDPIC are provided at no cost to you.
Policy Updates
We reserve the right to revise this policy at any time. You should refer back to this page often for the latest information and the effective date of any changes. If you have questions about this policy, please let us know.
Updated December 11, 2019
News & Articles
Using Storytelling & Recruitment Marketing To Compete For Future Talent
The “War for Talent” has been around for years and the scarcity of leading talent of the incoming workforce is an impending reality. This has created ...
Disruptive Tech and Artificial Intelligence's Impact On Executive Search
Technology continues to evolve and disrupt industries, giving way to entirely new sub-industries such as FinTech, Biotech, Telehealth and more. Blockc...
Video: Candidate Database Is Dead
Our team has been working with Executive Search firms around the world for 28 years developing the most valuable knowledge management systems for Exec...
How To Find The Right Executive Search Software
When hiring for a new employee at any level, there are critical key qualities HR teams and decision makers look for in potential candidates for short-...
Subscribe to Email Updates
OverviewSearch FirmsIn-House TeamsLegal Recruiters
About UsNews & EventsGDPRSupport
Contact Us
© 2020 All Rights Reserved          Privacy Policy