https://www.offtek.co.uk/help-and-faqs/manage-your-orders
Coronavirus Status – We Are Open And Shipping Orders
Home Page ›
Help and FAQs ›
Manage your Orders
Help
New to OFFTEK
Manage your Account
Manage your Orders
Returns, refunds and payment methods
Product Questions
OFFTEK policies
Memory Questions
Delivery Queries
Flash cards/Card Reader Questions
Dram FAQ
Desktop FAQ
Laptop FAQ
Dell FAQ
Other Links
About
Site Map
Help & FAQ
Blog
Manage your Orders
Have you received my order?
If you have received a confirmation email then we have received your order and it is being processed. You can check on the status of your order by logging into your account online and selecting "Your Orders".
If I have paid by bank transfer, how long will it take to receive my order?
Please click here to view our payment options, which will confirm the normal length of time it takes to receive an order when paying by bank transfer.
Why has my order not being dispatched
Provided that we have successfully processed payment on your order then your order will be dispatched when all of the items are in stock. If we were unable to successfully process payment then we will notify you via email of the problem.
How can I amend my delivery address ?
If you have already placed your order and provided that it has not yet been dispatched, then we can amend the delivery address. Please email your requirements to sales@offtek.co.uk with the subject as 'Address Amendment'.
You have the option to store multiple addresses within your online account.  To update this information please "Login" to your OFFTEK account online and select "Your Saved Addresses" from your dashboard.
How Can I track an order ?
You can check on the status of your order by logging into your account online and selecting "Your Orders". If the dispatch information is not complete, then your order has not been dispatched yet and is still being processed. If you expected your order to have been dispatched by now, then the delay may be due to the fact that all of the items you ordered were not in stock. If your order has been dispatched then you can find out how to track your order by logging into your account online, selecting "Your Orders" and then "Track Order".
What is the "Order Reference" field on the Checkout page
This reference is not mandatory and is purely for your benefit, so that you can easily identify an order on your account. I.E. "Sony Vaio 2GB Upgrade", "USB Drive for Xmas Present" etc.
Why have I received another Invoice with my Replacement Goods
When we send a replacement product, we also enclose a copy of your original invoice. This is to ensure that we are able to track the fact that a replacement has been sent and the invoice is purely for your own records. Please note that you will not have been charged again for the replacement product.
How I can obtain an update on my order status ?
You can check on the status of your order by logging into your account online and selecting "Your Orders". If the dispatch information is not complete, then you order has not been dispatched yet and is still being processed. If you expected your order to have been dispatched by now, then the delay may be due to the fact that all of the items you ordered were not in stock. If your order has been dispatched then you can find details about how to track your order by selecting "track order".
How can I obtain a VAT invoice or a Copy invoice
A VAT invoice is enclosed with your order when it is shipped. If you require another copy then you can print one online by logging into your account and selecting "Your Orders" and then print invoice.
How can I get my VAT refunded ?
The VAT element of your order is calculated on the basket page.  You have to option to enter your VAT number at this stage which will then be validated and the VAT amount will be amended accordingly.
We can only provide refunds for VAT registered companies residing outside of the UK. If you require a VAT refund on a specific order that has not already been processed, then please email support@offtek.co.uk with your VAT number.
Can we send a proforma invoice ?
If you require a "Proforma Invoice" then please place an order online and select the bank transfer option as your payment option. You can then print an invoice online by logging into your account and selecting "Your Orders". Once the order has been authorized, you then just need to follow the process outlined in your confirmation email to complete the bank transfer.
How do I claim VAT exemption ?
The VAT element of your order is calculated on the basket page.  You have to option to enter your VAT number at this stage which will then be validated and the VAT amount will be amended accordingly.
Orders being delivered outside the EU will not be charged for UK VAT. Please note that the order may be liable for local duties and customs clearance charges on arrival into the country. For information on applicable charges, you will need to contact your local customs office or tax authority.
×
Contact form for the Privacy Officer
You can contact the Offtek Privacy Officer at any point should you have any queries relating to our "Privacy Policy".
This form allows you execute your right to be forgotten. You have the right to object to our use of your personal data, or ask us to view, edit, remove or stop using it if there is no need for us to keep it.
In order to comply with your request, we may ask you to verify your identity.
If you request removal of your personal information, we may as detailed within our Privacy Policy be required to retain some of your data for a minimum period.
First Name
Last Name
Company Name(if Applicable)
Email Address
Enquiry
We will only use your details to provide a response and/or to complete your request.
By submitting this form you confirm you are aged 16 years or older and agree to our Privacy & Cookies Policy and Terms & Conditions. Submit