https://www.verascape.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Overview
Verascape is committed to respecting the privacy of our users. We strive to provide a safe, secure user experience. This Privacy Statement sets forth the online data collection and usage policies and practices that apply to all of our Web sites (unless a different privacy statement is specifically made applicable). By using a Verascape Web site, you consent to the policies and practices described in this Statement.
Your data will be stored and processed in whole or in part in the United States. If you access a Verascape Web site outside the United States, your usage of that site constitutes consent to the transfer of your data out of your country and to the United States.
Our sites contain links to other Web sites over which we have no control. Verascape is not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of other Web sites to which you choose to link from a Verascape Web site. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of those other Web sites so you can understand how they collect, use and share your information. This Privacy Statement applies solely to the information we collect on a Verascape Web site, and does not apply to information we collect in any other fashion.
Collection and Retention of Information
In some areas of our Web sites, Verascape requests or may request that you provide personal information, including your name, address, e-mail address, telephone number, contact information, billing information and any other information from which your identity is discernible. In other areas, Verascape collects or may collect demographic information that is not unique to you such as your ZIP code, age, preferences, gender, interests and favorites. Sometimes we collect or may collect a combination of the two types of information.
We also gather or may gather certain information about your use of our site, such as what areas you visit and what services you access. Moreover, there is information about your computer hardware and software that is or may be collected by Verascape. This information can include without limitation your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring Web site addresses.
Please remember that if you post any of your personal information in public areas of Verascape, such information may be collected and used by others over whom Verascape has no control. We are not responsible for the use made by third parties of information you post or otherwise make available in public areas of Verascape.
Use of Information by Verascape
We use the information we gather on a Verascape Web site, whether personal, demographic, collective or technical, for the purpose of operating and improving the Verascape Web site, fostering a positive user experience, and delivering the products and services that we offer.
We may also use the information we gather to inform you of other products or services available from Verascape or its affiliated companies or to contact you about your opinion of current products and services or potential new products and services that may be offered.
We may use your contact information in order to send you e-mail or other communications regarding updates at the Verascape site. The nature and frequency of these messages will vary depending upon the information we have about you.
Any feedback you submit in this area becomes our property, and we can use such feedback (such as success stories) for marketing purposes or contact you for further information.
Disclosure of Information to Others
We do not disclose to third parties your personal information, combined personal and demographic information or information about your use of a Verascape Web site (such as the areas you visit or the services you access), except as set forth in the following four subparagraphs.
1. We may disclose such information to companies and individuals we employ to perform functions on our behalf. Examples may include hosting our Web servers, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, processing credit card payments, and providing customer service. These companies and individuals will have access to your personal information as necessary to perform their functions, but they may not share that information with any other third party.
2. We may disclose such information if legally required to do so, if requested to do so by a governmental entity or if we believe in good faith that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to legal requirements or comply with legal process; (b) protect the rights or property of Verascape or its affiliated companies; (c) prevent a crime or protect national security; or (d) protect the personal safety of users or the public.
3. We may disclose and transfer such information to a third party who acquires all or a substantial portion of Verascape’s business, whether such acquisition is by way of merger, consolidation or purchase of all or a substantial portion of our assets. In addition, in the event Verascape becomes the subject of a bankruptcy proceeding, whether voluntary or involuntary, Verascape or its trustee in bankruptcy may sell, license or otherwise dispose of such information in a transaction approved by the bankruptcy court.
Verascape may also share aggregated anonymous information about visitors to each of its Web sites (for example, the number of visitors to Verascape’s different areas) with its clients, partners and other third parties so that they may understand the kinds of visitors to Verascape’s site and how those visitors use the site.
Use of Cookies
Verascape uses “cookies” to help personalize and maximize your online experience and time online. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard drive by a Web page server. Cookies are not used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to your computer, and can only be read by a Web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize Verascape pages, or register for services, a cookie helps us to recall your specific information (such as user name, password and preferences). Because of our use of cookies, we can deliver faster and more accurate results and a more personalized site experience. When you return to the Verascape site, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the features that you customized. We also use cookies to track click streams and for load balancing.
You may have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline all cookies if you prefer. Alternatively, you may be able to modify your browser setting to notify you each time a cookie is tendered and permit you to accept or decline cookies on an individual basis. If you choose to decline cookies, however, that may hinder performance and negatively impact your experience on the Verascape Web site.
Security
Verascape has implemented reasonable technical and organizational measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration or disclosure. However, we cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will never be able to defeat those measures or use your personal information for improper purposes.
Changes to Privacy Statement
If we decide to change our Privacy Statement for Verascape, we will post those changes here so that you will always know what information we gather, how we might use that information, and to whom we will disclose it. If at any time, you have questions or concerns about Verascape’s Privacy Statement, please feel free to email us at info@verascape.com.
Contact Information
Verascape is a name under which Verascape, Inc., an Illinois corporation with its principal place of business at 155 W. Central Road Schaumburg, IL 60195. Verascape, Inc. is the legal entity which determines the purposes and means of processing the information gathered at the Verascape Web site. The information we gather on any Verascape Web site may be shared within Verascape, Inc. and its affiliated companies.
We welcome your comments concerning this Privacy Statement. If you believe that we have not adhered to this Statement, please contact us by e-mailing us at info@verascape.com. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem.
Thank you for using Verascape.
Search