https://www.activetrail.com/privacy_policy/
Features
Email Marketing Software
Marketing Automation
Landing Pages Creator
SMS Marketing Software
Pop-ups & Signup Forms
Online Surveys
Integrations
Signup Forms
E-commerce
Prices
Learning Center
About
Blog
Contact Us
More
Testimonials
Partners
Agencies
Close Menu
Privacy Policy
Home Page
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
ActiveTrail Ltd (“ActiveTrail”, “Company”, “We” or “Us”) is committed to personal privacy and the ethical use of its marketing automation solutions.
The privacy and security of our customers, respondents and visitors’ data are of paramount importance. ActiveTrail is committed to protecting the data you share with us and operates according to all applicable laws, including, but not limited to, Regulation 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of Personal Data and on the free movement of such data (General Data Protection Regulation) (“GDPR”). This privacy policy explains how ActiveTrail processes information that can be used to directly or indirectly identify an individual (“Personal Data”) collected or stored using its systems, which such Personal Data is collected, what are your rights as a data subject and how can you exercise such rights.
Some important keywords you should be aware of
For the purposes of this policy, ActiveTrail defines the term “User” as an individual/entity who is a paying or trial customer of ActiveTrail and/or that uses the Company’s systems and thus has an established relationship with ActiveTrail, and the term “Visitor” as an individual/entity that visits our website (for example: www.activetrail.com). The term “Contact” shall refer to any individual appearing on a User’s mailing list and/or database held by a User on our systems. The term “process” shall have the meaning ascribed to it in the GDPR, i.e., any operation carried out on Personal Data, including collection, organization, storage, alteration, use, erasure etc. “You” and “your” means, depending on the context, either a User, a Contact, or a Visitor.
General
Any information stored on the ActiveTrail’s platform is treated as confidential. All information is stored securely and is accessed by authorized personnel only. ActiveTrail implements and maintains appropriate technical, security and organizational measures to protect Personal Data against unauthorized or unlawful processing and use, and against accidental loss, destruction, damage, theft or disclosure.
What Information do we collect and what do we do with it?
Users
As our customer we may collect the following information regarding you and as provided by you:
Basic company information for billing, secure use of the system as well as for communications purposes including such information as company name, company ID, Company Address, IP addresses, company contact person’s details including names, titles phone numbers and email addresses as supplied by you.
ActiveTrail acts as the Controller regarding such Personal Data collected by it, as such term is defined in the GDPR.
The collected information may be used by ActiveTrail for the provisions of our services to our Users according to our T&Cs and/or any individual agreement executed with each of them, to provide Users with information regarding additional Company products, to provide customer support, and to collect payment when required, however no credit card details or information about payment method are being kept within our systems.
All ActiveTrail’s User account information is held in strict confidence. We do not sell, transfer or share our customer list with any other entities in any manner, other than with certain service providers who may assist us in the provision of our services including customer support, all according to the requirements of the GDPR.
Contacts
As an individual whose email address appears on our Users’ mailing lists and/or databases stored on our systems, you may receive emails sent to you by our Users using our systems. Our Users are the Controller of each such database stored on our systems, and they are the only ones determining which information and Personal Data shall be kept there, by them, for their use alone, whereas ActiveTrail solely acts as a Processor with regards to such Contacts Personal Data. We have no right to use any such information, other than it being saved and processed on our system as part of our service to our Users. Our Users are requested not to include any Sensitive Personal Data, according to the applicable law.
At all times, our Users retain ownership and control of their mailing lists and list information. ActiveTrail Does not contact any such Contacts in any way, nor does it share, transfer, rent, trade or sell, or use or process in any other manner any email addresses and/or any other information inserted and saved by a User on ActiveTrail systems other than providing access to certain service providers who may assist us in the provision of our services including customer support, all according to the requirements of the GDPR.
All ActiveTrail’s Users are requested to sign our Terms and Conditions in which the User guarantees that all Contacts in their lists have explicitly requested to receive emails from their company (opt-in procedure). ActiveTrail may take all necessary steps including legal actions against any User that is found in breach of the Terms and Conditions.
You may unsubscribe at any time from any of the mailing lists held on our system. Any emails sent from our system will always contain an unsubscribe auto-remove link. Unsubscribing from any list will ensure you will never receive anymore emails from that specific list or that User.
Visitors
The Company may collect, record and analyze information of Visitors to its website. We may record your IP address and use cookies. Furthermore, the Company may collect and process any Personal Data that you volunteer to us in our website’s forms, such as when you register to receive more information.
Such Personal Data may comprise of your IP address, first and last name, your postal and email address, telephone number, job title, data for social networks, your areas of interest, and certain information about the company you are working for (company name and address), as well as information as to the type of relationship that exists between the Company and yourself.
All ActiveTrail’s Visitors’ information is held in strict confidence. We do not sell, transfer or share such data with any other entities in any manner, other than with certain service providers who may assist us in the provision of our services including sales and marketing, all according to the requirements of the GDPR.
For how long do we keep Personal Data?
We will retain Personal Data we control and process for as long as needed in order to provide services to our Users and communicate with them. We will retain and use this Personal Data as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. Upon termination of a User’s account and as instructed by it, the account and its Contacts Personal Data shall be deleted by the Company, subject to the aforementioned.
Your rights as a Data Subject
In accordance with the rights of the data subjects according to the applicable legislation, Company Users can at any time access and edit, view, update or delete their contact details by logging in with their username and password to the Company’s platform, whereas Visitors can update, amend or request to delete their Personal Data or apply to know which information is kept by sending a written message to the Company’s Information Privacy Officer at privacy@activetrail.net.
With regards to Contacts’ Personal Data, despite the Contacts’ Personal Data being saved by our Users on our systems, we have no direct relationship with such individuals, and are not permitted to access their information saved on our systems. Therefore, although we acknowledge that such Contact has the right to access his/her Personal Data, or to correct, amend, or delete inaccurate data, upon seeking such action, such individual should direct his or her query to our customer, the User (the data controller), other than unsubscribing from the mailing list, which as mentioned above can be carried out independently on each email sent.
Security
ActiveTrail takes precautions to protect data regarding our customers and their lists of users and prospects. To prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the appropriate use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information. The servers that we store Personal Data on are kept in a secure environment behind firewalls, access management systems and physical protection.
Geographical location
The Company’s “Data Region” is a data center located within a defined geographical area where User, Contact and Visitor data is stored. Personal Data may be transmitted between Data Regions.
For Users and Visitors whose registered address is in the European Union, all processing of Personal Data is performed in accordance with privacy rights and regulations according to the GDPR.
The Company processes data in its data centers located within the European Union. Such data may be accessed from Company’s offices or by its service providers, all in accordance with the legal requirements of the GDPR. As detailed above, the Company has adopted reasonable physical, technical and organizational safeguards which substantially mirror the EU safeguards against accidental, unauthorized or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, disclosure, access, use or processing of the User, Contact and/or Visitor’s data in Company’s possession. In the event that despite such efforts such event does occur, ActiveTrail shall act according to the requirements of the applicable law.
Cookies Policy
A cookie is a piece of data that is stored on your device to help websites and mobile apps remember things about you.
What we use cookies and other tracking technologies for
We use first party and third party cookies for several purposes:
Performance – We use first and third-party cookies in order to track your use of features and content categories. This enables us to concentrate on what matters most to you and make these features and content pieces more accessible and easier to navigate to.
Personalization – We use first and third-party cookies in order to track and target your interests based on your usage profile. For example, we may remind you to use a feature you haven’t used for a while or display the content in your language.
Analytics – We use first and third-party cookies in order to analyze trends and understand what in our website and app works and what doesn’t. This helps us deliver the best and most relevant content all the time.
Advertising – We use first and third party cookies to deliver advertising content on different sites and advertising networks that are most relevant to you and to filter out offerings that are not.
Refusing Cookies on this Site
Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies. However, you have the ability to disable cookies if you wish, generally through changing your internet software browsing settings. It may also be possible to configure your browser settings to enable acceptance of specific cookies or to notify you each time a new cookie is about to be stored on your computer enabling you to decide whether to accept or reject the cookie. To manage your use of cookies there are various resources available to you, for example, the “Help” section on your browser may assist you. You can also disable or delete the stored data used by technology similar to cookies, such as Local Shared Objects or Flash cookies, by managing your browser’s “add-on settings” or visiting the website of its manufacturer. As our cookies allow you to access some of our website’s features we recommend that you leave cookies enabled. Otherwise, if cookies are disabled, it may mean that you experience reduced functionality or will be prevented from using this site altogether.
Links to other sites
Please be aware that while visiting our site, Visitors can follow links to other sites that are beyond our sphere of influence. The Company is not responsible for the content or privacy policy of these other sites.
Trademarks
The name “ActiveTrail” is a registered trademark owned by ActiveTrail™ Ltd and ActiveTrail Systems Ltd. The trademarks, tradenames, service marks and logos (“Trademarks”) used and displayed on this Website are registered and unregistered Trademarks of ActiveTrail. No display or use of such Trademarks may be made without the express prior written permission of ActiveTrail.
Acceptance of these Conditions
We assume that all Visitors of our website and Users of Company’s platform have carefully read this document prior to agreeing to the process by the Company of their Personal Data. Kindly note that any consent is entirely voluntary. If someone does not agree with this privacy policy, they should refrain from agreeing to the processing of data upon registration, however, some Company’s services may then become unavailable, as the services provided by the Company require such processing of Personal Data. Your said consent to the process of Personal Data may be withdrawn by you at any time by delivering a written message to the Information Privacy Officer at privacy@activetrail.net. We reserve the right to change our privacy policy as necessity dictates, upon suitable prior notice. This privacy policy is an integral part of Company’s Terms & Conditions.
Legal Obligation to Disclose Personal Data
We will reveal a Visitor, Contact or User’s Personal Data without his/her prior permission only when we have reason to believe that the disclosure of this information is required by law. In addition, any information saved on our systems may be used by us in order to protect our legal interests and prosecute and/or defend legal proceedings.
Company’s Data Protection Officer
The Company has a “Data Protection Officer” who is responsible for matters relating to privacy and data protection.This Data Protection Officer can be reached at the following email address: dpo@activetrail.net
If you have any questions about our privacy policy, the practices of this website, or your dealings with our company, please click here to email us.
Our designated privacy representative in the EU can be reached on the following address:
Name: Caroline Quercy
Address:
119 rue du Président Wilson
92300 Levallois-Perret
France
Email: Caroline@activetrail.eu
We use cookies to assist you with more targeted content and more personalized user experience. By using this website, you consent to our use of cookies. Cookies policy and settings