http://www.int.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to main content Skip to footer
Effective May 25, 2018
Respecting your privacy is extremely important to INT.
This Privacy Policy explains how we use and protect information gathered through our public website (www.int.com), and applies solely to information collected by this site. By using our website, you consent to the collection, use, and disclosure of that information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you have any questions, please let us know.
Personal Information Collection and Use
Personal information is data that can be used to identify or contact a single person.
You may be asked to share personal information with us to contact us regarding a current INT license or to request a demo or trial of our software, to sign up for events, to apply for a career at INT, or to subscribe to communications. We may use this information to improve our products, website, and content, but we will never share your information with anyone outside our organization for any purpose, including promotional purposes.
Examples of personally identifiable data we may collect:
When you fill out a form for a demo or trial request or to request technical support or customer service, we may collect your name, email address, job title, phone number, company name, and current INT license status.
For product-related announcements, blog subscriptions, and marketing materials, such as case studies and product release highlights, we may request your name and email address.
If you apply for a position posted on our career page, we may collect your name, email address, phone number, cover letter, and resume.
We use an online marketing automation software, Act-On, to track user interactions with our site, send and track email, and post social media updates. See the Act-On Privacy Policy here.
INT stores the following data in Salesforce, a customer relationship management software (but does not share this data with Salesforce itself): customer name, employee name, corporate email, corporate phone number, mobile number (if used for business), physical address (corporate office), and link to LinkedIn profile. To learn more, view the Salesforce Privacy Policy.
How we use your personal information
Your personal information allows us to contact you regarding product updates, announcements, software fixes, upcoming events, surveys, and marketing communications. You may opt-out of these at any time by visiting our User Communications Preferences Center (accessed by clicking the link at the bottom of any email from INT).
We may also use your information to send important communications regarding your demo, trial, or license/subscription. Because some of these product notices are critical, you may not opt out of receiving these communications.
We use data stored in our CRM (Salesforce) solely to conduct business transactions, including marketing and support-related interactions.
All data is controlled by Interactive Network Technologies, Inc.
Non-Personal Information Collection and Use
We use Google Analytics to collect anonymous, non-personal information on our users to measure and analyze how users interact with our site to optimize navigation and user experience. To learn more about which cookies Google Analytics uses to collect this information, see the Google Analytics Cookie Usage on Websites page. Google maintains its own privacy policy. For more information, see the Google Privacy Policy. To see how Google uses and shares data with their partners, see the Google Partners Privacy Policy.
You may opt out of Google Analytics cookies altogether by using this Google Analytics Opt-Out Add-on.
We use technologies such as Hotjar to help us better understand our users’ experience (e.g. understand the flow from page to page, see which pages are performing, see any issues with navigation or content, etc). Hotjar uses cookies and other technologies to collect anonymous data on our users’ behavior and their devices (in particular, device IP address (captured and stored only in anonymized form), device screen size, device type (unique device identifiers), browser information, geographic location (country only), preferred language used to display our website). Hotjar stores this information in a pseudonymized user profile. Neither Hotjar nor INT will ever use this information to identify individual users or to match it with further data on an individual user. For more information, please see Hotjar’s privacy policy.
You can opt-out of Hotjar’s storing of data about your usage of our site and Hotjar’s use of tracking cookies on other websites by following this opt-out link.
Cookies
We use cookies and other web technologies such as beacons to automatically collect non-personal data to enhance and improve your user experience (for example, we may use cookies to remember a User’s information so that the User does not have to re-enter it on subsequent visits). Cookies can enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site. For more information on cookies, please visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org/.
Sharing of Information
INT is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We do not sell or rent this information to anyone. We will use your information to respond to you regarding the reason you contacted us, such as support tickets, trial requests, demo requests, developer community access, etc. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g., to answer a question or to ship an order.
INT may disclose specific information upon governmental request, in response to a court order, when required by law, or to protect our or others’ rights, property, or safety. We do not provide information to these agencies or companies for marketing or commercial purposes.
Your Access to and Control over Information
We respect your privacy and your right to choose how much data you share with us. Your rights include the ability to see what data we have about you, if any; change/correct any data we have about you; request that we delete any data we have about you (in most cases, this request will be fulfilled within 24 hours); express any concern you have about our use of your data; and opt out of future contacts from us at any time. If you wish to access, change, or delete any of the personal data we collect about you, you may email us or contact us at +1 (713) 975-7434.
External Links
This website may contain links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy policies and practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Security
Some of the features on this website allow you to communicate with us using an online form. If your communication requests a response from us, our response may include your personal information, including your name, address, phone number, and/or company, etc. While we follow accepted industry standards to protect your information, unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet or via email can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, and we cannot guarantee that our emails to you will be secure from unauthorized interception. As such, we cannot guarantee or warrant this website or its security components against breaches of security, the interruption of the system, or user error and misuse.
If we learn of a security breach, we will inform you as quickly as possible (generally within 24 hours) and the authorities within 72 hours, in accordance with applicable law.
Children’s Privacy
We take all of our users’ privacy very seriously, however, the privacy of young children is especially important. Users of all ages may access and view our website, but we do not intentionally solicit, collect, or maintain personal information from children under 16, and we ask that parents supervise their children while online. If we learn that personal information was submitted by a child under 16, we will delete the information from our system within 24 hours.
Updates
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time, and all updates will be posted on this page. If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy or if you have any questions or concerns, you may email us or contact us at +1 (713) 975-7434.
FooterSolutions
Enterprise Data Visualization
Exploration, Drilling, & Production
For Developers
Customer Success Stories
Products
IVAAP
INTViewer
GeoToolkit
HTML5Viewer
Interactive Demos
About
News
Events
Careers
Management Team
Resources
Blog
FAQ
Support
JIRA
Developer Community
Contact
© 1989–2020 Interactive Network Technologies, Inc.
Privacy Policy