https://www.shareaholic.com/terms/
The Really Big Picture
We run a service called Shareaholic and would love for you to use it. Our basic services are free,
and we offer paid upgrades for certain advanced features. We don't like long hard-to-read legal documents either, but
our advisors insisted we post this here. We hope you find our service to be useful, and that you have fun with
Shareaholic!
Date of Last Revision: May 31, 2020
Terms of Service
Acceptance of Terms. Shareaholic, Inc. ("Shareaholic") welcomes you. Shareaholic provides its
free and paid services to you subject to the following Terms of Service ("TOS"). We may revise these Terms of
Service at any time by posting an update to this page. You should visit this page periodically, because your
continued use of any of Shareaholic's services will mean you accept those changes, whether you've read them or
not. In addition, when using particular Shareaholic owned or operated services, you and Shareaholic shall be
subject to any posted guidelines or rules applicable to such services, which may be posted from time to time. All
such guidelines or rules are hereby incorporated by reference into the TOS. If you are entering into this TOS on behalf of a company or other organization, you hereby warrant and represent that you are authorized to enter into this TOS on behalf of such company or other organization.
Because Shareaholic provides a wide range of Services, we may ask you to review and accept supplemental terms that apply to your interaction with a specific app, product, or service. To the extent those supplemental terms conflict with this TOS, the supplemental terms associated with the app, product, or service govern with respect to your use of such app, product or service to the extent of the conflict.
Description of Service. Shareaholic provides users with access to a rich collection of resources, including but not limited to, various software applications, analytics, general content, personalized content and member programs, such as, but not limited to surveys and opinion polls (the "Service"). You understand and agree that the Service may include advertisements and that these advertisements are necessary for Shareaholic to provide the Service. You also understand and agree that the Service may include certain communications from Shareaholic, such as service announcements, administrative messages and survey invitations and that these communications are considered part of Shareaholic membership. You further understand that the Service may include sponsored recommendations provided by Shareaholic and/or a third party for, but not limited to products, news articles, images, illustrations, audio clips and video clips. Unless explicitly stated otherwise, any new features that augment or enhance the current Service, including the release of new Shareaholic properties, shall be subject to the TOS. You understand and agree that the Service is provided "AS-IS" and that Shareaholic assumes no responsibility for the timeliness, deletion, mis-delivery or failure to store any user communications or personalization settings. You are responsible for obtaining access to the Service, and that access may involve third-party fees (such as Internet service provider or airtime charges). You are responsible for those fees, including those fees associated with the display or delivery of advertisements. In addition, you must provide and are responsible for all equipment necessary to access the Service.
Your Registration Obligations. In consideration of your use of the Service, you represent that
you are of legal age to form a binding contract and are not a person barred from receiving services under the laws
of the United States or other applicable jurisdiction. You also agree to: (a) provide true, accurate, current and
complete information about yourself as prompted by the Service's registration form (the "Registration Data") and
(b) maintain and promptly update the Registration Data to keep it true, accurate, current and complete. If you
provide any information that is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, or Shareaholic has reasonable
grounds to suspect that such information is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, Shareaholic has the
right to suspend or terminate your account and refuse any and all current or future use of the Service (or any
portion thereof).
Subscription Period. You will be entitled to receive the Service only during the subscription period ("Subscription Period") specified in your billing form ("Billing Form"). Subscriptions will automatically renew on a month-to-month or annual basis until cancelled by you. Each month during the Subscription Period, you will be entitled to access services specified in the Billing Form. You will not be able to carry over to a subsequent Subscription Period any unused portion of your subscription as it will expire at the end of the associated Subscription Period.
Payment Terms. You agree to pay Shareaholic the subscription fee specified in the Billing Form during the Subscription Period ("Subscription Fee"). A valid payment method is required to subscribe to the Service. The Subscription Fee is payable in advance for the Subscription Period, regardless of whether the Subscription Period is on an annual or a month-to-month basis. You will automatically be charged the Subscription Fee at the beginning of each subscription period. Subscription Fees are non-refundable and non-transferable. You can cancel a subscription at any time on your Billing Settings page. If you cancel a subscription you will still have access to the subscription through the end of the subscription period. Accordingly, if you elect to cancel your subscription to the Service during the Subscription Period, you will not receive a refund of the Subscription Fee(s) previously paid to Shareaholic. If your payment method is no longer valid, then, unless you provide a new valid payment method, Shareaholic will terminate the Service prior to the start of the subsequent subscription period. The Subscription Fee is payable in United States dollars (including, if any, all applicable taxes).
Differing Subscriptions. We may offer a number of subscription plans, including special promotional plans with differing conditions and limitations. Any materially different terms from those described in these Terms of Service will be disclosed at your sign-up or in other communications made available to you. We reserve the right to modify, terminate or otherwise amend our offered subscription plans.
Member Account, Password and Security. You will receive a password and account designation upon completing the Service's registration process that will permit you and only you to access the Service. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the password and account and are fully responsible for all activities that occur under your password or account. You agree to (a) immediately notify Shareaholic of any unauthorized use of your password or account or any other breach of security, and (b) ensure that you exit from your account at the end of each session. Shareaholic cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with this section.
Shareaholic's Proprietary Rights. You acknowledge and agree that the Service and any necessary software used in connection with the Service ("Software") contain proprietary and confidential information that is protected by applicable intellectual property and other laws. You further acknowledge and agree that Content contained in sponsor advertisements or information presented to you through the Service or by advertisers is protected by copyrights, trademarks, service marks, patents or other proprietary rights and laws. Except as expressly authorized by Shareaholic or advertisers, you agree not to modify, rent, lease, loan, sell, distribute or create derivative works based on the Service or the Software, in whole or in part.
Shareaholic grants you a personal, non-transferable and non-exclusive right and license to use the object code of its Software; provided that you do not (and do not allow any third party to) copy, modify, create a derivative work from, reverse engineer, reverse assemble or otherwise attempt to discover any source code, sell, assign, sublicense, grant a security interest in or otherwise transfer any right in the Software. You agree not to modify the Software in any manner or form, nor to use modified versions of the Software, including (without limitation) for the purpose of obtaining unauthorized access to the Service. You agree not to access the Service by any means other than through the interface that is provided by Shareaholic for use in accessing the Service.
Shareaholic Privacy Policy. We know that your privacy and the security of your information is important. For this reason, we have created a Privacy Policy that describes our collection, use and disclosure of information.
Data Collection. In consideration of your access to and use of the Services, you agree that we on our own behalf or on behalf of our trusted partners, may deploy a cookie, pixel tag, and/or web beacons when an End User visits a Publisher Site in order to record anonymous (i.e., non-personal) information. This may include information about how an End User uses the web, such as the web search that landed the End User on a particular page or categories of the End User's interests. Our data collection, use and disclosure practices are described more fully in our Privacy Policy.
Data Rights. By using the Service on or within a website, URL, web page and software application, or mobile device application owned or operated by you ("Publisher Site") on which Shareaholic Services are enabled or used, you agree that Shareaholic may collect data and information related to individuals who access the Publisher Site(s) ("End User"). You hereby grant Shareaholic a non-exclusive, worldwide, perpetual, royalty-free, irrevocable, fully sub-licensable license to (a) collect, use and disclose data collected from the Publisher Site(s) regarding End User’s visit to and activity on the Publisher Site(s) (“Data”) to third parties consistent with the Shareaholic Terms of Service and Privacy Policy and to allow Shareaholic’s trusted third party partners to do the same. Shareaholic may use the Data to, including but not limited to, target advertising toward the End User or authorize others to do the same; and (b) use, reproduce, modify, adapt, translate, publish, publicly perform, publicly display, broadcast, transmit and distribute the Data for any purpose and in any form, medium, or technology now known or later developed. This includes, without limitation, the right to incorporate or implement the Data into any Shareaholic product or service (including the Services), and to display, market, sublicense and distribute the Data as incorporated or embedded in any product or service (including the Services) distributed or offered by Shareaholic. You warrant that: (a) you have the right and authority to grant this license; (b) Shareaholic’s exercise of the rights granted pursuant to this license will not infringe or otherwise violate any End User’s or any third party rights; and (c) all so-called moral rights in the Data have been waived to the full extent allowed by law.
Important Notification Requirements for Publisher Sites: We are concerned about the privacy of End Users and want to provide them choice regarding the use of their information.
You agree to (a) provide End Users any notices required by applicable laws, and (b) obtain End User consent, and all necessary End User permissions required for you to use the Service and to share Data.
We require that Publisher Sites include an appropriate statement of disclosure about the use of the Service on the Publisher's sites and a link to an effective third party cookie opt out mechanism, such as the Digital Advertising Alliances, www.aboutads.info/choices. For example:
"We allow third-party companies, including Shareaholic, to collect certain information (including IP address and information about your browser or operating system) when you visit our website. These companies may use non-personally identifiable information during your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements or content likely to be of greater interest to you. These companies typically use a cookie or a third party web beacon to collect this information. The cookies may reflect de-identified demographic or other data linked to data you voluntarily have submitted us, e.g., your email address, that they may share with a third-party solely in hashed, non-human readable form. To learn more about this behavioral advertising practice, you can visit www.networkadvertising.org. To opt-out of these data provider cookies, please go to http://www.aboutads.info/choices."
The disclosure should be easily accessible to End Users and should be linked to conspicuously from the applicable home page and other relevant pages of the applicable Publisher Sites and/or within the applicable applications. You hereby attest that you will provide examples of such notices provided upon request.
Affiliate Marketing Notice: The Federal Trade Commission requires that publishers disclose to their readers when they endorse a product or service and have a "material connection" to the seller. If a publisher is using affiliated links, with or without Shareaholic, they have that connection. Including a disclosure in an appropriate section of the Publisher Site is a great way to disclose this connection to your visitors:
"Our website may contain affiliate marketing links, which means we may get paid commission on sales of those products or services we write about. Unless stated otherwise, our editorial content is not influenced by advertisers or affiliate partnerships. This disclosure is provided in accordance with the Federal Trade Commission's 16 CFR § 255.5: Guides Concerning the Use of Endorsements and Testimonials in Advertising."
Note that because laws across countries and territories vary, and because Shareaholic can be used in many ways, Shareaholic is unable to provide the exact language you need to include in your privacy policy and terms of service. Only you understand the unique aspects and special considerations of your business, and your privacy policy and terms of service should account for this information that only you can provide.
Member Conduct. In consideration of your use of the Service, you agree to provide honest
opinions and answers to any surveys or polls you participate in. Shareaholic maintains the right to terminate
access to the Service if it deems you are in breach of this behavior.
When posting data, comments, opinions, or site feedback ("Content") to the Service you acknowledge that
Shareaholic may or may not pre-screen Content, but that Shareaholic and its designees shall have the right (but
not the obligation) in their sole discretion to pre-screen, refuse, or move any Content that is available via the
Service. Without limiting the foregoing, Shareaholic and its designees shall have the right to remove any Content
that violates the TOS or is otherwise objectionable. You agree that you must evaluate, and bear all risks
associated with, the use of any Content, including any reliance on the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of
such Content. In this regard, you acknowledge that you may not rely on any Content created by Shareaholic or
submitted to Shareaholic, including without limitation, information in Shareaholic Analytics, Shareaholic Blog,
Forums and/or Message Boards and in all other parts of the Service.
You acknowledge, consent and agree that Shareaholic may access, preserve and disclose your account information
and Content if required to do so by law or in a good faith belief that such access preservation or disclosure is
reasonably necessary to: (a) comply with legal process; (b) enforce the TOS; (c) respond to claims that any
Content violates the rights of third parties; (d) respond to your requests for customer service; or (e) protect
the rights, property or personal safety of Shareaholic, its users and the public.
Interstate Nature of Communications on Shareaholic Network. When you register with Shareaholic,
you acknowledge that in using Shareaholic services to send electronic communications (including but not limited to
search queries, sending messages to Shareaholic Blog or Shareaholic feedback forums, uploading photos and files to
Shareaholic, and other Internet activities), you will be causing communications to be sent through Shareaholic's
computer networks located in Massachusetts, and other word-wide locations. As a result, and also as a result of
Shareaholic's network architecture and business practices and the nature of electronic communications, even
communications that seem to be intrastate in nature can result in the transmission of interstate communications
regardless of where you are physically located at the time of transmission. Accordingly, by agreeing to the TOS,
you acknowledge that use of the service results in global data transmissions.
Special Admonitions for International Use. Recognizing the global nature of the Internet, you
agree to comply with all local rules regarding online conduct and acceptable Content. Specifically, you agree to
comply with all applicable laws regarding the transmission of technical data exported from the United States or the
country in which you reside. Shareaholic cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from your
failure to comply with this section.
Content Submitted or Made Available for Inclusions on the Service. Shareaholic does not claim
ownership of Content you submit or make available for inclusion on the Service. However, with respect to Content you
submit or make available for inclusion on publicly accessible areas of the Service, you grant Shareaholic the
perpetual, worldwide, royalty-free, irrevocable and fully sub-licensable license to use, distribute, reproduce,
modify, adapt, publish, translate, publicly perform and publicly display such Content (in whole or in part) and to
incorporate such Content into other works in any format or medium now known or later developed. "Publicly
accessible" areas of the Service are those areas of the Service of properties that are intended by Shareaholic to be
available to the general public. By way of example, publicly accessible areas of the Service would include
Shareaholic Blog, message boards and forums.
Indemnity. You agree to indemnify and hold Shareaholic and its subsidiaries, affiliates,
officers, agents, employees, partners and licensors harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable
attorneys' fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of Content you submit, post, transmit or otherwise
make available through the Service, your use of the Service, your connection to the Service, your violation of the
TOS, or your violation of any rights of another.
No Resale or Redistribution of Service. You agree not to reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell,
trade, resell or exploit for any commercial purposes, any portion of the Service, use of the Service, or access to
the Service.
Modifications to Service. Shareaholic reserves the right at any time and from time to time to
modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the Service (or any part thereof) with or without notice. You
agree that Shareaholic shall not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension or
discontinuance of the Service.
Special Provisions Applicable to Advertisers. If you use our advertising creation interfaces for creation, submission and/or delivery of any advertising or other commercial or sponsored activity or content (collectively, the "Ad Interfaces"), you agree to our Advertising Terms.
Special Provisions Applicable to Monetization Service. If you use any our monetization services, you agree to our Monetization Services Terms.
Termination. You agree that Shareaholic may, under certain circumstances and without prior
notice, immediately terminate your Shareaholic account, any associated e-mail address, and access to the Service.
If such termination does not result from your breach of the Terms of Service, then you will receive a pro-rata
refund of any fees pre-paid to Shareaholic for the period subsequent to the termination.
You may cancel your account at any time, for any reason. To request cancellation, email us using our
helpdesk form. If you cancel your account during a subscription period, the unused portion of your subscription will not be refunded.
Dealings with Advertisers. Your correspondence or business dealings with, or participation in
promotions of, advertisers found on or through the Service, including payment and delivery of related goods or
services, and any other terms, conditions, warranties or representations associated with such dealings, are solely
between you and such advertiser. You agree that Shareaholic shall not be responsible or liable for any loss or
damage of any sort incurred as the result of any such dealings or as the result of the presence of such
advertisers on the Service.
Links. The Service may provide, or third parties may provide, links to other World Wide Web
sites or resources. Because Shareaholic has no control over such sites and resources, you acknowledge and agree
that Shareaholic is not responsible for the availability of such external sites or resources, and does not endorse
and is not responsible or liable for any Content, advertising, products or other materials on or available from
such sites or resources. You further acknowledge and agree that Shareaholic shall not be responsible or liable,
directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or
reliance on any such Content, goods or services available on or through any such site or resource.
Disclaimer of Warranties. You expressly understand and agree that:
YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. THE SERVICE IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS.
SHAREAHOLIC AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, PARTNERS AND LICENSORS EXPRESSLY
DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.
SHAREAHOLIC AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, PARTNERS AND LICENSORS MAKE NO
WARRANTY THAT (i) THE SERVICE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS; (ii) THE SERVICE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY,
SECURE OR ERROR-FREE; (iii) THE RESULTS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE USE OF THE SERVICE WILL BE ACCURATE OR
RELIABLE; (iv) THE QUALITY OF ANY PRODUCTS, SERVICES, INFORMATION OR OTHER MATERIAL PURCHASED OR OBTAINED BY
YOU THROUGH THE SERVICE WILL MEET YOUR EXPECTATIONS; AND (v) ANY ERRORS IN THE SOFTWARE WILL BE CORRECTED.
ANY MATERIAL DOWNLOADED OR OTHERWISE OBTAINED THROUGH THE USE OF THE SERVICE IS ACCESSED AT YOUR OWN
DISCRETION AND RISK, AND YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR LOSS OF DATA
THAT RESULTS FROM THE DOWNLOAD OF ANY SUCH MATERIAL.
NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, OBTAINED BY YOU FROM SHAREAHOLIC OR THROUGH OR FROM THE
SERVICE SHALL CREATE ANY WARRANTY NOT EXPRESSLY STATED IN THE TOS.
Limitation of Liability. YOU EXPRESSLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT SHAREAHOLIC AND ITS
SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, PARTNERS AND LICENSORS SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY
INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DAMAGES FOR LOSS
OF PROFITS, GOODWILL, USE, DATA OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES (EVEN IF SHAREAHOLIC HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGES), RESULTING FROM: (i) THE USE OR THE INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICE; (ii) THE COST OF PROCUREMENT OF
SUBSTITUTE GOODS AND SERVICES RESULTING FROM ANY GOODS, DATA, INFORMATION OR SERVICES PURCHASED OR OBTAINED OR
MESSAGES RECEIVED OR TRANSACTIONS ENTERED INTO THROUGH OR FROM THE SERVICE; (iii) UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR
ALTERATION OF YOUR TRANSMISSIONS OR DATA; (iv) STATEMENTS OR CONDUCT OF ANY THIRD PARTY ON THE SERVICE; OR (v) ANY
OTHER MATTER RELATING TO THE SERVICE. IN NO EVENT WILL SHAREAHOLIC BE LIABLE FOR DAMAGES IN EXCESS OF THE MONTHLY
SUBSCRIPTION FEES PAID BY YOU DURING THE PRIOR THREE (3) MONTH PERIOD.
Exclusions and Limitations. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN WARRANTIES
OR THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES. ACCORDINGLY, SOME OF THE
ABOVE LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
Notice. Shareaholic may provide you with notices, including those regarding changes to the TOS,
by e-mail, or postings on the Service.
Trademarks. Shareaholic, the Shareaholic logo, and other Shareaholic trademarks, service marks,
graphics and logos used in connection with Shareaholic are trademarks or registered trademarks of Shareaholic, Inc
in the United States and/or other countries. Other trademarks, service marks, graphics and logos used in
connection with Shareaholic may be the trademarks of their respective owners.
Customer Reference. You agree that we may identify you or your company as a representative
Shareaholic customer and/or user by using your name, avatar, company name and logo on the Shareaholic website and
otherwise in connection with marketing and promoting Shareaholic.
General Information
Entire Agreement. The TOS constitutes the entire agreement between you and Shareaholic and governs your
use of the Service, superseding any prior agreements between you and Shareaholic with respect to the Service. You
also may be subject to additional terms and conditions that may apply when you use other Shareaholic services.
Choice of Law and Forum. The TOS and the relationship between you and Shareaholic shall be governed by the
laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts without regard to its conflict of law provisions. You and Shareaholic agree to
submit to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction of the courts located within the county of Suffolk,
Massachusetts.
Waiver and Severability of Terms. The failure of Shareaholic to exercise or enforce any right or provision
of the TOS shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. If any provision of the TOS is found by a
court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, the parties nevertheless agree that the court should endeavor to
give effect to the parties' intentions as reflected in the provision, and the other provisions of the TOS remain
in full force and effect.
Statute of Limitations. You agree that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or
cause of action arising out of or related to use of the Service or the TOS must be filed within six (6) months after
such claim or cause of action arose or be forever barred.
Copyright Policy
Digital Millennium Copyright Act
As Shareaholic asks others to respect its intellectual property rights, it respects the intellectual property rights
of others. If you believe that material located on or linked to by any Shareaholic property violates your copyright,
you are encouraged to notify Shareaholic in accordance with this policy. Shareaholic will respond to all such notices,
including as required or appropriate by removing the infringing material or disabling all links to the infringing
material. In the case of a visitor who may infringe or repeatedly infringes the copyrights or other intellectual
property rights of Shareaholic or others, Shareaholic may, in its discretion, terminate or deny access to and use of
the Website. In the case of such termination, Shareaholic will have no obligation to provide a refund of any amounts
previously paid to Shareaholic.
If you are a copyright owner or an agent thereof and believe that any User Submission or other Content infringes upon
your copyrights, you may submit a notification pursuant to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA") by providing
our Copyright Agent with the following information in writing (see 17 U.S.C 512(c)(3) for further detail):
A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that
is allegedly infringed;
Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works at a
single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site;
Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and
that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled and information reasonably sufficient to permit the
service provider to locate the material;
Information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to contact you, such as an address, telephone
number, and, if available, an electronic mail;
A statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not
authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and
A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that you are
authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
You can email us notifications of claimed infringement. You acknowledge that if you fail to comply with all of the requirements of this notice, your DMCA notice may not be valid.
Company
About
Team & Advisors
Press Room
Investors
Jobs
Contact Us