https://www.fssdev.com/company/privacy
Company
|
Partner
|
Press Center
|
Contact Us
|
Customer Service
HomeProducts
CasperCasper Server EditionCasper Tech EditionCasper Secure Drive BackupCasper Secure Server EditionCasper Secure Tech Edition
PurchaseSupport
Support CenterKnowledge BaseMy Account
OrdersProfileDownloadsSubscriptions
Contact Support
Buy Online
Company
About UsTrademarksCookie PolicyPrivacy StatementContacts
PRIVACY STATEMENT
Effective January 1, 2020
We respect your right to privacy. This policy summarizes what personally
identifiable information we may collect, and how we might use this information.
This policy also describes other important topics relating to your privacy.
What Information We Collect
Future Systems Solutions is the sole owner of information collected on this site.
We will not sell, share, or rent this information to any outside parties, except
as outlined in this policy. We collect and store only personally identifiable
information which you voluntarily provide through our website or email
correspondence. Specifically, such information may include your name,
company name, email address, telephone number, and billing address. When you
place an order, we will securely collect payment information such as your credit
card number from you. We also receive and may store certain types of information
whenever you interact with us. For example, like many websites, we use "cookies"
and we obtain certain types of information when your Web browser accesses our
website, including the type of browser you use, the files you request, and the
domain name and country from which you request information.
How We Use the Information
The personal information we collect is used to process your requests
and to understand your needs so that we can serve you better. For example,
we use your information to help you complete a transaction, including
order fulfillment, communicate back to you, personalize our website
for you, alert you to new product updates, and tell you about new products
or services we think will be of interest to you. Credit card numbers are
used only for payment processing and fraud protection, and are
never stored on our servers or used for other purposes without your
permission. We use non-identifying and aggregate information to manage and
improve our website and technology service requirements. Such information,
which may include IP addresses and browser types, is not linked to personally
identifying information.
Sharing of Information
Future Systems Solutions contracts with third party companies
with whom we share your personal information for the purpose of providing
a service, fulfilling an order, or completing a transaction. For example, we
contract with certain companies to process and authorize credit card transactions.
In so doing, these companies have limited access to your personal information,
but they are prohibited from using this information for other purposes.
How You Can Access or Update Your Information
You can access all of the personally identifiable information that we collect online
and maintain from you by signing in to the
My Account section
of our Customer Service Center.
You can also have personally identifiable information updated or removed by contacting
Customer Service here,
or by emailing Future Systems Solutions' Privacy Program Manager at
privacy@fssdev.com. To protect your privacy and
security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before making any
changes to your account.
How We Secure Your Information
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of
information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial
procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. Sensitive information,
including credit card information, is protected in transit via encryption through HTTPS and
SSL. In addition, credit card numbers are used only for payment processing and fraud protection,
and are not stored on our servers. Employees of Future Systems Solutions, Inc. are required to read
and abide by the policies set forth in this notice. Access to all of our users' information
is restricted and securely protected.
Retention of Information
Future Systems Solutions keeps the personal information of its users for as long as they are
registered users of our products, and for a reasonable time thereafter.
Choice/Opt-out:
If you would like to stop receiving communications from Future Systems Solutions, Inc., you
may contact Customer Service here,
remove yourself from our mailing list
here,
or use the "unsubscribe" link provided in the communication received.
Other Important Information
Our website contains links to other websites. We do not endorse or otherwise accept responsibility
for the content or privacy policies of these sites. It is up to you to review the privacy
policies of these sites as their privacy policies may differ from ours.
Legal Disclaimer
We reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law and when
we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding,
court order, or legal process served on our website.
Notification of Changes:
We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time, so please review it as
needed. If we make a material (non-editorial) change to our privacy policy, we will notify
you here, by email, or by posting a notice on our homepage. If we make a significant change
to the way we use, treat or disclose personal information, we will notify you by email. If
you have opted out of receiving communications from Future Systems Solutions, Inc., you will
still be able to view news of policy changes by visiting our website. You may also contact
Customer Service here
to check on privacy updates for this website.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns regarding our privacy policy, please contact us
by emailing privacy@fssdev.com, by contacting
Customer Service, or by sending a letter to Privacy Program Manager, Future Systems Solutions, Inc.
8888 Keystone Crossing, Indianapolis, IN 46240.
© Copyright 1997-2020 Future Systems Solutions, Inc. All Rights Reserved.