https://www.online-tech-tips.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Written by:
Aseem Kishore,
Twitter: @akishore
Posted on: September 4th, 2008
in:
To review your given consent, please click here
Privacy Policy for Online-Tech-Tips.com
The privacy of our visitors to Online-Tech-Tips.com is very important to us.
At Online-Tech-Tips.com, we recognize that privacy of your personal information is important. Here is information on what types of personal information we receive and collect when you use visit Online-Tech-Tips.com, and how we safeguard your information.  We never sell your personal information to third parties.
Log FilesIn accordance with the Adsense Terms of Service, we are required to let you know that all advertising programs use cookies to track visitors. As with most other websites, we collect and use the data contained in log files.  The information in the log files include  your IP (internet protocol) address, your ISP (internet service provider, such as Cox or AT&T), the browser you used to visit our site (such as Internet Explorer or Firefox), the time you visited our site and which pages you visited throughout our site.
Cookies and Web BeaconsWe do use cookies to store information, such as your personal preferences when you visit our site.  This could include only showing you a popup once in your visit, or the ability to login to some of our features, such as forums.
We also use third party advertisements on Online-Tech-Tips.com to support our site.  Some of these advertisers may use technology such as cookies and web beacons when they advertise on our site, which will also send these advertisers (such as Google through the Google AdSense program) information including your IP address, your ISP , the browser you used to visit our site, and in some cases, whether you have Flash installed.  This is generally used for geotargeting purposes (showing ads based on location or showing certain ads based on specific sites visited (such as showing cooking ads to someone who frequents cooking sites).
You can chose to disable or selectively turn off our cookies or third-party cookies in your browser settings, or by managing preferences in programs such as Norton Internet Security.  However, this can affect how you are able to interact with our site as well as other websites.  This could include the inability to login to services or programs, such as logging into forums or accounts.
Email Addresses
When you make a comment or contact me using the contact page you email is required. Please be assured that you email address will only be used for responding to your email or comment and will never be made publicly available. We will never sell your email address to any third parties, ever.
Comments Policy
The author does not assume responsibility over comments he did not make on this blog. While comments are welcome from anybody, we reserve the right to remove any comment that is not deemed suitable for publication. This could include but is not limited to objectionable and abusive comments. Hate, racist comments, or any other form of prejudice will be removed and the poster banned!
Spam in any form will not be accepted.
Copyrights
Supreme caution has been taken to make sure that there are no copyright infringements in terms of the multimedia content and the subject matter that is posted in this blog. If you find anything that could be considered a violation of the copyright norms, please contact me immediately.
Daily Email Newsletter
Featured PostsHow to View Your Credit Report and Credit Score for Free7 OS X Tips for Windows UsersHow to Check if Your VPN Connection is Actually EncryptedThe Best Free Apps for a New iPhone
Recent PostsSurveyMonkey vs. Google Forms: Which Is Better?How to Go Live on TikTokHow to Make a Scatter Plot in Google SheetsHow to Whisper on TwitchRandom PostsFix "There are no Active Mixer Devices Available" Error in WindowsHow To Make & Manage Music Playlists For VLC Media PlayerGenerate a Verification Code for Apple Two Factor AuthenticationDo You Really Need to Eject a USB Drive Before Removing?
Do not share my Personal Information.