http://www.netsimplicity.com/privacy
Project Broadcast Privacy Policy
Effective Oct 1, 2017
We value and respect your privacy. We hope to earn your trust by carefully protecting your data and clearly describing how we use it to provide you with excellent service.
Collected Information
We collect the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail, aggregate information on what pages
consumers access or visit, and information volunteered by the consumer (such as survey information and/or site registrations).
The information we collect (for our clients and our client’s contacts) is used to improve the content of our
Service, Service Data, and/or Mobile App, the quality of our service, or the purposes of message delivery
and is not shared with or sold to other organizations for commercial purposes, except to provide products
or services you’ve requested, when we have your permission, or under the following circumstances:
If it is necessary to share information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities,
suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of Terms
of Service, or as otherwise required by law.
Information Gathering And Usage
When you register for Project Broadcast, we ask for information such as your name, email address, and credit card
information.
StarterStep, LLC uses collected information for the following general purposes: products and services provision,
billing, identification and authentication, services improvement, contact, and research.
StarterStep, LLC does not sell (or re-sell) any mobile contact information contained within any client account.
As noted in our Client Data Storage policy (below), the data is the clients and can be exported at any time.
Client Data
Although StarterStep, LLC owns the data storage, databases and all rights to the Project Broadcast application,
you retain all rights to your data. An export of your data is available, at no cost. Requests for assistance
with data exports can be sent to support@projectbroadcast.com. Data exports are provided in a .csv or .xml file format.
No Marketing Guarantee: We provide a 100% guarantee that we will never append an advertisement to any outgoing messages.
We provide a 100% guarantee that your contact information will never be sold.
Unless you give us your permission, we will not share your Customer Content, Customer Account Data, or Customer
Usage Data with third parties except as described below.
StarterStep, LLC may share data collected from you from the Project Broadcast Service with our affiliates.
We all will only use the data as described in this notice.
StarterStep, LLC may disclose personally identifiable information under special circumstances, such as to
comply with subpoenas or when your actions violate the Terms of Service.
StarterStep, LLC might also share data collected from you in Project Broadcast with a third party if
that data has been de-­identified or aggregated in a way that does not directly identify you.
Changes
StarterStep, LLC may periodically update this policy. We will notify you about significant changes in the
way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your account
or by placing a prominent notice in our Mobile App.
Questions
Any questions about this Privacy Policy should be addressed to support@projectbroadcast.com.