https://www.policy.iastate.edu/policy/discrimination
Skip Navigation
menu
Sign-ons
CyMail
Outlook
Canvas
AccessPlus
Workday
More
Directory
Maps
Contact Us
Index
ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ
Policy Library
Home
About
Policy Index
Feedback
menu
Browse by Category
Academics
Business & Administration
Facilities & Property
Information & Technology
Personnel, Conduct & Human Relations
Research & Intellectual Property
Safety & Health
Student Life
Handbooks & Manuals
Faculty Handbook
Graduate College Handbook
Regents Policy Manual
University Catalog
Other Resources
University Forms
Records Retention Schedule
ISU Compliance and Ethics Hotline
Non-Discrimination and Anti-Harassment
Effective: May 1, 2006Updated/Revised: August 14, 2020Contact: Office of Equal Opportunity (OEO)ContentsINTRODUCTIONPOLICY STATEMENTScope of PolicyResources and Reporting Options--Campus Reporting Resources--Campus Support and Services Resources--External ResourcesProcedures, Applications, and GuidanceRESOURCES (more)IntroductionIowa State University recognizes the fundamental importance of providing an inclusive and welcoming environment for all members of our community. Indeed, the university’s Principles of Community include respect, richness of diversity, and freedom from discrimination. Consequently, ISU is committed to assuring that its educational programs and activities and employment terms and conditions are free from unlawful discrimination and harassment on the basis of age, color, creed, disability, gender identity, genetic information, national origin, pregnancy, race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, and protected U.S. veteran status.This policy and the accompanying procedures, applications, and guidance document (collectively referred to hereafter as the “policy”) defines discrimination, harassment, and other important terms; sets forth the services and resources available to individuals impacted by discrimination and harassment and/or involved in a complaint filed pursuant to this policy; and explains the internal administrative procedures the university uses to respond to reports of discrimination and harassment. As detailed in the policy, the university provides prompt, fair, and impartial resolution processes for complaints filed under this policy and, where appropriate, administers reasonable interim remedial measures. Individuals found responsible for violating this policy may be subject to disciplinary action up to and including removal from the university. topPolicy StatementIn accordance with federal and state law, Iowa State University (“ISU” or the “university”) does not discriminate on the basis of age, color, creed, disability, gender identity, genetic information, national origin, pregnancy, race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, and protected U.S. veteran status (collectively referred to as “Protected Status”) in its programs, activities, or employment.This policy prohibits all forms of unlawful discrimination and harassment based on Protected Status. In addition, this policy prohibits purposefully assisting in an act that violates this policy (i.e., complicity) and prohibits retaliation against any individual who in good faith participates in protected activity pursuant to this policy. This policy also provides for the prompt and equitable resolution of reports of discrimination, harassment, complicity, and retaliation. The university’s Office of Equal Opportunity (OEO) is responsible for administering this policy on behalf of the university.All ISU administration, supervisors, faculty, staff, and students are responsible for successfully completing the university’s annual non-discrimination, anti-harassment, and anti-retaliation training program. The training program is specifically designed for its target audience (e.g., students, staff, faculty, supervisors, etc.) and is intended to assist university community members in understanding this policy. The university has a separate policy that governs concerns of itle IX sexual harassment, sexual assault, dating violence, domestic violence, and stalking. These concerns are governed by the university’s Title IX Sexual Harassment, Sexual Assault, Dating Violence, Domestic Violence, and Stalking Policy. Nothing in this policy shall be deemed to conflict, contradict, or supersede the Title IX Sexual Harassment Policy with respect to conduct governed by that policy. The university also has a separate Non-Retaliation Policy that prohibits prohibited retaliation against persons who engage in protected activity. topScope of PolicyThis policy applies to all individuals affiliated with the university, including students, staff, faculty, applicants for admission to or employment with the university, and individuals participating or seeking to participate in university programs or activities. Vendors, independent contractors, visitors, and others who conduct business with the university or on university property are also governed by this policy, although the university’s ability to address conduct by third-parties may be more limited. In addition, recognized student and campus organizations are governed by this policy in accordance with the Student Code of Conduct. This policy applies to discrimination, harassment, complicity, and retaliation that occurs on-campus; during or at official university programs or activities (regardless of location); and off-campus conduct when the conduct unreasonably impacts a person’s employment or education with the university or ability to participate in or benefit from the university’s programs or activities. Even when the reported perpetrator of prohibited conduct is not within the university’s control, the university can provide reasonable resources and support to impacted parties, and where appropriate, refer complaints to other entities.To promote timely and effective review and response to reports of prohibited conduct, the university strongly encourages individuals to come forward as soon as possible with their inquiries, reports, and complaints and to seek assistance from the university. Delays in reporting may impact the university’s ability to respond fully to the matter, including pursuing disciplinary action. Consistent with federal and state regulations governing the filing of complaints, the university may decline to investigate claims in which none of the alleged discrimination or harassing conduct occurred within the preceding 300 calendar days. topResources and Reporting OptionsIn an emergency call 911.The university offers a range of resources to students, staff, faculty, and third-parties dealing with incidents of discrimination and harassment. Individuals have options, including contacting and making a report with the Office of Equal Opportunity (OEO), contacting and making a report with an external governmental agency, and/or seeking assistance, services, and support from campus resources. These resources are detailed below and are identified as either campus reporting resources, confidential or campus confidential resources, or external reporting resources. With respect to the university’s processes and resources related to reports of discrimination and harassment, it is important to consider the related issues of privacy and confidentiality. While these terms sound similar, they are distinct concepts. It is also important to understand the different reporting responsibilities that university employees and resources have. While all employees and resources are committed to respecting the privacy of all individuals involved in reports of possible policy violations, only certain specifically identified resources are able to discuss concerns of discrimination and harassment confidentially (i.e., without notifying the Office of Equal Opportunity). Additional information regarding privacy and confidentiality may be found in the online Procedures, Applications, and Guidelines document. topCampus Reporting Resources Individuals who wish to put the university on notice of potential violations of this policy should contact ISU’s Office of Equal Opportunity (OEO). The university encourages all individuals to report potential incidents of discrimination and harassment to OEO. Supervisory employees (i.e., any ISU staff or faculty member who supervises another employee) are required to contact OEO when they become aware of potential violations of this policy. In addition, all ISU Responsible Employees are responsible for contacting OEO when they become aware of potential violations of this policy. Individuals can make a report and/or seek guidance from OEO in person, by telephone, or by email at:Office of Equal Opportunity (OEO)Coordinates the university’s comprehensive response to reports of discrimination, harassment, and retaliation on the basis of Protected Status3410 Beardshear HallTelephone: 515-294-7612Hotline: 515-294-1222Email: eooffice@mail.iastate.edu Website: http://www.eoc.iastate.edu/ Individuals wishing to remain anonymous can make a report through OEO’s hotline at 515-294-1222, or through an anonymous email account to eooffice@iastate.edu, or by submitting a report through the university’s Compliance and Ethics Online Hotline. It is important to note that electing to remain anonymous may greatly limit the university’s ability to stop the reported conduct, collect evidence, and take effective remedial action against individuals or organizations accused of violating this policy.  topCampus Support and Services ResourcesThe Office of Equal Opportunity (OEO) has primary responsibility for administering this policy and overseeing the response, investigation, and resolution of reports of discrimination and harassment. As such, reports and concerns of discrimination and harassment should be directed to OEO. The campus resources listed below are available to provide assistance and support to individuals potentially impacted by discrimination and harassment. Confidential and Campus Confidential ResourcesConfidential resources are identified as “confidential” or “campus confidential” below. Confidential and campus confidential resources enable individuals to learn more about the process and/or seek assistance without initiating a formal or informal complaint. Confidential and campus confidential resources are not required to notify OEO of reports of discrimination or harassment that they receive. Importantly, speaking with a confidential or campus confidential resource does not initiate an investigation and will not, without additional action by the reporting party, result in intervention or corrective action. However, upon written request from the reporting party, confidential resources may notify OEO and/or assist the reporting party in notifying OEO.  topEmployee Assistance Program (confidential resource)EAP counselors are available to discuss any life situation that causes university employees concern, with the goal of aiding personal and professional growth505 Fifth Avenue, Suite 600Des Moines, IA 50309Tel. 800-327-4692 or 877-542-6488 (TTY); Website: www.efr.org/myeapOmbuds Office (confidential resource except for sexual harassment related concerns)Assists faculty and staff (including graduate student employees) with work-related, academic, and/or administrative concerns, including interpersonal conflictsWebsite: http://www.ombuds.iastate.edu/Tel. 617-895-4026Student Counseling Services (confidential resource)Provides counseling and mental health services to ISU students free of charge Student Services Building, Third FloorTel. 515-294-5056; Website: http://www.counseling.iastate.edu/counseling Student Legal Services (confidential resource)Provides legal advice and assistance to students in a variety of areas. Not able to represent students in controversies involving the university or other ISU students, but may help students connect to other resourcesMemorial Union, Office 0367Tel. 515-294-0978; Website: http://www.studentlegal.dso.iastate.edu/ Thielen Student Health Center (confidential resource)Provides general medical treatment and psychiatry services to ISU students2647 Union Drive, Iowa State University Tel. 515-294-5801; Website: http://www.cyclonehealth.org/Center for LGBTQIA+ Student Success (campus confidential resource)Provides programs, services, referrals and resources focused on sexual orientation and gender identity/expression for ISU studentsStudent Services Building, Office 1064Tel. 515-294-5433; Website: http://center.dso.iastate.edu/ Margaret Sloss Center for Women and Gender Equity (campus confidential resource)Provides support and information through educational outreach, appropriate referral services, and a safe space for the university community Sloss House on the ISU CampusTel. 515-294-4154; Website: http://www.mswc.dso.iastate.edu/Non-Confidential Resources Information about or assistance with discrimination and harassment issues may be obtained from a variety of university resources. Prior to or concurrent with initiating a complaint, individuals may find it helpful to seek assistance from these resources. The following offices can provide advice and support to individuals who believe they are experiencing discrimination or harassment. The resources listed below will respect an individual’s privacy but are not confidential or campus confidential, meaning they are required to notify OEO of reports of discrimination and harassment that they receive. topISU Police Department (respects privacy but not confidential)Assistance in emergency situations, help in investigating criminal charges, and assistance in navigating the criminal process Armory Building, Room 55Emergencies: 911Tel. 515-294-4428; Website: http://www.police.iastate.edu Office of Student Assistance (respects privacy but not confidential)Provides assistance in navigating processes and procedures at the university, and helps administer support and resources to students 1010 Student Services Building, First FloorTel. 515-294-1020Email: studentassistance@iastate.edu Website: http://www.studentassistance.dso.iastate.edu/ Office of Student Conduct (respects privacy but not confidential)Provides information on the student code of conduct and adjudication processes, and information regarding restricted contact notices 1010 Student Services Building, First FloorTel. 515-294-1020; Website: http://www.studentconduct.dso.iastate.edu/ Student Accessibility Services (respects privacy but not confidential)Supports students with disabilities and promotes equal access to education and university life. Administers the university’s procedures for providing reasonable academic accommodation for qualified students with disabilities 1076 Student Services Building, First FloorTel. 515-294-7220Email: accessibility@iastate.edu; Website: https://sas.dso.iastate.edu/ University Human Resources (respects privacy but not confidential)Assists employees and units with questions, conflicts, and issues that arise in the workplace. Administers the university’s procedures for providing reasonable workplace accommodation for qualified individuals with disabilities 3810 Beardshear HallTel. 515-294-4800 or 877-477-7485; E-mail: hrshelp@iastate.eduExternal ResourcesExternal anti-discrimination and anti-harassment resources are also available. These external agencies include:Iowa Civil Rights Commission (ICRC)Enforces the Iowa Civil Rights Act which prohibits discrimination on the basis of race, age, creed, national origin, color, gender identity, sex, sexual orientation, pregnancy, disability or religion400 E. 14th Street, Grimes BuildingDes Moines, Iowa 50319Tel. (515) 281-4121, 1-800-457-4416Website: https://icrc.iowa.gov/ Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC)Enforces federal laws that prohibit discrimination against a job applicant or an employee because of the person’s race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy, gender identity, and sexual orientation), national origin, age (40 or older), disability or genetic information500 West Madison St., Suite 2000Chicago, Illinois 60662Tel. 1-800-669-4000 or 312-869-8001 (TDD)Email: info@eeoc.govOffice for Civil Rights – U.S. Department of Education (OCR)Enforces federal civil rights laws that prohibit discrimination in programs or activities that receive federal financial assistance from the Department of Education500 West Madison St., Suite 1475Chicago, Illinois 60661Tel. 312-730-1560 or 1-800-877-8339 (TDD)Email: OCR.Chicago@ed.gov Procedures, Applications, and GuidanceFor important guidelines and procedures on the application of the Non-Discrimination and Anti-Harassment Policy, see the online Procedures, Applications, and Guidance document. top
Resources
LinksDiscrimination and Harassment website
Religious Accommodation Statement
Student Accessibility Services (SAS) - Accommodations
Sexual Misconduct, Sexual Assault, and Sexual Harassment Involving Students
Student Disciplinary Regulations §4.2.5 Prohibited Conduct
Conduct Policy - Faculty (FHB 7)
University Catalog - Appeal of Academic Grievances
Grievance Procedures, Faculty (FHB 9)
Grievance Policy, Undergraduate Student-Employees
Non-Retaliation Policy
Dean of Students Office
Student Counseling Service
Office of Equal Opportunity
Office of Equal Opportunity Information Advisors
Employee and Family Resources; Employee Assistance Program
University Human Resources [UHR]
Women's Center
FilesProcedures, Applications, and Guidance: Non-Discrimination Policy 2020-08-14 [PDF]
Discrimination and Harassment PRIOR VERSION 2019-10-15 [PDF]
Copyright © 1995-2020, Iowa State University of Science and Technology. All rights reserved.