https://www.hopewiser.com/privacy/
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
Hopewiser Ltd design and supply addressing software and solutions to enable businesses to make informed decisions based on accurate data whilst saving substantially on costs. We may already be in contact with you and your company or may do so in the future. We’d like you to be confident in the manner that we conduct our business and handle any personal data in the conduct of our business.
Registered Office at Merlin Court, Atlantic Street, Altrincham WA14 5NL.
Where do we get your personal information from?
The personal data that we hold originates from publicly accessible sources such as Linkedin and Google searches unless you are a current or lapsed customer in which case the information we hold about you and your company has been provided by you as part of our contractual obligations with you at that time.
What personal information do we hold?
We collect your name, job title, company address, telephone number and email address where we feel that as a company you may benefit from hearing about our products and services and if you are a customer we collect this information along with details of the business conducted, relevant to the products and services we supply you with.
How your personal information is used?
Customers
We process your personal information for the purpose of contractual business interests if you are a current or lapsed client. This allows us to process your order, manage your account and keep your personal information for financial/auditing/compliance purposes. We will contact you by telephone, email or by post as is necessary.
Prospects
If we are contacting you as a potential prospect because we believe there may be a genuine interest in our specialist products and services then our lawful basis for processing your data falls under legitimate business interests of direct marketing. This will be in the form of emails (providing you with an opt-out opportunity at every stage), limited telephone calls and direct mail. We will use our discretion as to which channels we will employ, however we will never over-burden you with excessive contact and will respect your wishes in terms of your rights.
How long do we keep your personal information for?
Customers
If you are an existing or lapsed customer, we will keep your personal data for the duration of our business relationship with you and for 5 years after the expiry of any contract that you have with us for financial/auditing/compliance purposes. We will ensure that your data is kept up-to-date and verified on an annual basis.
Prospects
If you are a prospect, we will hold your personal information for 3 years. We will ensure that your personal information is kept up-to-date and verified on an annual basis. Your personal information will be deleted after 3 years if you do not become a customer in the meantime.
How do we keep your personal information safe and secure?
We take technical and organisational measures to ensure the security of your data.
• Your data will only be used for the intended purpose by employees of Hopewiser Ltd
• Your data will never be sold to any third parties
• Your data will be processed securely in the UK and will not be transferred outside the European Economic Area.
How to access and control your personal information
You have the following rights with regards to your personal information. To access, port (this allows you to transport your personal information from our organisation to another), rectify, erase, restrict, object to its processing and withdraw consent. If we send you marketing about our products, we promise not to bombard you with communications from our company and should you not wish to receive them you have a right to object to your data being processed in this way by opting out. If you ask to opt out of receiving communications from us, your personal information will be kept securely as a suppression file to ensure we do not send you any communications in the future.
If you wish to exercise your rights on any of the points above please do so by contacting: admin@hopewiser.com
Where you have asked us for a response, we will acknowledge your request on the day of receipt and provide a response within 2 working days (where a request is received Monday to Friday inclusive).
Complaints
If you wish to make a complaint to our company please contact our Data Protection Officer: Robin Collins at dpo@hopewiser.com
If you wish to complain about us please contact The Information Commissioner’s Office.
Cookies
This website makes use of Google Analytics and Intercom to help us analyse use of the site. Your browser has settings that will allow you to accept all cookies, be informed as cookies arrive or reject all cookies.
We may also use third-party cookies from advertising platforms to help us deliver more personalised and targeted advertising in our marketing campaigns. If you prefer not to receive personalised adverts, you can configure your web browser to block these cookies. Also, if you use any social platforms such as Twitter, Facebook or LinkedIn etc, you will have some controls in your account that determine how much information you share with the provider. You should consult the help pages for each provider to determine the extent of these controls and how they may be configured.
Google Analytics: Is a website monitoring tool that allows users to see volumes of website visitors, their source, and to analyse how the content of their website is viewed and navigated. This in turn allows optimisation of the content and pages and the marketing programs that drive traffic to the website. Google Analytics does not store any personal information about website visitors, but does use persistent cookies to identify repeat visitors. You may universally opt-out of all Google Analytics tracking used by all websites by visiting the following url – https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
Zendesk:
We use Zendesk as a third party supplier for our online help service.
Zendesk provides us with high security standards, such as encryption of data in motion over public networks, auditing standards (SOC 2, ISO 27001, ISO 27018), Distributed Denial of Service (“DDoS”) mitigations, and a Support team that is on-call 24/7.
Zendesk only discloses Service Data to us where disclosure is necessary to provide the services or as required to respond to lawful requests from public authorities.
Zendesk has developed security protections and control processes to help us ensure a secure environment for information. Independent third-party experts have confirmed Zendesk’s adherence to high industry standards.
Zendesk provides an advanced set of access and encryption features to help us protect your information. They do not access or use customer content for any purpose other than providing, maintaining and improving the Zendesk services and as otherwise required by law.
Links
This site may contain links or references to products, materials or web sites that are provided by independent third parties. The availability of such third party material does not constitute any form of recommendation, endorsement or publication of such third party material by us. Any complaints that you have about the third party material should be taken up with the relevant third party.
Updated October 2020
Cookies help us provide our services. By using this website, you accept our cookie policy.