https://www.mediawyse.com/privacy-policy/
Media Wyse
Contact
Services
Site Audit
Google Penalty Audit
Link Building
Social Marketing
SEO Training & Speaking
Blog
About
Privacy Policy
Home
Privacy Policy
Media Wyse is committed to the protection of your privacy. We have created this privacy statement in order to fully describe our Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy applies to all of the information that we receive from persons, like you, who contact our website:
www.MediaWyse.com
Sensitive Information
When you contact us and provide information, your IP address may be used to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our Web site. Additionally, and more importantly, your IP address is used to help identify you and your shopping cart and to gather broad demographic information so that we may better serve you, our valued customer. Media Wyse will never sell, rent or otherwise distribute your IP address to any other company or organization.
Occasionally you may be asked to provide us with some sensitive information to give us contact information (like your name, contact phone number and email address) and financial information (like your credit card number, credit card billing address and credit card expiration date.). This information may be needed if you place an online order with Media Wyse. The information we collect from you is used principally for the purpose of processing your order, billing you for products and services and servicing your account. Additionally, we use customer contact information to send you information about our company. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below.
This site may contain links to other sites. www.MediaWyse.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Online Surveys & Newsletter Sign-up
Our online surveys and newsletter sign-up asks visitors for contact information (like their email address) and occasional demographic information (like their zip code, age, or income level). We use this contact data to send the user information about our company. The customer’s contact information is also used to contact the visitor when necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below. Demographic and profile data is also collected at our site. We use this data to tailor our visitor’s experience at our site, showing them content that we think they might be interested in, and displaying the content according to their preferences.
Contests
We may run contests on our site in which we ask visitors for contact information (like their email address). We use contact data from our contests to send users information about our company. The customer’s contact information is also used to contact the visitor when necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below.
Security
Media Wyse uses the latest encryption technology and other methods to protect your credit card information. We recommend that you use version 4.0 or higher for either Microsoft Internet Explorer or Netscape Communicator/Navigator for your web browser. If you are using one of these browsers (and are not using a proxy server) all transactions are fully encrypted and secure via Secure Sockets Layer (SSL).
Use of Cookies
To browse MediaWyse.com your computer must be set up to accept cookies. We use cookies to record valuable information about the general searching trends of the visitors to our web site. But, cookies, by themselves, cannot be used to find out the identity of any user. Additionally, this information is never distributed to other parties. It is perfectly secure with Media Wyse. By the way, cookies expire within twenty minutes. Every time you visit our web site your browser will be required to accept new cookies.
Supplementation Information
This site supplements the information that you provide with information that is received from third parties.
Choice/Opt-Out
Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving email communications from us, or our partners, at the point where we request information about the visitor. This site gives users the following options for removing their information from our database to not receive future communications or to no longer receive our service.
1. You can send email to info@mediawyse.com
2. You can visit the following URL: http://www.MediaWyse.com
3. You can send mail to the following postal address:
23725 Barona Mesa Rd., Ramona, CA 92065
4. You can call the following telephone number: 858-774-0587
Correct/Update
This site gives users the following options for changing and modifying information previously provided.
1. You can send email to info@mediawyse.com
2. You can visit the following URL: http://www.MediaWyse.com
3. You can send mail to the following postal address:
23725 Barona Mesa Rd., Ramona, CA 92065
4. You can call the following telephone number: 858-774-0587
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact:
Casey S. Markee, President
Media Wyse
23725 Barona Mesa Rd.
Ramona, CA 92065
casey@mediawyse.com
Recent Tweets
RT @JohnMu: We just published a FAQ on Core Web Vitals in the help forum -- check it out at https://t.co/G6QRY7XIRW
(about 7 days ago)
@Casieg Wow. Just....wow.
(about 9 days ago)
Follow @MediaWyse
Categories
CrossFit Musings
Google Penalties Stuff
Random Hilarity
SEO and other Nonsense
Social Media and the Like
Uncategorized
Recent Posts
5 Epically Hilarious Amy’s Baking Company Yelp Reviews
Welcome to the Media Wyse Blog!
Media Wyse © Copyright 2000 - 2020
Tel: 858-774-0587  ·  Fax: 858-451-8337  ·  Email: info@mediawyse.com
About | Blog | Services | Contact | Privacy Policy