https://www.lumeon.com/privacy-policy/
The care automation platformLearn how Lumeon automates and orchestrates the optimum care journey for every patient One platform – many solutions Forget about point solutions – discover a configurable platform with many use casesPatient engagementGuide patients step by step using automation, virtual and in-person careCare coordinationChange the way you task care professionals, so everyone works at the top of their licenseInteroperabilityAutomatically ensure patient data is up-to-date and meets common standardsEHR integrationExplore how we can extend the real-time reach of your existing technologyEpic workflowExtend the power of Epic workflow to deploy automated virtual care journeysSuccess storiesSuccess stories Knowledge centerKnowledge center AboutStoryNews Careers PeopleSecurity and T&Cs Lumeon respects your privacy and is committed to protecting your personal data. This privacy policy will inform you as to how we look after your personal data when you visit our website (regardless of where you visit it from) and tell you about your privacy rights and how the law protects you.This privacy policy is provided in a layered format so you can click through to the specific terms set out below. Please also use the Glossary to understand the meaning of some of the definitions used in this Privacy Policy.1. IMPORTANT INFORMATION AND WHO WE ARE2. THE DATA WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU3. HOW WE COLLECT YOUR PERSONAL DATA4. HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA5. DISCLOSURES OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA6. INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS7. DATA SECURITY8. DATA RETENTION9. YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS10. GLOSSARY11. EU-US PRIVACY SHIELD12. CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY1. IMPORTANT INFORMATION AND WHO WE AREThis privacy policy aims to give you information on how Lumeon collects and processes your personal data through your use of this website, including any data you may provide through this website when you sign up to our newsletter, purchase a product or service or click on the Marketing opt-in box in the cookies drop-down menu or navigate through it.This website is not intended for children and we do not knowingly collect data relating to children.It is important that you read this privacy policy together with any other privacy policy or fair processing policy we may provide on specific occasions when we are collecting or processing personal data about you so that you are fully aware of how and why we are using your data. This privacy policy supplements other notices and privacy policies and is not intended to override them.CONTROLLERLumeon is made up of different legal entities such as Lumeon Limited and Lumeon Inc (“Lumeon Group”). This privacy policy is issued on behalf of Lumeon Group so when we mention Lumeon, “we”, “us” or “our” in this privacy policy, we are referring to the relevant entity within the Lumeon Group responsible for processing your data. We will let you know which entity will be the controller for your data when you purchase a product or service with us. Lumeon Limited is the controller and responsible for this website.We have appointed a data protection officer (DPO) who is responsible for overseeing questions in relation to this privacy policy. If you have any questions about this privacy policy, including any requests to exercise your legal rights, please contact the DPO using the details set out below.CONTACT DETAILSEU Representative:In accordance with Article 27 of the GDPR, we have appointed a representative within the European Union.The contact details of our EU representative are below.Postal Address: VeraSafe Czech Republic s.r.o. Klimentská 46, Prague 1, 11002, Czech RepublicContact form: https://www.verasafe.com/privacy-services/contact-article-27-representativeTelephone: +420 228 881 031.Verasafe’s role in this respect is limited solely to being a contact point for questions from European residents and data protection supervisory authorities regarding data protection. Verasafe cannot respond to other communications or legal processes on Lumeon’s behalf.DPO:If you have any other questions about this privacy policy or our privacy practices, please contact our DPO in the following ways:Full name of legal entity: Lumeon LtdYou have the right to make a complaint at any time to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO), the UK supervisory authority for data protection issues (www.ico.org.uk). We would, however, appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns before you approach the ICO so please contact us in the first instance.CHANGES TO THE PRIVACY POLICY AND YOUR DUTY TO INFORM US OF CHANGESWe keep our privacy policy under regular review and update it whenever necessary. Historic versions can be obtained by contacting us.It is important that the personal data we hold about you is accurate and current. Please keep us informed if your personal data changes during your relationship with us.THIRD-PARTY LINKSThis website may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins and applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements. When you leave our website, we encourage you to read the privacy policy of every website you visit.2. THE DATA WE COLLECT ABOUT YOUPersonal data, or personal information, means any information about an individual from which that person can be identified. It does not include data where the identity has been removed (anonymous data).We may collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of personal data about you which we have grouped together as follows:Identity Data includes first name, last name, username or similar identifier (if a customer is seeking customer portal access).Contact Data includes personal or business address, email address and telephone numbers.Technical Data includes internet protocol (IP) address, your login data, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, devices type you use to access this website.Profile Data includes your username and password.Usage Data includes information about how you use our website, products and services.Marketing and Communications Data includes your preferences in receiving marketing from us and your communication preferences.We also collect, use and share Aggregated Data such as statistical or demographic data for any purpose. Aggregated Data could be derived from your personal data but is not considered personal data in law as this data will not directly or indirectly reveal your identity. For example, we may aggregate your Usage Data to calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific website feature. However, if we combine or connect Aggregated Data with your personal data so that it can directly or indirectly identify you, we treat the combined data as personal data which will be used in accordance with this privacy policy.We do not collect any Special Categories of Personal Data about you (this includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health, and genetic and biometric data) nor do we collect any information about criminal convictions and offences.IF YOU FAIL TO PROVIDE PERSONAL DATAWhere we need to collect personal data by law, or under the terms of a contract we have with you, and you fail to provide that data when requested, we may not be able to perform the contract we have or are trying to enter into with you (for example, to provide you with products or services). In this case, we may have to cancel a product or service you have with us but we will notify you if this is the case at the time.3. HOW YOUR PERSONAL DATA IS COLLECTEDWe use different methods to collect data from and about you including through:Direct interactions. You may give us your Identity and Contact Data by filling in forms or by corresponding with us by post, phone, email or otherwise. This includes personal data you provide when you:– apply for our product or services information and demonstrations;– request customer portal access on our website;– subscribe to our service or publications (blog);– request marketing to be sent to you (e-newsletter);– enter a competition, promotion or survey; or– give us feedback or contact us.Automated technologies or interactions. As you interact with our website, we will automatically collect Technical Data about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns. We collect this personal data by using cookies, server logs and other similar technologies. Please see our cookie policy for further details.Third parties or publicly available sources. We will receive personal data about you from various third parties and public sources as set out below:Technical Data from the following parties: 1) analytics providers such as Google based outside the EU; and 2) search information providers [such as Google based outside the EU.Identity and Contact Data from publicly available sources such as: Companies House and the Electoral Register based inside the EU.4. HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATAWe will only use your personal data when the law allows us to. Most commonly, we will use your personal data in the following circumstances:Where we need to perform the contract we are about to enter into or have entered into with you.Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests.Where we need to comply with a legal obligation.See below to find out more about the types of lawful basis that we will rely on to process your personal data.We rely on consent as a legal basis for processing your personal data. You have the right to withdraw consent to marketing at any time by contacting privacy@lumeon.com.PURPOSES FOR WHICH WE WILL USE YOUR PERSONAL DATAWe have set out below, in a table format, a description of all the ways we plan to use your personal data, and which of the legal bases we rely on to do so. We have also identified what our legitimate interests are where appropriate.Note that we may process your personal data for more than one lawful ground depending on the specific purpose for which we are using your data. Please contact us if you need details about the specific legal ground we are relying on to process your personal data where more than one ground has been set out in the table below.Purpose/ActivityType of dataLawful basis for processing including basis of legitimate interestTo register you as a new customer(a) Identity (b) ContactPerformance of a contract with youTo manage our relationship with you which will include: (a) Notifying you about changes to our terms or privacy policy (b) Asking you to leave a review or take a survey(a) Identity (b) Contact (c) Profile (d) Marketing and Communications(a) Performance of a contract with you (b) Necessary to comply with a legal obligation (c) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to keep our records updated and to study how customers use our products/services)To enable you to partake in a prize draw, competition or complete a survey(a) Identity (b) Contact (c) Profile (d) Usage (e) Marketing and Communications(a) Performance of a contract with you (b) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to study how customers use our products/services, to develop them and grow our business)To administer and protect our business and this website (including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, system maintenance, support, reporting and hosting of data)(a) Identity (b) Contact (c) Technical(a) Necessary for our legitimate interests (for running our business, provision of administration and IT services, network security, to prevent fraud and in the context of a business reorganisation or group restructuring exercise) (b) Necessary to comply with a legal obligationTo deliver relevant website content and advertisements to you and measure or understand the effectiveness of the advertising we serve to you(a) Identity (b) Contact (c) Profile (d) Usage (e) Marketing and Communications (f) TechnicalNecessary for our legitimate interests (to study how customers use our products/services, to develop them, to grow our business and to inform our marketing strategy)To use data analytics to improve our website, products/services, marketing, customer relationships and experiences(a) Technical (b) UsageNecessary for our legitimate interests (to define types of customers for our products and services, to keep our website updated and relevant, to develop our business and to inform our marketing strategy)To make suggestions and recommendations to you about goods or services that may be of interest to you(a) Identity (b) Contact (c) Technical (d) Usage (e) Profile (f) Marketing and CommunicationsNecessary for our legitimate interests (to develop our products/services and grow our business)MARKETINGWe strive to provide you with choices regarding certain personal data uses, particularly around marketing and advertising. When visiting the website for the first time we have established the following personal data control mechanisms:Personalised Cookie Drop Down Selection – split by Necessary, Statistics, Marketing, Unclassified areas. Please see our cookie policy for further details.PROMOTIONAL OFFERS FROM USWe may use your Identity, Contact, Technical, Usage and Profile Data to form a view on what we think you may want or need, or what may be of interest to you. This is how we decide which products, services and offers may be relevant for you (we call this marketing).You will receive marketing communications from us if you have requested information from us or purchased products or services from us and you have not opted out of receiving that marketing.THIRD-PARTY MARKETINGWe will get your express opt-in consent before we share your personal data with any third party for marketing purposes.OPTING OUTYou can ask us or third parties to stop sending you marketing messages at any time by following the opt-out links on any marketing message sent to you or by contacting us at any time via email: marketing@lumeon.comWhere you opt-out of receiving these marketing messages, this will not apply to personal data provided to us as a result of a product/service purchase, warranty registration, product/service experience or other transactions.COOKIESYou can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when websites set or access cookies. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this website may become inaccessible or not function properly. For more information about the cookies we use, please see our cookie policy.CHANGE OF PURPOSEWe will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. If you wish to get an explanation as to how the processing for the new purpose is compatible with the original purpose, please contact us.If we need to use your personal data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so.Please note that we may process your personal data without your knowledge or consent, in compliance with the above rules, where this is required or permitted by law.5. DISCLOSURES OF YOUR PERSONAL DATAWe may share your personal data with the parties set out below for the purposes set out in the table Purposes for which we will use your personal data above.– Any member of our group, which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries, as defined in section 1159 of the UK Companies Act 2006.– External Third Parties as set out in the Glossary.– Third parties to whom we may choose to sell, transfer or merge parts of our business or our assets. Alternatively, we may seek to acquire other businesses or merge with them. If a change happens to our business, then the new owners may use your personal data in the same way as set out in this privacy policy.We require all third parties to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the applicable law. We do not allow our third-party service providers to use your personal data for their own purposes and only permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.6. INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERSWe share your personal data within the Salesforce via Hubspot. This will involve transferring your data outside the European Economic Area (EEA).Whenever we transfer your personal data out of the EEA, we ensure a similar degree of protection is afforded to it by ensuring at least one of the following safeguards is implemented:– We will only transfer your personal data to countries that have been deemed to provide an adequate level of protection for personal data by the European Commission. For further details, see European Commission: Adequacy of the protection of personal data in non-EU countries.– Where we use certain service providers, we may use specific contracts approved by the European Commission which give personal data the same protection it has in Europe. For further details, see European Commission: Model contracts for the transfer of personal data to third countries.– Where we use providers based in the US, we may transfer data to them if they are part of the Privacy Shield which requires them to provide similar protection to personal data shared between Europe and the US. For further details, see European Commission: EU-US Privacy Shield.Please contact us if you want further information on the specific mechanism used by us when transferring your personal data out of the EEA.7. DATA SECURITYWe have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know. They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.8. DATA RETENTIONWe only keep your personal data for 12 months. After this period you will be asked to accept our cookie policy again.By law we have to keep basic information about our customers (including Contact, Identity, Financial and Transaction Data) for six years after they cease being customers for tax purposes.In some circumstances you can ask us to delete your data: see your legal rights below for further information.In some circumstances, we will anonymise your personal data (so that it can no longer be associated with you) for research or statistical purposes, in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you.9. YOUR LEGAL RIGHTSUnder certain circumstances, you have rights under data protection laws in relation to your personal data. Please click on the links below to find out more about these rights:• Request access to your personal data.• Request erasure of your personal data.• Object to processing of your personal data.• Request restriction of processing your personal data.• Request transfer of your personal data.• Right to withdraw consent.If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please contact marketing@lumeon.comNO FEE USUALLY REQUIRED
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, we could refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.WHAT WE MAY NEED FROM YOU
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.TIME LIMIT TO RESPOND
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one (1) month. Occasionally it could take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.10. GLOSSARYLAWFUL BASISLegitimate Interest means the interest of our business in conducting and managing our business to enable us to give you the best service/product and the best and most secure experience. We make sure we consider and balance any potential impact on you (both positive and negative) and your rights before we process your personal data for our legitimate interests. We do not use your personal data for activities where our interests are overridden by the impact on you (unless we have your consent or are otherwise required or permitted to by law). You can obtain further information about how we assess our legitimate interests against any potential impact on you in respect of specific activities by contacting us.Performance of Contract means processing your data where it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party or to take steps at your request before entering into such a contract.Comply with a legal obligation means processing your personal data where it is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation that we are subject to.EXTERNAL THIRD PARTIES– Service providers such as Salesforce Inc. acting as processors based in the US who provide marketing automation service. – Service providers such as GoDaddy acting as processor based in the US who provide IT and hosting services. – Service providers such as Cookiebot known as Cybot A/S based in Denmark provide the cookies functionality and GDPR compliant database of all visits to the website including the relevant opt-ins. – Service providers such as Google and other analytics and search engine providers to assist us in the improvement and optimization of our website, Products and/or Services – Service providers such as freely based in the UK who provide WordPress website management support services and development. – Service providers Hubspot provide web forms that get processed in its marketing platform, the information is stored there but can only be acted upon dependent on whether opt-in has been provided. – Professional advisers acting as processors or joint controllers including lawyers, bankers, auditors, consultants related to marketing service and insurers based in the UK and US who provide consultancy, banking, legal, insurance, and accounting service. – HM Revenue & Customs, regulators and other authorities acting as processors or joint controllers based in the United Kingdom and US who require reporting of processing activities in certain circumstances.YOUR LEGAL RIGHTSYou have the right to: Request access to your personal data (commonly known as a “data subject access request”). This enables you to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.Request correction of the personal data that we hold about you. This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate data we hold about you corrected, though we may need to verify the accuracy of the new data you provide to us.Request erasure of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal data where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal data where you have successfully exercised your right to object to processing (see below), where we may have processed your information unlawfully or where we are required to erase your personal data to comply with local law. Note, however, that we may not always be able to comply with your request of erasure for specific legal reasons which will be notified to you, if applicable, at the time of your request.Object to processing of your personal data where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground as you feel it impacts on your fundamental rights and freedoms. You also have the right to object where we are processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes. In some cases, we may demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate grounds to process your information which override your rights and freedoms.Request restriction of processing of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of your personal data in the following scenarios:– If you want us to establish the data’s accuracy. – Where our use of the data is unlawful but you do not want us to erase it. – Where you need us to hold the data even if we no longer require it as you need it to establish, exercise or defend legal claims. – You have objected to our use of your data but we need to verify whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to use it.Request the transfer of your personal data to you or to a third party. We will provide to you, or a third party you have chosen, your personal data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. Note that this right only applies to automated information which you initially provided consent for us to use or where we used the information to perform a contract with you.Withdraw consent at any time where we are relying on consent to process your personal data. However, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your consent. If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain products or services to you. We will advise you if this is the case at the time you withdraw your consent.11. EU-US PRIVACY SHIELDLumeon complies with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Union and Switzerland to the United States. Lumeon has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification, please visit https://www.privacyshield.gov/.Lumeon is responsible for the processing of personal data it receives, under the Privacy Shield Frameworks, and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf. Lumeon complies with the Privacy Shield Principles for all onward transfers of personal data from the EU and Switzerland, including the onward transfer liability provisions.With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the Privacy Shield Frameworks, Lumeon is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. In certain situations, Lumeon may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.In compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles, Lumeon commits to resolve complaints about our collection or use of your personal information. EU and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our Privacy Shield policy should first contact Lumeon at:Legal Department – privacy@lumeon.comLumeon has further committed to cooperate with the panel established by the EU data protection authorities (DPAs) and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC) with regard to unresolved Privacy Shield complaints concerning human resources data transferred from the EU and Switzerland in the context of the employment relationship.Finally, as a last resort and under limited circumstances, EU individuals with residual privacy complaints may invoke a binding arbitration option before the Privacy Shield Panel.12. CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICYAny changes we make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on our website and, where material changes have been made, notify you by e-mail. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our privacy policy.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. ACCEPTSettingsPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close Privacy OverviewThis website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always EnabledNecessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessaryAny cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
COVID-19 update: Safely restart elective surgery by using virtual care Download playbook