http://www.searchen.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to primary navigation Skip to main content Skip to footerPrivacy Policy
You are here: Home / Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy & Information Collection
This policy was last updated on November 30, 2019
Internet Marketing Services Inc. (“IMS“) offers our visitors a secure and private experience while keeping our site simple and convenient to use. To do this, we collect, store and/or use very little – if any “Personally Identifiable Information” that could potentially identify you specifically, subject to the terms of this Privacy Policy. Please note this Privacy Policy is applicable only to information collected by IMS through the website (searchen.com) and does not impact information collected or used by IMS, its Internet Service Provider, network services, or its Affiliates through other means.
How you interact with the website determines if and when certain information is collected. For instance, the majority of pages on the site serve visitors purely as “informational” and “read-only” not requiring you to submit contact forms or provide feedback. However, if and when you choose to participate in certain services by inputting your information, this site will collect that information and send it to site administrators while other sections may use information automatically by storing ‘cookies‘ and/or placing them in your computers’ browser. Among other things, cookies prevent you from having to type the same information each and every time you visit, with the sole purpose of providing an easier user experience. This is intended to provide users a better user experience.
Most off the information we collect is for statistical, website administration and analytical purposes including information regarding your geographic location, your computer or devices IP address, what type of device is being used to visit the site, which websites brought you to the service (web referrals or links from other sites) or even, where applicable, what key phrases on search engines may have led to your visit. We do this only where we are permitted by law to collect and process this information.
As we adopt additional technology, we may also gather information through other means. In certain cases, you can choose not to provide us with any information, for example by setting your browser to refuse to accept cookies, but doing so may limit your ability to access certain portions of the site or may require you to re-enter your user name and password each visit. Additionally we may not be able to customize the site’s features according to your preferences.
For more information on how to clear or prevent cookies from being stored in your browser, please click here if you are using Firefox, here for Chrome, and here for Internet Explorer. If you would like to opt-out of interest-based or online behavioral advertising, please click here.
How We Use Data Collected.
First and foremost, we will use your information only as permitted by law and as set forth in this policy. Information that does not personally identify you or any other person specifically may be used in many ways. As one example, we may combine information about your usage patterns with similar information obtained from other users to learn which pages are visited most or what features are most popular. This type of general, non-personal information may occasionally be shared with our business partners but it cannot be used to contact you or any other person individually.
We also may use Personally Identifiable Information collected on the site to communicate with you regarding other products and services offered by IMS and other
IMS Affiliates. We reserve the right to share information with other
IMS business units and any entities that control, are controlled by, or are under common control with, IMS (collectively, “Affiliates“), including without limitation
IMS and its Affiliate related businesses and websites.
Personally Identifiable Information collected by IMS may also be used for other purposes including but not limited to site administration and troubleshooting. Certain third parties who provide technical support for the operation of our site (our Web hosting service, our ISP for example) may also have access to such information. We also contract with other companies to provide services on our behalf, including credit-card and billing processing for our customers and advertisers, ad networks, email servers, list processing and analytics or management. We provide these companies only with the information they need to perform their services.
As we continue to develop our business, we may sell, buy, merge or partner with other companies or businesses, or sell some or all of our assets to other companies or businesses. In such transactions, user information may be among the transferred assets. We may also preserve or disclose your information if required to do so by law, or in good faith belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary for the following purposes: (1) to comply with legal process, such as a court order, search warrant, or subpoena; (2) to enforce the Terms of Service for this site; (3) to render service you request; (4) to protect the rights or property of IMS, and its third party suppliers and licencors; (5) in circumstances that we deem, in our sole discretion, to pose a threat to the safety of you or others; (6) to protect our rights; or (7) to collect on amounts you may owe us.
Partners and Third-Party Affiliates
IMS expects its partners, advertisers and third-party Affiliates to respect the privacy of our users. However, third parties, including our partners, advertisers, Affiliates and other content providers accessible through our site, including social networking sites, may have their own privacy and data collection policies and practices. You should check the applicable privacy policies of those third parties when providing information on a feature or page which is actually operated by a third party. You should also pay special attention and check closely for any labeling or branding next to or aside certain content or functions to help identify the third party.
Security of Personal Information
We have implemented commercially reasonable physical and electronic security measures to protect against the loss, misuse, and alteration of your personal information. For instance, but not limited to, we have adopted SSL (Secure Socket Layer) browser technology to protect you when you visit this site (the connection between your browser and the site is encrypted). Despite our best efforts, however, no security measures are impenetrable. To help us protect your privacy, you should maintain the secrecy of your email and the password you may have set up in connection with your participation in this site.
Children
IMS does not knowingly collect or solicit Personally Identifiable Information from or about children under 13 except as permitted by law. If we discover we have received any information from a child under 13 in violation of this policy, we will delete that information immediately. If you believe IMS has any information from or about anyone under 13, please contact us at the address listed below.
Contacting Us.
Internet Marketing Services Inc. 515 North Flagler Drive, Suite P-300West Palm Beach, FL 33401United States of America561-370-7366sales@searchen.com
Changes to Policy.
IMS reserves the right to change this policy at any time. If you’re concerned with your privacy on this site please check this page periodically for changes. Your use of our site means you accept this policy including any changes we make to it, so please check it from time to time. The date of each update to this policy will be posted prominently at the top of this policy.
Consent for Data Processing Where Applicable (GDPR).
Beginning March 25, 2018, some countries outside of the United States will require explicit consent to process and/or use data gathered on certain sites. However, this site is controlled, operated and administered entirely within the United States. It offers its service only in the English language and does not target users in any other counties. If you are located outside the United States, please be aware that while visiting this site information you provide to us through the site may be processed and transferred to the U.S. The privacy and data protection laws in the U.S. may not be equivalent to such laws in your country of residence. By using the Services, you consent to this collection, transfer, storage, and processing of information to and in the U.S.
California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA).
The California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) is a data privacy law that establishes right for residents of California to opt out of the “sale” of their “personal information” (as the law defines those terms), with the opt-out function offered via a prominent “Do Not Sell My Personal Information” link on the “selling” party’s homepage. CCPA does recognize certain exceptions to the definition of “sale,” such that not all transfers of personal information are “sales.” For example, transferring personal information from users of this site to a “service provider” such as an Internet Service Provider (ISP) under the law is not a sale.
As a part of our continued commitment to users, we never sell personal information to third parties, however, to ensure compliance with CCPA, this site automatically uses “restricted data processing” which meets the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) compliance requirements for all users who our software and advertising partners (Google Analytics, etc.) determine visit this site from the State of California preventing a need for having users specifically “opt-out” by clicking on a “Do Not Sell My Personal Information” link.
Restricted data processing restricts how our advertising and traffic statistic technologies uses certain unique identifiers when users visit and interact with the site, and limits data processed in the provision of services to users. With respect to data to which restricted data processing applies, these purposes include ad delivery, traffic reporting and measurement, security and fraud detection, debugging, and improving and developing features for the services.
© 2020 Internet Marketing Services Inc.