http://www.naviplan.com/legal/privacy-statement
Products
NaviPlan®
NaviPlan® for enterprise
Profiles™
Partners
Partnerships
Integrations
Partner Experience Program
Resources
Blog
Press releases
Events
Learning & support
Contact us
Careers
LOGIN
REQUEST A TRIAL
Privacy statement
Advicent website privacy statement
Review/Revision Date: October 16, 2019
Advicent Solutions and its affiliated entities (collectively, “Advicent”) are committed to managing the collection, use and disclosure of your Personal Information. This Privacy Statement describes how Advicent may collect and handle your Non-Personal Information and Personal Information in connection with your activities with Advicent, including those related to Internet services controlled by Advicent, including websites and applications. You should read this Privacy Statement before using this website and before engaging Advicent for products or services.
Collection and Use of Personal Information
Advicent collects two types of information about our users: Non-Personal Information and Personal Information.
Non-Personal Information is the anonymous information that is automatically collected when you use any of Advicent’s Internet services. Non-Personal Information includes, but is not limited to: client IP (Internet Protocol) address; server IP address; server port; domain used to access an Advicent Internet service; referring domain or website; type and version of operating system and web browser; search query (keywords entered into a search engine); the date and time the access occurred; which resources were accessed. Non-Personal Information is used in aggregate form in order to track and improve the efficiency of Advicent Internet services. Advicent may also use Non-Personal Information as part of an investigation of any suspected data event.
Personal Information means any information about an identifiable individual, and may include, but is not limited to: (i) your name, address, phone number, fax number, or email address; and (ii) credit and/or billing information. Personal Information is collected by Advicent when you voluntarily give it to Advicent. We may also receive Personal Information from our business partners and other third parties, provided that such parties confirm to us that you have consented to the disclosure to Advicent of your Personal Information.
Advicent collects and uses Personal Information to provide you with the products and/or services you have requested from us and to contact you in order to provide you with product-related information, including: news; training and support; customized services; product documentation; and promotional materials. You may at any time withdraw your consent to any further collection, use, or disclosure of Personal Information by contacting our Privacy Officer via the contact information provided below.
"Cookies" are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer's hard drive. Advicent uses Cookies to provide useful features to our customers. Advicent Cookies do not contain any personally identifying information. Your web browser may or may not be set to notify you when you are about to accept a Cookie. If you refuse to accept a Cookie while on Advicent websites, you will not be able to access portions of the site.
Advicent uses Google Analytics. Visit the site “How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services”, located at https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites (or any other URL Google may provide from time to time), to learn more about how Google uses data.
Advicent uses Pendo.  If you use an Advicent product, your name and other data related to your usage of the product(s) will be captured, stored, and analyzed by Pendo and/or Advicent.  Advicent uses this data to improve its products and services.  To learn more about this data usage visit https://www.pendo.io/privacypolicy/ or any other URL which Pendo may provide from time to time
Disclosure of Personal Information
To enable Advicent to efficiently provide the products and services you have requested, Advicent may share your Personal Information with third parties who are acting on Advicent’s behalf as agents, suppliers or service providers. Such third parties are only provided with such information as is necessary for the purpose stipulated by Advicent and are subject to confidentiality obligations. Personal Information Advicent will never sell your Personal Information to anyone. Advicent may, however, sell all of its data, including your Personal Information, to an acquiring party as part of a merger or sale of substantially all of Advicent’s assets or stock. If you have questions or concerns about the disclosure of your Personal Information, or if you believe your information has been improperly disclosed by Advicent, contact our Privacy Officer via the contact information provided below.
If you have applied for a job with Advicent, we disclose your personal information to our private equity sponsor, Vista Equity Partners, and its affiliates, including Vista Consulting Group (collectively, “Vista”), for administration, research, database development, and business operation purposes in line with the terms of this Privacy Policy. Vista processes your personal information on the basis of its legitimate interests in overseeing the recruitment process and, if applicable, your employment relationship with Advicent. If you have consented to us doing so, we also share your personal information with other Vista portfolio companies for the purpose of being considered for other job opportunities in the pooling system. Please find a full list of all Vista portfolio companies at http://www.vistaequitypartners.com/companies/. In connection with the recruitment process, we transfer your personal data to Hirebridge, LLC and Criteria Corp., which provide applicant tracking services. Hirebridge, LLC and Criteria Corp. both comply with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework.  Their privacy statements can be found at https://www.hirebridge.com/corp/privacy.aspx and https://www.criteriacorp.com/privacy.php.
Maintenance and Accuracy of Information
Advicent will try to ensure that information about you is accurate, complete, and up-to date. Advicent will document and archive your information for as long as we have an ongoing business relationship with you and will use your Personal Information for the purpose for which it was collected. At the time that our business relationship is terminated, we will maintain copies of all information collected as required by applicable law and in accordance with industry standard record retention practices. At the end of the retention period, your information will be destroyed or your Personal Information will be deleted and the sum of the information (which would now be anonymous) may be added to a permanent archive of business statistical information for our use.
Advicent is dedicated to keeping its records up to date. As long as we have a business relationship, we may periodically request that you verify that our records are accurate. If at any time you feel that our records are inaccurate, or that your information has been used for a purpose other than that intended, please contact our Privacy Officer via the contact information provided below.
Security
Advicent is committed to the security of your Personal Information and has implemented policies and procedures designed to protect the privacy of your Personal Information. Advicent strives to (1) protect your Personal Information in a manner commensurate with its sensitivity; and (2) take reasonable steps to prevent your Personal Information from being stolen, lost, accessed, copied, used, or modified without permission.
Confidentiality
Documents of a confidential nature that are downloaded, viewed, or sent through Advicent’s software services are secured with TLS encryption. This encrypts any information that is sent to you and protects against unauthorized access.
Access to Information
Customers in certain jurisdictions may have the right to access the information that we collect about them. Customers may request at any time that they be given access to view the information and recommend to us any corrections that should be made. After receiving a request, and subject to any applicable laws preventing Advicent from providing access, we will contact the requesting customer within a reasonable amount of time to arrange a date and method for providing the access that has been requested.
If you believe that there is an error in the information we have on file about you, you can request, in writing, that our Privacy Officer review and correct the information as necessary. When you file your submission you should include a copy of the updated, correct information. The Privacy Officer will verify the authenticity of the submitted documents, as well as their validity for our purposes prior to updating our records.
Advicent’s Privacy Statement is not intended to create any contractual or other legal rights in or on behalf of any party. Advicent reserves the right to change this Privacy Statement at any time by posting revisions on its websites.
If you have questions or concerns about the security of your Personal Information, or if you believe your information has been improperly released, contact our Privacy Officer at the email address or the mailing address contained at the end of this Privacy Statement.
Contact Information
You may contact Advicent as follows:
Advicent Solutions, LP
Attn: Privacy Officer
10700 W. Research Drive
Suite One
Milwaukee, WI 53226
support@advicent.com
Advicent Privacy Shield Policy
Advicent complies with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of Personal Information transferred from the European Union to the United States.  Advicent has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles (“Principles”). This Privacy Shield Policy (“Policy”) outlines Advicent’s general policy and practices for implementing the Principles including the types of information gathered, how it is used, and the notice and choice affected individuals have regarding the use of and their ability to correct that information. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Policy and the Principles, the Principles shall govern.  To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view Advicent’s certification, please visit https://www.privacyshield.gov/.
Principles
Notice
Advicent shall inform an individual of the purpose for which it collects and uses the Personal Information and the types of non-agent third parties to which Advicent discloses or may disclose that Information. Advicent shall provide the individual with the choice and means for limiting the use and disclosure of their Personal Information. Notice will be provided in clear and conspicuous language when individuals are first asked to provide Personal Information to Advicent, or as soon as practicable thereafter, and in any event before Advicent uses or discloses the Information for a purpose other than for which it was originally collected.
Application
Advicent commits that it will strive to apply the Principles to all EU Personal Information it receives in reliance on the Privacy Shield program.
Choice
Advicent will offer individuals the opportunity to choose (opt out) whether their Personal Information is (1) to be disclosed to a third party or (2) to be used for a purpose other than the purpose for which it was originally collected or subsequently authorized by the individual. If Advicent seeks to collect Sensitive Personal Information, Advicent will give individuals the opportunity to affirmatively or explicitly consent (opt in) to the disclosure of the information to a third party or use for a purpose other than the purpose for which it was originally collected or subsequently authorized by the individual. Sensitive Personal Information means personal information specifying medical or health conditions, racial or ethnic origin, sexual orientation, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, or trade union membership.
Onward Transfers
Prior to disclosing Personal Information to a third party, Advicent shall apply the notice and choice principles. Advicent shall ensure that any third party acting as an agent for which Personal Information may be disclosed subscribes to the Principles or are subject to law providing the same level of privacy protection as is required by the Principles, or that the third party has agreed in writing to provide a level of privacy protection equal to that required by the relevant principles. In the context of an onward transfer, Advicent has responsibility for the processing of personal information it receives under the Privacy Shield and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf. Advicent shall remain liable under the Privacy Shield principles if its agent processes such personal information in a manner inconsistent with the principles, unless Advicent proves that it is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
Data Security
Advicent shall take reasonable steps to protect the Information from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. Advicent has put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures designed to safeguard and secure the Information from loss, misuse, unauthorized access or disclosure, alteration, or destruction.
Data Integrity
Advicent shall only use Personal Information in a way that is compatible with and relevant for the purpose for which it was collected or authorized by the individual. To the extent necessary for those purposes, Advicent shall take reasonable steps to ensure that Personal Information is accurate, complete, current, and reliable for its intended use.
Access
Advicent shall allow an individual access to their Personal Information and allow the individual to correct, amend, or delete inaccurate Personal Information, except where the burden or expense of providing access would be disproportionate to the risks to the privacy of the individual in question or where the rights of persons other than the individual would be violated, or as otherwise prohibited by law.
Dispute Resolution
Advicent shall investigate questions and complaints about our information collection practices outlined and is committed to resolve any privacy concerns that individuals may have regarding this policy. Advicent has agreed to participate in the dispute resolution procedures of the panel established by the EU data protection authorities (DPAs) to resolve disputes pursuant to the Principles. A resident of the European Union (EU) whose inquiry has not been satisfactorily addressed may contact either the EU DPAs panel at ec-dppanel-secr@ec.europa.eu or individual EU DPAs using the information provided at http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/bodies/authorities/eu/index_en.htm.
Enforcement
Advicent is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) and any other applicable U.S. authorized statutory body.
Required Disclosure
Advicent may be required to disclose Personal Information in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
Onward Transfers
Advicent acknowledges that it is liable for onward transfers to third parties.
Contact us
10700 W. Research Drive
Suite One
Milwaukee, WI 53226
Driving directions
recruiting@advicentsolutions.com
sales@advicentsolutions.com
Client login
Products
NaviPlan®
NaviPlan® for enterprise
NaviPlan® client portal
NaviPlan® APIs
Profiles™
Partners
Partnerships
Integrations
Partner Experience Program
Resources
Blog
Press releases
Events
Training & support
Contact us
Careers
About
Why Advicent
Legacy & innovation
Leadership team
© 2016-2020 Advicent Solutions
Terms & Conditions
Master Subscription Agreement
Privacy Statement
DMCA Notice
Professional Services Cancellation Policy