https://www.designdock.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
This privacy policy sets out how DesignDock Multimedia Ltd uses and protects any information that you give DesignDock Multimedia Ltd when you use this website.DesignDock Multimedia Ltd is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.DesignDock Multimedia Ltd may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy was last updated 24th May 2018.What we collectWe may collect the following information:namecontact information including email address and telephone detailsdemographic information such as address and post codeother information relevant to our servicesWhat we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:Internal record keeping.We may use the information to improve our products and services.We may periodically send promotional emails about our products or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes.SecurityWe are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.Transfer of your data outside EU
We will not transfer your data outside of the EU. However if you complete a proposal with us, we use DigiSigner to complete documents, and your data will be transferred to the US.  Please refer to DigiSigner’s privacy policy for more detail, this is available on their website.How we use cookiesA cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.Initially when you first visit our website you will see a notification stating that our website uses cookies.  If you are not happy for them to be used, then you should either not use this site, or you should delete our cookies once you have visited the site, or you should browse the site using your browser’s anonymous usage setting (called “Incognito” in Chrome, “InPrivate” for Internet Explorer, “Private Browsing” in Firefox etc.)We use traffic statistic cookies such as Google Analytics to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, information like the number of visitors to the site, where visitors have come to the site from and which pages they visited, but we don’t get personal information and can’t track who you are. There is more information available about Google Analytics cookies, and Google offer a Google ‘opt-out’ plugin if you don’t want their cookies to be used in your browser.You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.If you wish to restrict or block web browser cookies which are set on your device then you can do this through your browser settings; the Help function within your browser should tell you how. Alternatively, you may wish to visit www.aboutcookies.org, which contains information on how to do this on a wide variety of browsers.Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.Links to other websites and external services
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.We may also use a number of external web services on our website, mostly to display content within our web pages. For example, to display videos we could use YouTube. We cannot prevent these sites, or external domains, from collecting information on your usage of this embedded content. If you are not logged in to these external services then they will not know who you are, but are likely to gather anonymous usage information e.g. number of views, plays, loads etc.Controlling your personal informationWe will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so.You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please contact us.If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please email us as soon as possible. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.DisclaimerThe material on this site is given for general information only, and does not constitute professional advice. You should take specific advice before taking a course of action as we do not accept directly or indirectly any responsibility for loss arising directly or indirectly from reliance on information on our site.featured projectsSOUND SERVICESSound Services hire, maintain, sell, service and install sound systems for all requirements.
Client Testimonial SPENCER MUNSONLetting Agent based in Loughton and South Woodford. They specialise primarily in renting and managing property within South West Essex IG10 and East London E18. Client Testimonial
Scroll Up
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkRead more