https://www.webonautics.com/cookie-policy/
Home
About Us
Profile
Our Core
Why Us
Services
Web Applications
WordPress Solutions
Mobile Solutions
Graphics
Bits n Bytes
Contact
Cookie Policy
Home » Cookie Policy
Like all websites, we use technology on our website to collect information that helps us enhance your experience and our products and services. This is the Cookie Policy for Webonautics, accessible from https://www.webonautics.com (Website).
What Are Cookies
Cookies are tiny text files that are stored by your computer (this includes smartphones, tablets or any device that you use to access the internet) that contain minute pieces of information specific to a website or a user.
As is common practice with almost all professional websites this site uses cookies, which are downloaded to your computer, to improve your experience. This page describes what information they gather, how we use it and why we sometimes need to store these cookies. We will also share how you can prevent these cookies from being stored however this may downgrade or ‘break’ certain elements of the sites functionality.
For more general information on cookies see the Wikipedia article on HTTP Cookies.
How We Use Cookies
The cookies we use do not store personally identifiable information nor can they harm your computer. We want our website to be informative, personal, and as user friendly as possible and cookies help us to achieve that goal.
By using our website, you agree to the use of cookies and other technologies as set out in this cookie policy. We appreciate some users may like more individual control over their visit to our website and can adjust their settings accordingly. If you do not agree to such use, please refrain from using the website.
We use cookies for a variety of reasons detailed below. Unfortunately, in most cases there are no industry standard options for disabling cookies without completely disabling the functionality and features they add to this site. It is recommended that you leave on all cookies if you are not sure whether you need them or not in case they are used to provide a service that you use.
Disabling Cookies
You can prevent the setting of cookies by adjusting the settings on your browser (see your browser Help for how to do this). Be aware that disabling cookies will affect the functionality of this and many other websites that you visit. Disabling cookies will usually result in also disabling certain functionality and features of this site. Therefore, it is recommended that you do not disable cookies.
The Cookies We Set
Login related cookiesThis Website does not offer Login or Account Registration. However, if/when such feature is activated, the Website uses cookies when you are logged in so that we can remember this fact. This prevents you from having to log in every single time you visit a new page. These cookies are typically removed or cleared when you log out to ensure that you can only access restricted features and areas when logged in.
Email newsletters related cookiesThis site offers newsletter or email subscription services and cookies may be used to remember if you are already registered and whether to show certain notifications which might only be valid to subscribed/unsubscribed users.
Forms related cookiesWhen you submit data to through a form such as those found on contact pages or comment forms cookies may be set to remember your user details for future correspondence.
Site preferences cookiesTo provide you with a great experience on this site we provide the functionality to set your preferences for how this site runs when you use it. To remember your preferences, we need to set cookies so that this information can be called whenever you interact with a page is affected by your preferences.
Third Party Cookies
In some special cases we also use cookies provided by trusted third parties. The following section details which third party cookies you might encounter through this site.Google AnalyticsThis site uses Google Analytics which is one of the most widespread and trusted analytics solution on the web for helping us to understand how you use the site and ways that we can improve your experience. These cookies may track things such as how long you spend on the site and the pages that you visit so we can continue to produce engaging content.
Read our Privacy Policy
Cookie PolicyOur site uses Cookies to offer you a better browsing experience, analyze site traffic and personalize content. Read about how we use cookies and how you can control them in our Read More. If you continue to use this site, you consent to our use of cookies.
ACCEPTCookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.