https://www.advancedclustering.com/privacy-policy/
Compare systems
Advanced Clustering Technologies, Inc. is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement. Advanced Clustering Technologies, Inc. collects information from our users at several different points on our website.
Order
We request information from the user on our order form. Here a user must provide contact information (such as name and shipping address) and financial information (such as credit card number, expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill customer orders. If we have trouble processing an order, this contact information is used to get in touch with the user.
Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user’s hard drive containing information about the user. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on our site. Once the user closes their browser, the cookie simply terminates. For instance, by setting a cookie on our site, the user would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. If a user rejects the cookie, they may still use our site. The only drawback to this is that the user will be limited in some areas of our site. For example, the user will not be able to participate in any of our Sweepstakes, Contests or Drawings. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site.
Some of our business partners use cookies on our site (for example, advertisers); however, we have no access to nor control over these cookies.
Log Files
We use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Links
This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we (Advanced Clustering Technologies, Inc.) are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this website.
Surveys & Contests
Occasionally our site requests information from users via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and the user therefore has a choice of whether or not to disclose this information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code, age level). Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site.
Security
This website takes every precaution to protect our users’ information. When users submit sensitive information via the website, user information is protected both online and offline.
When our registration/order form asks users to enter sensitive information (such as credit card number and/or social security number), that information is encrypted and is protected with the best encryption software in the industry – SSL. While on a secure page, such as our order form, the lock icon on the bottom of Web browsers appears locked (as opposed to unlocked, or open when users are browsing the site).
While we use SSL encryption to protect sensitive information online, we also do everything in our power to protect user-information offline. All of our users’ information, not just the sensitive information mentioned above, is restricted in our offices. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, our billing clerk or a customer service representative) are granted access to personally identifiable information. Our employees must use password-protected screen-savers when they leave their desks. When they return, they must re-enter their password to re-gain access to your information. Furthermore, ALL employees are kept up-to-date on our security and privacy practices. Every quarter, as well as any time new policies are added, our employees are notified and/or reminded about the importance we place on privacy, and what they can do to ensure our customers’ information is protected. Finally, the servers that we store personally identifiable information on are kept in a secure environment, behind a locked cage.
If you have any questions about the security at our website, you can send an email to info@advancedclustering.com.
Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on our Homepage so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under which circumstances (if any) we disclose it. If at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify users via email. Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.
Request a Consultation from our team of HPC Experts
Would you like to speak to one of our HPC experts? We are here to help you. Submit your details, and we'll be in touch shortly.
Name*
First
Last
Email address*
PhoneMessage*PhoneThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.