https://www.pentaware.com/en_US/go/privacy-policy/
SaveOurScreen
2020 Calendar Winter in Japan
00_cover_20190223-DSC_3313
01_Jan_20180226-DSC_0280
02_Feb_20190222-_DSC5173-2
03_March_20190228-_DSC5819
04_April_20190224-DSC_3597
05May_20180302-DSC_3507
06_June_20180224-DSC_9621
07_July_9784
08_Aug_20190223-DSC_3497
09_Sept_20180301-DSC_2350
10_Oct_20190224-DSC_3761
11Nov_20180301-DSC_2798
12_Dec_20190221_190744
13_Back_20190223-DSC_3289
Home
Corporate Info
Products
PentaZip
PentaZip-PRO
PentaWare Server Edition
Other Products
PentaSuite-PRO
PentaCLI-PRO
Support
Buy now
Contact us
News
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
At Pentaware, we’re committed to your privacy
You can use most of our site without giving us any information about yourself. Sometimes, we do need information to provide services that you request, and this statement of privacy explains data collection and use in those situations. Please read the complete PentaWare privacy statement.
Any information you provide while visiting the Pentaware site will be used by PentaWare or an authorized PentaWare Partner only. We will not share your information with any other organization or party.
Collecting your Personal Information
We will ask you when we need information that personally identifies you (personal information) or allows us to contact you. Generally, this information is requested when you are asked to register for such items as events, newsletters, reports, software downloads, or discussion groups. Personal information collected by PentaWare often is limited to first and last name, e- mail address, language, telephone number, country or location, but may include other information when needed to provide a service you requested.
As a convenience to our site visitors, we may provide links to other web sites. These linked sites are not under the control of PentaWare, and as such, we are not responsible for their function.
Use of your Personal Information
We use your personal information for four primary purposes:
To allow you to purchase and/or download products.
To gather broad demographic information about user trends and visitors to our website.
To help us create and deliver content most relevant to you.
To enable PentaWare, its resellers and distributors to alert you to product upgrades, special offers, updated information and other new services from Pentaware.
When someone visits the site, a cookie is placed on the customer’s machine (if the customer accepts cookies) or is read if the customer has visited the site previously. A “cookie” is a small amount of data transferred to your browser and read by the Web server that placed it there. It works as a sort of identification card, recording your preferences and previously entered information. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to accept or reject it.
The email address and other information you provide when you register with PentaWare will not be shared with any other organization. It will be used only by PentaWare to send you news about our company and our products. To opt-out of distributions at any time, please send an email to info [@] pentaware.com
Security
PentaWare will employ reasonable precautions to protect personal information from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction. Such measures may include the use of password protection and restricting access to personal information to those with a legitimate purpose in receiving the information. Employees who have access to such personal information shall be trained regarding this Policy, advised that they are responsible for fully complying with the privacy principles articulated in this Policy and instructed that violations of these principles shall result in appropriate discipline up to and including termination.
Cookies
To ensure we are publishing content customers need and want, PentaWare collects site-visitation statistics using cookies.
A cookie is a small string of text that a website can send to your browser. A cookie cannot retrieve any other data from your hard drive, pass on computer viruses, or capture your email address. A cookie may contain information (such as a unique user ID), that is used to track the pages of the sites you’ve visited. Note that a cookie does not retrieve any  of your Personal Information. PentaWare will use this tracked information to analyze trends, to measure the number of visitors to our sites,and to help make PentaWare’s website easier to use and navigate.
If you choose to not have your browser accept cookies from the PentaWare site, you will be able to view our sites, however, you will not experience a personalized visit, nor will you be able to subscribe to the service offerings on the site
This website uses Google Analytics and other statistic tools, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website will be transmitted to and stored by providers on servers in the United States.
Data Integrity
Personal information must be relevant for the purposes for which it is to be used. Personal information will not be processed in a way that is incompatible with the purposes for which it has been collected or subsequently authorized by the individual. To the extent necessary for those purposes, reasonable steps shall be taken to help ensure that the personal information is reliable for its intended use, accurate, complete and current. Reasonable steps shall also be taken to accommodate privacy preferences, such as restricting access to the personal information to those who have a legitimate business need to know the information, anonymizing certain information, or assigning codes or pseudonyms when the actual names are not required for the purpose at hand.
Access to Your Personal Information
If you are a registered user or have been named as a “Contact” for a company, you may send a request to review and update your Personal Information at any time by contacting PentaWare at info [@] pentaware.com request to see the Personal Information details PentaWare has collected. While you are named as the “Contact” for a particular company, P will direct to you most of the correspondences for such company. If you do not wish to receive further correspondence for and on behalf of your company, you may change the “Contact” to another individual after consultation with your company. In the alternative, if you do not wish to receive further direct marketing materials, you may “unsubscribe” the relevant marketing materials. If you are no longer the “Contact” for a particular company, we will retain in our files some of your Personal Information to prevent fraud, resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems, enforce our Legal Notice and Terms of Use, respect your opt-out preferences, and comply with legal requirements as permitted by law.
Enforcement
PentaWare has verified and will verify annually that the attestations and assertions made about its privacy practices are true and that those privacy practices have been implemented as represented. This verification has been and will be performed by an authorized representative of PentaWare at least once a year.
Children’s Privacy
PentaWare does not knowingly or intentionally collect information from anyone under the age of 13, and we request that anyone under the age of 13 does not submit personal information. If we become aware that someone under the age of 13 has submitted personal information, we will delete the information from our records.
Contact Information
Inquiries or complaints regarding this Policy should be directed to
PentaWare, Inc.
One New Hampshire Avenue, Suite 125
Portsmouth, NH 03801
U.S.A.
Tel.    1-888-998-1492 (in NH or outside the U.S. 603-929-9828 )
Fax:   1-603-218-6044
Email: info [@] pentaware.com
Pentaware reserves the right to modify or update this privacy statement at any time without notice.
PentaWare
Copyright © 2019 PentaWare, Inc. All rights reserved.
PentaSuite®, PentaZip®, It’s MORE Than Just A ZIP Program® are registered trademarks of PentaWare, Inc.
All other names and trademarks are the property of their respective owners.
Privacy Policy