http://www.actiontec.com/cookie-policy/
About this cookie policy.
This Cookie Policy explains what cookies are and how we use them. You should read this policy to understand what cookies are, how we use them, the types of cookies we use i.e, the information we collect using cookies and how that information is used and how to control the cookie preferences. For further information on how we use, store and keep your personal data secure, see our Privacy Policy.
What are cookies ?
Cookies are small text files that are used to store small pieces of information. The cookies are stored on your device when the website is loaded on your browser. These cookies help us make the website function properly, make the website more secure, provide better user experience, and understand how the website performs and to analyze what works and where it needs improvement.
How do we use cookies ?
As most of the online services, our website uses cookies first-party and third-party cookies for a number of purposes. The first-party cookies are mostly necessary for the website to function the right way, and they do not collect any of your personally identifiable data.
The third-party cookies used on our websites are used mainly for understanding how the website performs, how you interact with our website, keeping our services secure, providing advertisements that are relevant to you, and all in all providing you with a better and improved user experience and help speed up your future interactions with our website.
What types of cookies do we use ?
The cookies used on our website are grouped into the following categories.
AnalyticsPerformanceFunctionalAdvertisementNecessaryNecessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
The below list details the cookies used in our website.
CookieDescriptionAnalytics_gatThis cookies is installed by Google Universal Analytics to throttle the request rate to limit the colllection of data on high traffic sites._gaThis cookie is installed by Google Analytics. The cookie is used to calculate visitor, session, camapign data and keep track of site usage for the site's analytics report. The cookies store information anonymously and assigns a randoly generated number to identify unique visitors._gidThis cookie is installed by Google Analytics. The cookie is used to store information of how visitors use a website and helps in creating an analytics report of how the wbsite is doing. The data collected including the number visitors, the source where they have come from, and the pages viisted in an anonymous form._hjIncludedInSampleThis cookie is set to let Hotjar know whether that visitor is included in the sample which is used to generate Heatmaps, Funnels, Recordings, etc.pardotThe cookie is set when the visitor is logged in as a Pardot user.GPSThis cookie is set by Youtube and registers a unique ID for tracking users based on their geographical locationPerformanceYSCThis cookies is set by Youtube and is used to track the views of embedded videos.Functionalcookielawinfo-checkbox-uncategorizedThese cookies are used to keep track of your cookie preference on this site.cookielawinfo-checkbox-functionalThese cookies are used to keep track of your cookie preference on this site.AdvertisementIDEUsed by Google DoubleClick and stores information about how the user uses the website and any other advertisement before visiting the website. This is used to present users with ads that are relevant to them according to the user profile.Necessarycookielawinfo-checkbox-necessaryThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The purpose of this cookie is to check whether or not the user has given the consent to the usage of cookies under the category 'Necessary'.cookielawinfo-checkbox-analyticsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The purpose of this cookie is to check whether or not the user has given the consent to the usage of cookies under the category 'Analytics'.cookielawinfo-checkbox-performanceThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The purpose of this cookie is to check whether or not the user has given the consent to the usage of cookies under the category 'Performance'.PHPSESSIDThis cookie is native to PHP applications. The cookie is used to store and identify a users' unique session ID for the purpose of managing user session on the website. The cookie is a session cookies and is deleted when all the browser windows are closed.__cfduidThe cookie is set by CloudFare. The cookie is used to identify individual clients behind a shared IP address d apply security settings on a per-client basis. It doesnot correspond to any user ID in the web application and does not store any personally identifiable information.cookielawinfo-checkbox-advertisementThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The purpose of this cookie is to check whether or not the user has given their consent to the usage of cookies under the category 'Advertisement'.cookielawinfo-checkbox-preferencesThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The purpose of this cookie is to check whether or not the user has given the consent to the usage of cookies under the category 'Preferences'.cookielawinfo-checkbox-non-necessaryThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The purpose of this cookie is to check whether or not the user has given their consent to the usage of cookies under the category 'Non-Necessary'.viewed_cookie_policyThe cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data.
How can I control the cookie preferences ?
You can manage your cookies preferences by clicking on the “Cookie Settings” link below and enabling or disabling the cookie categories on the popup according to your preferences.
Cookie settings
In addition to this, different browsers provide different methods to block and delete cookies used by websites. You can change the settings of your browser to block/delete the cookies. To find out more out more on how to manage and delete cookies, visit wikipedia.org, www.allaboutcookies.org.
By continuing to use our website, you acknowledge the use of cookies.Cookie settings Privacy Policy XPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.  For more information see our Cookie Policy page.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Analytics
analytics
Performance
performance
Functional
functional
Advertisement
advertisement
Save & Accept
Share This
LinkedIn
Facebook
Twitter
Business Development
Name*
First
Last
Email*
PhoneTitle*Company*Product Inquiry*
Optim
Home Networking
WiFi Gateways & Routers
Retail Products
Question*CAPTCHA