http://www.kodakalaris.com/privacy-policy
Alaris
Alaris World
Alaris Support
Actionable Intelligence
Kodak Moments
Kodak Moments for Consumers
Kodak Moments for Retailers
Contract Manufacturing
Event Imaging Solutions
Photographers & Photofinishers
Company
Leadership
Careers
Social Responsibility
Financials
Environment, Health and Safety
Locations
Support
Contact Us
Pressroom
News
Legal
Privacy
Sitemap
Contact Us
E-Waste Management
LinkedIn
Privacy Policy
Summary of Online Privacy Notice
(Revised May 12, 2018)
Our Commitment to Privacy
Within this Privacy Notice, Kodak Alaris will be referred to as "The Company."
At Kodak Alaris, we are committed to protecting your privacy. Our pledge is to obtain your explicit consent prior to collecting your personal information, and to safeguard any personal data that you do provide us, and to use this information only as you consent.
We are taking a leadership role in assisting our customers and other businesses in understanding the importance of using your personal information appropriately.  The Company is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the US Federal Trade Commission (FTC).
The Company is a member of the DMA Privacy Shield Program. As an active member of the DMA, we are showing our commitment to making the Internet a safe and secure place for you to transact online. The Company is a participant in the Privacy Shield program between the US and the European Union.  To learn more about the Privacy Shield and our certification in these programs, visit the U.S. Department of Commerce by going to https://www.privacyshield.gov
Scope of This Notice
The goal of this Privacy Notice is to advise you of the online privacy practices of Kodak Alaris and more specifically kodakalaris.com, alarisworld.com, kodakmoments.com, imaging.kodakalaris.com and aifoundry.com and to describe the choices you have about the way your collected information is used. For information about other websites, mobile applications, data collections and services, please review the privacy notice published in connection with such. For your convenience, you can find our Data Privacy Policy and our E-Commerce Privacy Notice by following the associated hyperlinks.
Your Personal Data
The Company's primary goal is to only use your personal data for purposes and in ways that you consent.  We collect personal data, first, to give you a meaningful, enjoyable, and personalized website experience;, second, to facilitate the development of new products and services relevant to consumers like you, and third when you consent, collecting your personal data allows us to provide better service to you by tailoring our communications to match your interests- deliver more of what you want and less of what you don't want.
Here are the types of information we gather:
Information You Explicitly Provide:
In order to establish your account, register products, or to participate in various online programs offered through Kodak Alaris and/or kodakalaris.com and related sites, you will be asked to provide certain personally identifiable information to us such as your name, mailing address, email address, and phone number. You will always be informed about how this information will be used.  We commit to only using this information in accordance with the privacy notice and terms provided to you at the time of collection (and as updated from time to time).  You will always be given the opportunity to decline providing this information.
Information We Automatically Collect:
We use common internet technologies such as cookies and beacons. Some are essential to make our site work; others help us improve the user experience. By using our sites, you consent to the placement of these cookies.
Cookies: Cookies are small pieces of information stored by your browser on your computer's hard drive, at a web site's request. The Company cookies do not contain any personal information, but are used primarily as follows:
to keep track of temporary information. For example, cookies allow us to keep track of the pictures you upload and download;
to register you in programs, cookies allow us to remember you when you login to the places on our site that require membership;
to remember your country and language preferences;
to help us understand the size of our audience and traffic patterns;
to collect and record information about what you viewed on our Web site and what you viewed in our email;
to manage and present site information and the pictures displayed on your computer, and
to deliver information specific to your interests.
The Company participates in cookie-based ad networks operated by:
Netmining LLC
AOL and affiliates, Tacoda and Advertising.com
Google Analytics™
These companies use cookies, web beacons, pixels, or other technologies to collect information about the effectiveness of their advertisements and the types of ads that would be of greatest interest to you. These tools allow them to track some data relating to your computer and your internet browsing on The Company sites or other sites that participate in their networks. This data includes your computer's IP Address, the website addresses visited, the browser type used, the computer's operating system, and the date, time and duration of the visit to each page. We do not permit these companies to collect any personal information about you, such as your name, email or physical address. For more information about these specialized cookies and other technologies, and how to "opt out" of information collection by these companies, we suggest you visit:
https://www.ignitionone.com/privacy-policy/
http://advertising.aol.com/privacy
In addition, the Network Advertising Initiative offers useful information about Internet advertising companies (also called "ad networks" or "network advertisers"), including information about how to opt-out of their information collection. Please visit http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/.
Web Beacons: We also place small "tracker gifs" or "beacons" on many of the pages on our website, in online advertising with third parties, and in our email. We use these beacons, in connection with cookies, to collect non-personal data on the usage of our site including but not limited to the date and time of the visit, the pages visited, the referring web page, the type of browser (e.g., Internet Explorer, Firefox, Safari, Chrome, etc..), the type of operating system (e.g., Windows, Linux, or Mac), and the domain name of the visitor's Internet service provider (e.g., AOL). This information is collected about thousands of site visits and analyzed as a whole. This information is useful in, for example, tracking the performance of our online advertising such as online banner ads and to determine where to place future advertising on other web sites.
Google Analytics™: Kodakalaris.com uses Google Analytics, a third-party web analysis service provided by Google Inc. ('Google'). Google Analytics uses "performance cookies" to analyze how you use the website. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. This website uses Google Analytics with the expansion '_anonymizeIp()'; therefore, only abbreviated IP addresses will be further processed, so that a direct reference to the individual user is eliminated. Your IP address will be shortened beforehand by Google within member states of the European Union or in other signatory states of the Treaty on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be transmitted to a Google Server in the USA and shortened there. Google will use this information on behalf of the website operator for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity, and providing other services to website operators relating to website activity and Internet usage. Google will not associate the IP address transmitted under Google Analytics by your browser with other data held by Google. You may prevent the use of Google Analytics by disabling cookies in the browser's set up screen. You may prevent the storage of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser software; however, we must advise you that in this case, you might not be able to use all functions of this website to the full extent. You may prevent Google from recording the data generated by the cookie and pertaining to your use of the website (including your IP address), or processing these data by downloading and installing the following browser plug-in available through Google at the following link:
http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en
Google's Privacy Notice can be located at www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html
Disabling Cookies and beacons: If you are uncomfortable with the collection of such information through the use of cookies and beacons, we recommend disabling these features through your browser preferences, though please understand this will limit the performance and functionality of The Company's Web site. Your browser documentation should provide specific procedures for disabling cookie and beacon support.
IP Addresses: We analyze IP addresses in the aggregate for system administration purposes and to gather broad demographic information. We do not link IP addresses to your computer's User ID, with the following exception: when you place an order using our online checkout process we record your computer's IP address with your order to help us identify fraudulent credit card use. We may share this information with the financial institution that issued the credit card with which an order was placed, or with law enforcement authorities if we determine, or are notified, that the use of the credit card was fraudulent.
Using Your Information
The Company only uses your personal information for the purpose of conducting business with you. Some examples include:
registering you in programs
creating and maintaining accounts
processing, fulfilling, and following up on orders
answering your email
communicating with you
sending colleagues information on your behalf
sending surveys
registering products
We also use this personal information to provide you with information related to your account, the products or services you purchased from us, to better understand your needs and interests, to improve our service and to personalize communications.
Does The Company Share Your Information?
Your personally data will not be rented or sold to any third party. The Company may share your personal information as follows:
Companies who work on our behalf: We contract with other companies to perform business support functions on our behalf, which may involve limited access to your personal information. We require these companies to use the information only to provide the contracted services; they are prohibited from transferring the information to another party except as needed to provide those services. Some examples of these business support functions include order fulfillment, coupon fulfillment, award and rebate fulfillments, customer survey execution; and information systems management. We also may make aggregate non-personal information available to select service providers.
The Company's subsidiaries and affiliates: A subsidiary or affiliate is an organization in which The Company owns at least a 50% interest and/or is owned by a common entity controlling more than 50% in each company. If The Company shares your information with a subsidiary or affiliate, The Company will require that they not transfer your information to another party for marketing purposes or use your information contrary to your expressed choices. If you have indicated that you do not want to receive any marketing information from The Company, we will not share your information with our subsidiary or joint venture partner for their marketing purposes.
Business Transfers: The Company reserves the right to transfer your personal information in connection with the sale or transfer of all or a portion of our business or assets. If the business is sold or transferred, The Company will give you an opportunity to tell us not to transfer your personal information. In some cases, this may mean that the new organization will not be able to continue providing to you the services or products that The Company provided.
Law Enforcement: The Company may disclose personal information to third parties without your consent for any of the following reasons: to comply with lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements, any law, regulation or court order, to cooperate with Government investigations.
The Company remains responsible and liable under both the EU General Data Protection Regulation and the Privacy Shield Principles if third-party agents that we engage to process your personal data on our behalf do so in a manner inconsistent with the Principles, unless The Company proves that we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
Your Choices about Receiving Email
The Company may send you email about your orders or your account and in response to your questions. The Company and its subsidiaries may also send you email with information and/or special offers about products and services that may be of interest to you, unless you indicate you do not want to receive them.
Under most circumstances, we will give you an opportunity to let us know your preference regarding the receiving of promotional email. This option applies to promotional email only, as we may find it necessary to send email relating to your account, order, product or pricing changes.
Promotional email that you receive from The Company will tell you how to decline receiving future promotional email. For additional information about declining email from The Company, click here.
Protecting Your Information
The Company implements a variety of administrative and technical security measures to help protect your personal information. The Company policies, standards, and procedures which relate specifically to the handling of personal information. These include certain controls to help safeguard the information we collect online.
The Company employees are trained to understand and comply with these controls and we communicate our Privacy Notice, practices and guidelines to our employees. However, while we strive to protect your personal information, you must also take steps to protect your information. We urge you to take every precaution to protect your personal information while you are on the Internet.
Communities
Some of our sites may enable you to participate in public services such as discussion boards, chats, and live events. Although use of these sites requires your explicit consent, please use discretion when posting personal data about yourself when using these services. Be aware that when you disclose personal data at these sites, such as your name, member name, email address, etc., the information may be collected and used by others to send unsolicited email. The services are open to the public, and what you post there can be seen by anyone and is not protected. The Company cannot control the comments that you may receive while you participate in these services. You may find other people's comments to be offensive, harmful or inaccurate.
Outside Links
Some The Company Web sites contain links to and from other Web sites and The Company is not responsible for the privacy practices of those Web sites. The Company encourages you to ascertain the privacy practices of those Web sites.
Accessing, Controlling, and Keeping Your Personal Data Accurate
You have a right to access your personal data and make choices about our use and collection of such data.
Privacy Shield
The Company complies with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information from European Union member countries. The Company has certified that it adheres to the Privacy Shield based on Notice, Choice, Accountability for Onward Transfer, Security, Data Integrity and Purpose Limitation, Access, and Recourse, Enforcement and Liability. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view The Company's certification, please visit the Privacy Shield website.
How to Reach Us
If you have questions or concerns about GDPR, Privacy Shield, or about your privacy in general, please contact us by mail at:
Kodak Alaris Inc.
Attn: Data Protection Office
336 Initivative Drive
Rochester, NY 14624
Or send an email to DPO@kodakalaris.com
The Company's Data Protection Office will work with you to resolve any concerns you have about this Notice.  For any complaints that cannot be resolved with The Company directly, we will cooperate with EU data protection authorities (DPAs) and comply with the information and advice provided to it by DPAs in relation to such unresolved complaints (as further described in the Privacy Shield Principles). Please contact us to be directed to the relevant DPA contacts.
The Company also participates in the Direct Marketing Association Privacy Shield programs. Further information about their programs is available at https://thedma.org/resources/compliance-resources/privacy-shield-guide/
In addition, consumers may register and/or otherwise contact the DMA Privacy Shield Line by submitting an online form or contacting by mail at:
Data & Marketing Association
Attn: Privacy Shield Program
225 Reinekers Lane, Suite 325; Alexandria, VA 22314
fax: 202.955.0085
As further explained in the Privacy Shield Principles, a binding arbitration option will also be made available to you in order to address residual complaints not resolved by any other means.
Changes to this Privacy Notice
The Company reserves the right to modify this Privacy Notice from time to time, by posting a prominent announcement on this page or, in the event of a material change, by notifying by email all customers whose personal information we have retained.
This Privacy Notice was last amended on May 21, 2018
Alaris
Kodak Moments
Retailers
Event Imaging Solutions
Photographers & Photofinishers
Company
Support
Contact Us
Legal
Privacy
Sitemap
Contact Us
E-Waste Management
© 2020 Kodak Alaris Inc. TM/MC/MR: Alaris | The Kodak and Kodak Moments trademark and Kodak trade dress are used under license from Eastman Kodak Company.
This site uses cookies to store information on your computer. Some are essential to make our site work; others help us improve the user experience. By using the site, you consent to the placement of these cookies. Read our Privacy Statement to learn more.
Continue