https://www.atempo.com/mandatory-legal-notice/
Home | Legal notice & Personal data policy Legal notice & Personal data policy
Mandatory legal notice
Phone number: +33 (0) 1 6486 8300
Email address: info@atempo.com
Legal representative: The Company KICK START MANAGEMENT
ATEMPO is subject to value added tax under the identification number: FR63 383 923 786
Gender equality index: Index for this 2019 is 35.
Publisher identification
Verified Dec. 9th 2019 -
The publisher of this website < atempo.com > (hereinafter the “Site”) is ATEMPO, a simplified joint-stock company (SAS), registered with the Evry Trade and Companies Register under number 383 923 786. The company registered office is located at Atempo, 23 Avenue Carnot, 91300 Massy (hereinafter “ATEMPO“) is the data controller within the meaning of the GDPR, for the collection and processing of personal data carried out on the sites offered by the domain <atempo.com>
- Publication and Hosting
Publication Director: Luc D’Urso
Hosting provided by: OVH
The address where users of the Site can submit their complaints is: Atempo, 23 Avenue Carnot, 91300 Massy.
Atempo personal data policy
ATEMPO, a simplified joint-stock company (SAS), registered with the Evry Trade and Companies Register under number 383 923 786, whose registered office is located at Atempo, 23 Avenue Carnot, 91300 Massy (hereinafter “ATEMPO“) is the data controller within the meaning of the GDPR, for the collection and processing of personal data carried out on the sites offered by the domain <atempo.com> (hereinafter the “Site“).
As such, ATEMPO undertakes to respect your personal data, which is collected and processed when you use the Site. ATEMPO complies with European and French legislation on the protection of personal data, and in particular European regulation EU No. 2016/679 known as the “GDPR”.
- Purposes of processing operations
Your personal data may be collected and processed through the Site for the following purposes:
The various forms on the Site and their purpose(s)
The Site offers several forms, the purposes of which are as follows:
The purpose is the “Contact request” and “Demonstration request“
These forms are intended for ATEMPO’s relevant departments and, on certain occasions, for its service providers in order to: organise a presentation or a free demonstration of ATEMPO’s products, inform you about its activity, reply to a request for a quote, and/or process your request for information.
The purpose is the “Pre-Registration and Information request“
This form is intended for ATEMPO’s customers and/or prospects wishing to follow the courses and training organised by ATEMPO’s training centre as part of its services. This data is intended for the ATEMPO Training Centre.
The purpose is the request for subscription to the communications offered by ATEMPO (Newsletter and Blogs)
This form or these checkboxes allow you to subscribe to ATEMPO’s Newsletter and Blogs. For this purpose, the email address is the only compulsory information to be communicated to ATEMPO, the other information being optional. Your contact information will therefore be kept for the time necessary to manage the commercial relationship, and taking into account the duration of your subscription to the ATEMPO Newsletter and Blogs.
The purpose is to “Find a reseller”
This form is intended for ATEMPO’s customers and/or prospects wishing to be put in contact via ATEMPO with a partner in the framework of their commercial activities. In this case, the data of the customers and/or prospects will be transmitted to one of ATEMPO’s Partners /. The data collected in this context is kept for the time strictly necessary for the fulfilment of this purpose.
The purpose is the possibility to apply for positions offered by ATEMPO via its “Career” tab
This form is intended for candidates wishing to apply for the recruitment offers presented on the Site. Candidates’ data is intended for ATEMPO’s internal recruitment service and is kept for the time of recruitment management by ATEMPO’s services. All data that allows proof of a right or contract to be established, or that is kept in order to comply with a legal and/or regulatory obligation, may be the subject of an archiving policy, and may be kept for this purpose in accordance with the legal and/or regulatory provisions in force.
The purpose is to collect contacts for making appointments, for events or online webinars
These forms are intended to collect information from ATEMPO customers or prospects in order to be able to organise appointments, events or online webinars in connection with ATEMPO’s activities and services. This data will be kept for the time strictly necessary to fulfil this purpose.
The “Support Portal” login area
The “Support Portal” login area
The Site includes a login area called “Support Portal” so that ATEMPO customers and/or prospects can access ATEMPO’s knowledge base, discover new versions of its products or learn how to use them, and find answers to their questions. The navigation data of visitors to the Site is collected through connection data (logs) generated by the support portal. It is kept for security purposes and to allow you to access your account, for a period of time strictly necessary for these purposes. This data is intended for ATEMPO’s services and/or the service providers it uses to manage the Support Portal and ensure its security.
The “Partner” login area
The “Partner” login area
The Site includes a login area called “Partner Portal” so that ATEMPO partners can access the ATEMPO knowledge base, discover the documentation and training courses produced and learn how to use and sell them. The navigation data of visitors to the Site is collected through connection data (logs) generated by the support portal. It is kept for security purposes and to allow you to access your account, for a period of time strictly necessary for these purposes. This data is intended for ATEMPO’s services and/or the service providers it uses to manage the Partner Portal and ensure its security.
Use of Cookies by the Site
Deposit of cookies on the Site
The Site deposits cookies, if necessary with your agreement. The data collected by means of these cookies, the purposes for which it is collected, the recipients of the data and retention periods, as well as a reminder of your rights, are detailed in our Site Cookies Policy
The data you enter is necessary for the management and execution of your request(s), and correspond to ATEMPO’s legitimate interest in providing its services, as well as your legitimate interest in being informed about ATEMPO’s activity in order to be able, if necessary, to benefit from the products and services ATEMPO provides.
Exceptionally, this personal data may be transferred outside the EU, to the United States, to ATEMPO’s HUBSPOT and SALESFORCE providers, in order to improve the management of the Site. These transfers are subject to appropriate guarantees since HUBSPOT and SALESFORCES have subscribed to the “Privacy Shield”, a self-certification mechanism recognised by the European Commission (see https://legal.hubspot.com/fr/privacy-policy and https://compliance.salesforce.com/en/privacy-shield).
Unless otherwise stated in this Personal Data Policy, the data collected on the Website is exclusively intended for ATEMPO, and/or the subcontractors that may be called upon to manage the Website.
- Retention period
The data of Site visitors, customers or prospects of ATEMPO is kept for the time necessary to manage the commercial relationship and to process their request(s), according to the purposes pursued. Customer data used for marketing purposes may be kept for a period of three years after the end of the commercial relationship. The data of visitors to the Site, prospects who are not ATEMPO customers, is kept for the time necessary for the management of the commercial relationship, and for a period of three years from its collection or from the last contact from the prospect, unless a longer period is agreed.
All data that allows proof of a right or contract to be established, or that is kept in order to comply with a legal and/or regulatory obligation, may be the subject of an archiving policy, and may be kept for these purposes in accordance with the legal and/or regulatory provisions in force.
- Your rights
In accordance with amended Law No. 78-17 of January 6, 1978 and the GDPR, you have the right to access, rectify or erase personal data concerning you, and if necessary, a right to the portability of your data. You can request the limitation or oppose the processing of your data or, if necessary, withdraw your consent. You can also define directives on the fate of your data after your death, pursuant to Article 32 6° of amended Law No. 78-17 of January 6, 1978.
To exercise these rights, you may contact ATEMPO either by accessing your account available from the Support Portal or the Partner Portal, or by writing to ATEMPO at the following email address: info@atempo.com or at the following postal address: Atempo, 23 Avenue Carnot, 91300 Massy.
In accordance with the law, you have the legal right to submit any complaint to a supervisory authority: https://www.cnil.fr/
Le site Atempo ne fonctionnera probablement pas très bien dans ce navigateur. Nous ne prenons généralement en charge que les versions récentes des principaux navigateurs tels que Chrome, Firefox, Safari et Edge et nous vous conseillons donc d'utiliser un de ces navigateurs.
Cookies and other technologies
Atempo collects and uses your personal data very sparingly. By clicking on "Accept", you accept the use of Atempo and third party cookies as well as other similar technologies to improve your browsing experience, analyze and measure your engagement with our content. Find out more about our cookie policy. You can also modify or remove your cookie-related consent at any time by using the cookie settings icon located at the bottom right of your screen.
As a side note, you can also manage your contact preferences to partially or totally unsubscribe from our communications.
Accept
Cookie Settings
Cookie Box Settings
Cookie Box Settings
Configuration personnelle
Décidez quels cookies vous souhaitez autoriser ou non.Vous pouvez modifier ces paramètres à tout moment. Cependant, cela peut avoir pour conséquence que certaines fonctionnalités ne seront plus disponibles. Pour plus d'informations sur la suppression des cookies, veuillez consulter la fonction d'aide de votre navigateur.
En savoir plus sur les cookies que nous utilisons et notre politique de cookies.
Avec le curseur, vous pouvez activer ou désactiver différents types de cookies:
Block all
Essentials
Functionality
Analytics
Advertising
This website will
Essential: Remember your cookie permission settingEssential: Allow session cookiesEssential: Gather information you input into a contact forms newsletter and other forms across all pagesEssential: Keep track of what you input in a shopping cartEssential: Authenticate that you are logged into your user accountEssential: Remember language version you selected
This website won't
Remember your login detailsFunctionality: Remember social media settingsFunctionality: Remember selected region and countryAnalytics: Keep track of your visited pages and interaction takenAnalytics: Keep track about your location and region based on your IP numberAnalytics: Keep track of the time spent on each pageAnalytics: Increase the data quality of the statistics functionsAdvertising: Tailor information and advertising to your interests based on e.g. the content you have visited before. (Currently we do not use targeting or targeting cookies)Advertising: Gather personally identifiable information such as name and location
This website will
Essential: Remember your cookie permission settingEssential: Allow session cookiesEssential: Gather information you input into a contact forms newsletter and other forms across all pagesEssential: Keep track of what you input in a shopping cartEssential: Authenticate that you are logged into your user accountEssential: Remember language version you selectedFunctionality: Remember social media settingsFunctionality: Remember selected region and country
This website won't
Analytics: Keep track of your visited pages and interaction takenAnalytics: Keep track about your location and region based on your IP numberAnalytics: Keep track of the time spent on each pageAnalytics: Increase the data quality of the statistics functionsAdvertising: Tailor information and advertising to your interests based on e.g. the content you have visited before. (Currently we do not use targeting or targeting cookies)Advertising: Gather personally identifiable information such as name and location
This website will
Essential: Remember your cookie permission settingEssential: Allow session cookiesEssential: Gather information you input into a contact forms newsletter and other forms across all pagesEssential: Keep track of what you input in a shopping cartEssential: Authenticate that you are logged into your user accountEssential: Remember language version you selectedFunctionality: Remember social media settingsFunctionality: Remember selected region and countryAnalytics: Keep track of your visited pages and interaction takenAnalytics: Keep track about your location and region based on your IP numberAnalytics: Keep track of the time spent on each pageAnalytics: Increase the data quality of the statistics functions
This website won't
Advertising: Tailor information and advertising to your interests based on e.g. the content you have visited before. (Currently we do not use targeting or targeting cookies)Advertising: Gather personally identifiable information such as name and location
This website will
Functionality: Remember social media settingsFunctionality: Remember selected region and countryAnalytics: Keep track of your visited pages and interaction takenAnalytics: Keep track about your location and region based on your IP numberAnalytics: Keep track of the time spent on each pageAnalytics: Increase the data quality of the statistics functionsAdvertising: Tailor information and advertising to your interests based on e.g. the content you have visited before. (Currently we do not use targeting or targeting cookies)Advertising: Gather personally identifiable information such as name and location
This website won't
Remember your login details
Save & Close