http://www.attenda.net/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Data Protection and Privacy
You are hereHome > Data Protection and Privacy
Data Protection
Ensono is committed to conducting its business in accordance with all applicable data protection laws and regulations, and in line with the highest standards of ethical conduct. Our commitment includes upholding individual rights to privacy in all jurisdictions where we do business, by protecting personal data we process in the course of administering our business and providing services to clients.
We have implemented certain measures to safeguard personal data and uphold privacy rights. These include an updated data protection and privacy policy, internal processes for accountability, fulfilling data subjects’ requests, enhanced technical controls and stronger oversight of third-parties.
For a copy of our updated Data Protection and Privacy Policy, please click this link: Ensono Global Data Protection and Privacy Policy
EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Statement
Ensono complies with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Union to the United States. Ensono has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Statement and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification, please visit www.privacyshield.gov
You can view our Privacy Shield policy by clicking on the following link: Ensono’s Privacy Shield Policy. Should you have any questions, please contact privacy@ensono.com
Information Collection and Use
Our websites allow you to request information from Ensono, as well as subscribe to our blog. To support these activities, Ensono may ask for information about you and the company for which you work. The information you provide will be used to support your relationship with Ensono. Your provision of your personal data is completely voluntary.
Your information may be used to inform you of service updates, new services and other related information from Ensono. It may also be used to aggregate data such that Ensono can track the number of visitors to the site and other demographic or company source information to help deliver and improve our website accessibility and services.
Ensono reserves the right to disclose the information provided as required by law, and when Ensono believes disclosure is necessary to protect the company’s rights or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order or legal process served on Ensono’s website.
Children’s Personal Information:  Our website and services are not intended for children. If you’re under 16, you may use our service offerings only with the involvement of a parent or guardian.
How We Protect Personal Data:  We maintain a wide variety of compliance programs that validate our security controls such as ISO 27001, PCI DSS, SOC 1 and SOC 2 Type II Audits for Ensono data centers.
Technologies
Ensono uses technologies to help us understand which parts of our websites are visited most often, understand traffic patterns on pages and enable our information security management.
Cookies
Our websites use cookies to tailor web content to match your browser capability. You can set your Internet browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether or not to accept it. If you reject the cookie, you may still use this site, but you may be limited in the functionality of some areas.
Log Files
Ensono uses IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track users’ activities and gather information for aggregate use in improving our websites, services and for managing the security of our public-facing websites.
Notification of Changes
Changes to Ensono’s data protection policy will include an updated effective date.
Effective Date: January 2018