http://www.stardotstar.com/privacy-policy
0
Privacy PolicyThis privacy policy, served by Stardotstar on behalf of CTI Holdings, governs and protects the privacy of online users on the following properties and associated domain extensions:www.stardotstar.comwww.ctidigital.co.uk www.superchargedcommerce.co.ukwww.ctiholdings.co.ukThis policy sets out the different areas where user privacy is concerned and outlines the obligations & requirements of the users, the website, and website owners. The way CTI Digital processes, stores and protects user data and information will also be detailed within this policy. The websites in question, www.stardotstar.com, www.ctidigital.co.uk, www.superchargedcommerce.co.uk, and www.ctiholdings.co.uk are owned by CTI Digital. The owners, CTI Digital, take a proactive approach to user privacy and ensure the necessary steps are taken to protect the privacy of their users. These websites comply with all UK national laws and requirements for user privacy including GDPR and the UK Data Protection act. Last Updated: 4th February 2020 There is a lot of information on this page, please use the list below to navigate to areas of interest. From here on, we will refer to Stardotstar as 'we' or 'us'.Quick SummaryHow is my information collected?What information is collected? (Cookies and identifiable data)How can I stop you from collecting my data?Why is it collected and how is it used?How to request/delete your dataOther information to be aware of to keep you secureContact usQuick SummaryWe (Stardotstar) as a data controller, collect multiple data types from users who visit www.stardotstar.com, www.ctidigital.com, www.superchargedcommerce.co.uk or www.ctiholdings.co.uk via a number of sources: some information is provided manually, like your email address when you sign up to our newsletter, and some is collected automatically, like which pages you visit on the website. We collect this information, primarily for marketing activities and to improve the user experience of our websites.We only collect this information once you click to accept our Privacy Policy, which drops down at the top of the screen, or when you manually provide us with personal information. We keep your data securely within our system and never share it with 3rd parties without your explicit permission. You can request to see what information we have about you, and amend or delete anything you wish, whenever you require. Please contact data@ctidigital.com with any requests or questions.How is the information collected?FormsThere are a number of forms on our websites. Whenever you complete a form we save your information in our database. Here is a list of all areas where we collect information from you:Newsletter subscription formsBlog email alert formsProject contact formsJob application contact formsGeneral contact formsResources download formsIn person, at events via a landing page or ipadCookiesOur websites all use cookies. You were informed of this when first visiting the site, via a drop down which requests your consent. By using any of our websites and agreeing to our policy, you consent to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of our Cookies Policy. We use cookies in the following ways:—  to track how you use our website— to record whether you have seen specific messages we display on our website—  to record your answers to surveys and questionnaires on our site while you complete themYou can read our full Cookies Policy here. What information is collected?Cookies on our websitesWe explained that cookies collect your data, but what do they collect? Please find a breakdown of what each cookie collects, and how long it stores this information for, our Cookies Policy.  How our websites use cookiesCookies do not contain any information that personally identifies you other than your IP address. However, personal information that we store about you may be linked, by us, to the information stored in and obtained from cookies.We may use the information we obtain from your use of our cookies for the following purposes:To enable the correct localisation of our website.To improve the website’s usabilityTo analyse the use of our website.Third party cookiesWhen you browse any of our websites you may also be sent third-party cookies. Our marketing and hosting providers may send you cookies and process the information they obtain from your use of their cookies.In addition, we use Google Analytics to analyse the use of our websites. Google Analytics generates statistical information about each of our websites by means of cookies, which are stored on a user’s computer. The information that is collected by these cookies is used to generate reports and allows us to assess the usability of our websites. More information can be found here.Identifiable DataWe collect some identifiable data from you when you complete a form. Here is a list of the data you may provide at different stages, on any of our websites.Email AddressFirst and Last NameJob TitleCompanyEmail PreferencesYour interestsPhone numberYour location/address How can I stop you from collecting my data?The first step is to decline our Privacy Policy. If you do so, HubSpot won’t collect any information about your visit to that specific website. Secondly, you can choose not to complete any forms on our websites. You can get in touch instead by calling us directly on 0161 236 9740. However, third parties, like Google, may still be able to collect your data. You can block all cookies by following the information below.Blocking cookiesIt is possible to block cookies, however the usability of our website may be restricted if you refuse to accept cookies. You can refuse to accept cookies in each browser:Internet Explorer – click on the tools button, click on Internet Options, click on the ‘privacy’ tab and move the slider to block all cookies.Firefox – right click within the page and select ‘view page info’, click on permissions panels, under ‘set cookies’, untick use default and click the ‘block’ option.Google Chrome - click on the spanner icon on the browser’s toolbar, select settings, and click ‘show advanced settings’. In the ‘privacy’ section click the ‘content settings’ button and in the cookies section click on ‘block cookies by default’ select "Block sites from setting any data" You'll see in the address bar whenever a cookie has been blocked. To block only third-party cookies: Select the "Ignore exceptions and block third-party cookies from being set" checkbox. Even if you've added a site to the Exceptions list and have chosen to allow its cookies, the site's third-party cookies won't be accepted if this checkbox is selected.For information regarding less common browsers, click here Deleting cookiesYou can delete cookies, but doing this may have a negative impact on the usability of our website.Internet Explorer – click on the ‘tools’ button, click on ‘safety’, then click ‘delete browsing history’; select the ‘cookies’ check box and then click ‘delete’.Firefox – click on the Firefox button, select ‘tools’ and then click ‘options’. Select the ‘privacy’ panel. Under ‘history’ select ‘use custom settings for history’, click ‘show cookies’ and the cookies window will open. In the search field type the name of the site whose cookies you want to remove or select all the cookies in the list and click ‘remove cookie’.Google Chrome - click on the spanner icon on the browser’s toolbar, select ‘settings’, and click ‘show advanced settings’. In the ‘privacy’ section, click the ‘content settings’ button and in the ‘cookies’ section, click ‘all cookies and site data’ to open the cookies and other data dialogue. To delete all cookies, click ‘remove all’ at the bottom of the dialogue. To remove a specific cookie, select the site that issued the cookie and click ‘remove’.Why is my information collected and how is it used?Contact & CommunicationPersonally identifiable contact information is collected so that we can contact you. Here is a list of situations when we may contact you:In response to a project enquiryIn response to a job applicationAfter opting in, and repeatedly visiting our website, to find out if we can help youAfter opting in, or entering an agreement (for example a contract or partnership) our monthly newsletter may be sent to you via emailAfter opting in, or entering an agreement (for example a contract or partnership) information out events or special announcements may be sent to you via emailMarketing information Personally identifiable contact information is collected so that we can learn more about what you like. Here is a list of situations in which we may use your information for marketing reasons:For remarketing adverts on the internet or social media.After opting in, and repeatedly visiting our website to find out if we can help you.After opting in, or entering an agreement (for example a contract or partnership) our monthly newsletter may be sent to you via email.After opting in, or entering an agreement (for example a contract or partnership) information out events or special announcements may be sent to you via email.Improving our websitesAs a digital agency, it is in our nature to always strive to improve our online experience. Analytics information we collect, such as dwell time, pages visited and clicks, are all recorded to allow our marketing team to identify which areas are confusing or aren’t useful to visitors. We then use this information to improve the user experience of the relevant website.We will securely store your information for as long as necessary to support the completion of a contract/ transaction or until such a time that you request to withdraw your data from our systems. We will only contact you where necessary, in line with your specific consent, under the necessity of a contract and/or in instances where we believe you will be legitimately interested in an offer of mutual benefit to you and us. How to request or delete your personally identifiable informationUnder GDPR, all companies are required to provide any data they hold about an individual within one month of the request. To request copies of the data we hold about you, please contact data@ctidigital.com via email. We will gladly amend or erase any or all of the information you request within 30 days (provided the data is not required as part of legal proceedings or in the vital public interest). Again, please contact data@ctidigital.com to have this request completed. You can also see and update your contact preferences online here.Other information to be aware of to keep you secureContact & CommunicationUsers contacting any of the outlined websites' owners do so at their own discretion and provide any such personal details requested at their own risk. Your personal information is kept private and stored securely until a time when it is no longer required or has no use, as detailed by GDPR. Every effort has been made to ensure safe and secure submission and processing of your data, but we advise users that online forms are completed at the users’ own risk.We use any data submitted to provide you with further information about the products / services we offer, or to assist you in answering any questions or queries you may have submitted, or whereby you the consumer have previously purchased from or enquired about purchasing a product or service.Email NewsletterThe websites referenced each operate an email newsletter program, used to inform subscribers about products and services supplied by the company. Users can subscribe through an online automated process, should they wish to do so, but do so at their own discretion. Some subscriptions may be manually processed through prior written agreement with the user.Subscriptions are taken in compliance with UK Spam Laws, detailed in the Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations 2003. All personal details relating to subscriptions are held securely and in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998 and subsequent GDPR. No personal details are passed on to third parties nor shared with companies/people outside of the company that operates the websites in question. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please email data@ctidigital.com.Email marketing campaigns published by any of the referenced websites or website owners may contain tracking facilities within the actual email. Subscriber activity is tracked and stored in a database for future analysis and evaluation. Such tracked activity may include; the opening of emails, forwarding of emails, the clicking of links within the email content, times, dates and frequency of activity [this is by no far a comprehensive list]. This information is used to refine future email campaigns and supply the user with more relevant content based around their activity.In compliance with GDPR, UK Spam Laws and the Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations 2003, subscribers are given the opportunity to unsubscribe at any time through an automated system. This process is detailed at the footer of each email campaign. If an automated un-subscription system is unavailable, clear instructions on how to unsubscribe will by detailed instead. External LinksAlthough the websites in question only look to include quality, safe and relevant external links, users are advised to adopt a policy of caution before clicking any external web links mentioned throughout any website. (External links are clickable text / banner / image links to other websites, similar to; www.websitename.co.uk.)The owners of the websites in question cannot guarantee or verify the contents of any externally linked website, despite their best efforts. Users should note that they click on external links at their own risk. The websites covered by this policy, and the website owners, cannot be held liable for any damages or implications caused by visiting any external links mentioned. Social Media PlatformsCommunication, engagement and actions taken through external social media platforms that we participate on are custom to the terms and conditions, as well as the privacy policies, held with each social media platform respectively.Users are advised to use social media platforms wisely and to communicate / engage upon them with due care and caution, in regard to their own privacy and personal details. We will never ask for personal or sensitive information through social media platforms and encourage users wishing to discuss sensitive details to contact us through primary communication channels, such as by telephone or email.www.stardotstar.com, www.ctidigital.com, www.superchargedcommerce.co.uk and www.ctiholdings.co.uk may use social sharing buttons which help share web content directly from web pages to the social media platform in question. Users are advised before using such social sharing buttons that they do so at their own discretion and note that the social media platform may track and save your request to share a web page respectively through your social media platform account.Shortened Links in Social Mediawww.stardotstar.com, www.ctidigital.com, www.superchargedcommerce.co.uk and www.ctiholdings.co.uk and their owners through their social media platform accounts may share web links to relevant web pages. By default some social media platforms shorten lengthy urls [web addresses] (this is an example: http://bit.ly/zyVUBo).Users are advised to take caution and good judgement before clicking any shortened urls published on social media platforms by the websites in question and their owners. Despite the best efforts to ensure only genuine urls are published many social media platforms are prone to spam and hacking and therefore we cannot be held liable for any damages or implications caused by visiting any shortened links.Contact Uswww.stardotstar.com, www.ctidigital.co.uk , www.superchargedcommerce.co.uk, and www.ctiholdings.co.uk are owned and operated by CTI Digital. Registered in England No. 4884651 If you have any questions about our cookies or your private data, please contact us by email data@stardotstar.com or by telephone 0161 236 9740.