http://www.cvretail.com/privacy-statement-and-cookies
At a glance
Markets
Our Partners
Pricing
Help
Contact us
Deutsch
Über CounterBooks
Leistungen
Technologie
Lösungen
Lizenz für Steuerberater
Referenzen
Unsere Partner
Die Geschichte von Counterbooks
Release Notes
Kontakt
Impressum und Haftungsausschluss
Datenschutz Bestimmungen und Cookies
Login
Join Demo
LOGIN
Privacy statement and Cookie use
Introduction
CounterBooks Limited is committed to protecting our customer privacy and takes its responsibility regarding the security of customer information very seriously. We will be clear and transparent about the information we are collecting and what we will do with that information.
This Policy sets out the following:
1. What personal data we collect and process about you in connection
with your relationship with us as a customer and through your use of our website and online services
2. Where we obtain the data from
3. What we do with that data
4. How we store the data
5. Who we transfer/disclose that data to
6. How we deal with your data protection rights
7. And how we comply with the data protection rules.
All personal data is collected and processed in accordance with UK and EU data protection laws.
Data Controller
“CounterBooks Limited” (referred to as “we”, “us”, “our” or “CounterBooks Limited” in this policy) is the “data controller” of all personal information that is collected and used about CounterBooks Limited customers for the purposes of processing enquiries and providing support.
What Data Do We Collect
Personal data means any information relating to you which allows us to identify you, such as your name, contact details and information about your access to our website.
We may collect personal data from you when you make an enquiry or use our website.
Specifically, we may collect the following categories of information:
a.
Name, postal address, e-mail address, telephone number.
b.
Information about your use of our website.
c.
The communications you exchange with us or direct to us via letters, emails, telephone calls, and social media.
What do we use your personal data for, why, and for how long?
Your data may be used for the following purposes:
a.
Processing enquiries about the CounterBooks system.
b.Payment information: we use your payment information for accounting, billing and audit purposes. Bank account details are only held for CounterBooks users paying by direct debit.
c.
Administrative or legal purposes: we use your data for statistical and marketing analysis, systems testing, maintenance and development, or to provide support for reported issues regarding CounterBooks.
d.
Crime prevention/detection:
we may pass your information to government authorities or enforcement bodies for compliance with legal requirements;
We will not retain your data for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purpose it is being processed for. To determine the appropriate retention period, we consider the amount, nature and sensitivity of the personal data, the purposes for which we process it and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means.
When we no longer need your personal data, we will securely delete or destroy it.
Security of your data
We follow strict security procedures in the storage and disclosure of your personal data, and to protect it against accidental loss, destruction or damage. The data you provide to us is protected using industry-standard SSL (Secure Socket Layer) technology whenever it is transferred across the internet. Data stored on our networks is encrypted wherever technically and practicably feasible and is securely backed up to multiple locations.
We will never share your personal or business data with any third parties without your explicit consent.
International data transfer
CounterBooks Limited stores all data on servers and data centres located within the UK and EU.
Sharing your personal data
We may also share your personal data with the following third parties for the purpose described in this Privacy Policy:
a.
Government authorities, law enforcement bodies, regulators for compliance with legal requirements;
b.
Legal and other professional advisers, law courts and law enforcement bodies in all countries we operate in to enforce our legal rights in relation to our contract with you;
c.
Third parties you have contractually agreed to share your data with. For example, the franchisor in a franchise agreement.
d.
Third parties you specifically instruct us to share your data with.
Cookies and Site Tracking
We use tracking software to monitor customer traffic patterns and site usage to help us develop the design and layout of the websites. This software uses cookies but does not enable us to capture any personal information.
Data Protection Officer
We have appointed a Data Protection Officer (“DPO”) to oversee compliance with this policy.
If you want to exercise any of these rights please contact our DPO by post at Data Protection Officer, CounterBooks Limited, Chancery House, 53-64 Chancery Lane, London, WC2A 1QS, United Kingdom. Alternatively, please send an email to dpo@counterbooks.com or use our direct contact form.
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal information (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request for access is clearly unfounded or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with the request in such circumstances. If we refuse your request you have the right to complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ico.org.uk).
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access the information (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is another appropriate security measure to ensure that personal information is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it.
Your Data Protection Rights
Under certain circumstances, by law you have the right to:
Request information
about whether we hold personal information about you, and, if so, what that information is and why we are holding/using it.
Request access
to your personal information (commonly known as a "data subject access request"). This enables you to receive a copy of the personal information we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it (see here for more details).
Request correction
of the personal information that we hold about you. This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate information we hold about you corrected.
Request erasure
of your personal information. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal information where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal information where you have exercised your right to object to processing (see here for more details).
Object to processing
of your personal information where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground.
Request the restriction of processing
of your personal information. This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of personal information about you, for example if you want us to establish its accuracy or the reason for processing it.
Request transfer
of your personal information in an electronic and structured form to you or to another party (commonly known as a right to “data portability”). This enables you to take your data from us in an electronically useable format and to be able to transfer your data to another party in an electronically useable format.
Withdraw consent
If you have provided your consent to the collection, processing and transfer of your personal information for a specific purpose, you have the right to withdraw your consent for that specific processing at any time. Once we have received notification that you have withdrawn your consent, we will no longer process your information for the purpose or purposes you originally agreed to, unless we have another legitimate basis for doing so in law.
If you want to exercise any of these rights please contact our DPO by post at Data Protection Officer, CounterBooks Limited, Chancery House, 53-64 Chancery Lane, London, WC2A 1QS, United Kingdom. Alternatively, please send an email to dpo@counterbooks.com or use our direct contact form.
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal information (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request for access is clearly unfounded or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with the request in such circumstances. If we refuse your request you have the right to complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ico.org.uk).
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access the information (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is another appropriate security measure to ensure that personal information is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it.
Changes in Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time and any changes to the statement will be communicated to you by way of a notice on our website.
Cookie Use
Cookies are used on the CounterBooks website for the following purposes:
Google Analytics tracking; some of our pages use Google Analytics for tracking and reporting of site performance. This is to allow us to see user navigation trends and improve the design of the website. You can opt out of these here
If you continue to use the site, we'll assume you're happy to accept these cookies.
Cookie Details:
Name_utma,_utmb,_utmc,_utmzTitleAnalytics CookieInitiatorGooglePurposeUsed for tracking and reporting of site performance and user navigation