https://www.flosuite.com/privacy-policy/
Sign in
Contact us
Book a demo
Home
FloSuite apps
Overview
Case management
Workflow and task management
Billing management
Revenue forecasting
Regulatory investigations
Client matter inception
Prevention and protection
Employee self-service
IT helpdesk
Technology and Support
Overview
Technology and processes
Tech framework
Deployment and support
Cloud and SaaS
Integrations
News and events
News and events
News
Events
Client Success
Privacy policy
Our Privacy Policy
This website is authored by Infographics UK Ltd. and complies with the Data Protection Act 1998 and subsequent GDPR. Your use of this website constitutes your acceptance of this Privacy Policy (which does NOT cover, nor are we responsible for, links to other websites).
1. Infographics UK Ltd. may collect information about you for the purposes of Direct Marketing. Our lawful basis under GDPR Article 6 for processing of such data is (f) ‘legitimate interests’, and related activities are done in a targeted, proportionate and appropriate manner.
2. As part of our recruitment process, Infographics may seek employment and/or character references and background checks prior to a confirmed offer of employment. We also retain and manage personal data pertaining to staff HR and financial records. Our lawful basis for processing this information is by separate condition, in compliance with Article 10, and your written permission will be sought by way of (a) ‘consent’ in advance of doing so and/or (b) ‘contract’, in that you are entering into a contract of employment with us.
In compliance with the principles of Article 5 and 24, the purpose of conducting background/reference checks, and recording associated data, is to manage the risk directly related to staff exposure to confidential/sensitive personal and client data by ensuring – as far as applicable under current law – that our staff are trustworthy, competent individuals, prior to commencing (or continuing) employment with us.
3. Infographics may disclose your personal information as required by law.
4. Infographics uses industry procedures to keep personal data as safe and secure as possible and to protect against loss, unauthorised disclosure or access.
5. Infographics may hold your personal information for the purposes stated above and for as long as is necessary for these purposes.
6. We may edit this policy from time to time. Should Infographics make any substantial changes to the Privacy Policy we will notify you by posting a prominent announcement on our www.infographics.co.uk website.
7. You can request a copy of the details that we hold about you by emailing us at info@infographics.co.uk (FAO: The Data Processor, with subject line ‘Personal Data Request under GDPR’).
8. You can opt out of future marketing, communications or specific contact preferences, by emailing info@infographics.co.uk.
9. If you are not satisfied with the way we gather and manage your personal information, you have the right to complain to the national data protection authority, which in the UK is the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO).
About Cookies
Cookie information
Cookies are very small files that are stored on your computer when you visit most websites. They are sent back and forth between the website’s server and your Internet browser to allow the website to remember actions you’ve made.
How we use cookies
We use cookies and other local storage means to help improve the performance of this website by measuring web traffic and tracking user journeys. We also use a security cookie to identify our website’s developers. Most of these only contain randomly generated numbers, and cookies cannot carry viruses or install malware on your computer.
Cookies set by this website
Cookies
Purpose
Expiry
_utma; _utmb; _utmc; _utmz
Google Analytics
These cookies collect information about how our visitors use this site. This data is collected anonymously, and is used to help improve this website’s functionality. For more information, see Google Analytics page on safeguarding your data.
2 years; 30 minutes; when you quit your browser; 6 months (respectively)
Managing cookies
Most Internet browsers allow users to control the acceptance of cookies via the browser’s settings. Visit allaboutcookies.org to find out how to configure these settings on a number of major browsers.
You can opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites by installing Google’s opt-out browser add-on.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkPrivacy policy