https://www.softrax.com/about/privacy
Sales: 972-715-4028  Support: 972-715-4040
HOME
SOLUTIONS
Complex Billing
Revenue Recognition
Renewal Management
Order Management
PRODUCTS
Softrax Revenue Manager
Softrax Enterprise
Softrax Contrax
Softrax Inform
Softrax PSA
Softrax Operations
CUSTOMERS
Case Studies
Testimonials
COMPANY
Leadership Team
Why Softrax
Partners
Careers
News & Events
Contact Us
RESOURCES
Blog
Data Sheets
Webinars
Product Demo
Privacy Statement
Site Navigation
Leadership
Why Softrax
Careers
News
Events
Discover Softrax
Euismod atras vulputate iltricies etri elit. Class aptent taciti sociosqu ad litora torquent per conubia nostra, per inceptos himenaeos.
John Smith
- CEO & Founder - Okler
Duis fermentum diam ut nisi porttitor mattis. Aliquam consequat, arcu sed porttitor molestie, sapien justo tristique enim.
Smith Adam
- CEO - Okler
Fusce iaculis augue cursus, tempus urna non, facilisis dolor.
John Deo
- Founder - Okler
SOFTRAX Privacy Statement
SOFTRAX values your privacy and your trust is important to us. This statement discloses the user information policy for the SOFTRAX Web sites, including what type of information is gathered and tracked, how the information is used, and with whom the information is shared.
In general, you can visit SOFTRAX on the Web without telling us who you are and without revealing any information about yourself. There are times, however, when you may elect to provide us with personal information so that we can deliver a product or service to you. This policy statement will let you know how we will use such information Please note that you may, at any time, elect not to receive further information from us by following the opt-out procedure set forth below.
What Information Do We Collect and Why?
IP Addresses
We may use your IP address (not your e-mail address) to help diagnose problems with our server, to administer our Web Site, or to gather broad demographic information.
Cookies
We may use cookies to enhance the user experience and deliver personalized content. A cookie is a small data file that a Web site transfers to a user's hard drive when a user visits the Web site. The only personal information that a cookie can contain is that which a user supplies. Cookies help us to deliver information specific to your interests or to save you having to re-enter your password each time you visit our site. Cookies also allow us to better analyze our site traffic patterns so that we can bolster our Web offering. Cookies also allow us to reach people who have previously visited our website by using third-party vendors, including Google, to show you ads on sites across the internet. Third-party vendors, including Google, use cookies and/or device identifiers to serve ads based on someone's past visits to our website. You can opt out of Google's use of cookies or device identifiers by visiting Google's Ad Settings.
E-Mail Addresses
If you give us your e-mail address, we will communicate with you via e-mail. However, we do not share your e-mail address with others. If you give us your e-mail address while registering for an event which is jointly conducted by SOFTRAX and a partner, we may share the registration information including the e-mail address with the partner. You can choose not to receive e-mails from us at any time — for more details, check out the Choice/Opt-Out section below.
Online Surveys
From time to time, we may conduct online surveys to better understand and serve our user base. Our surveys may ask you for demographic information, such as ZIP code or your industry sector. If the online survey collects contact data, we may use that data to send you additional information. You are free to opt-out of receiving future mailings at any time — for more details, check out the Choice/Opt-Out section below.
Contests and Sweepstakes
SOFTRAX may request personal information in connection with a contest or sweepstakes. This information may be used to verify the entrant's identity, to develop demographic and user preference profiles, and to contact participants. The information may also be provided to third party sponsors or administrators of the program.
Demographic and User Profile Data
We may use demographic or user profile data we collect to tailor your Web experience, showcase content that we think may interest you, and display information that matches your preferences. This data also gives us an insight into your needs and interests.
Links to Other Sites
This site contains links to other sites. SOFTRAX is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of other Web sites. Please refer to the policies of the respective site.
Marketing Opt-Out
You can opt-out of receiving additional communications from us now or when you are registering to receive a product or service.
Removal from SOFTRAX E-Mail ListsIf you no longer wish to receive other information or promotional e-mails from SOFTRAX, please send an e-mail to info@softrax.com.
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, feel free to contact:
WebmasterSOFTRAX45 Shawmut RoadCanton, MA 02021USA
Or e-mail: info@softrax.com
Your Consent and Our Revisions
By using this website, you consent to the collection and use of the information as described here. If we decide to make changes to this privacy policy, we will post the changes on this page so that you always know what information we collect, how we use it, and when and how we disclose it.
Get A Free Quote / Need a Help ? Call To Action
CONTACT SOFTRAX
SOFTRAX250 Royall StreetCanton, MA 02021
Sales:972-715-4028
sales@softrax.com
Support: 972-715-4040
support@softrax.com
COMPANY
Leadership Team
Careers
Partners
Customers
News
RESOURCES
Blog
Data Sheets
Webinars
Product Demo
Products
Revenue Recognition
Revenue Management & Billing
SUBSCRIBE TO NEWSLETTER
Copyright © 2018 Softrax. All rights reserved.Various trademarks registered by respective owners.
Sitemap
Privacy