http://www.soeltan.com/en/legal_en.html
Wedding Invitations
• Birth Announcements •
Bargains
Christmas cards •
Contact
Us
Home
Wedding Invitations
Western
Indian
Birth Announcements
Western
Indian
Christmas cards
Bargains
Other
Contact Us / Info
Soeltan Printing Service
Jan Porcellisstraat 17
3021 TN Rotterdam
The Netherlands
Tel.: +31 (0)10 476 12 08
Soeltan Cards
Nwe Binnenweg 438-b
3023 EX Rotterdam
Tel.: +31 (0)10 425 93 55
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE CAREFULLY
BEFORE USING THIS SITE.
By using this site, you signify your
assent to these terms of use. If you do not agree to these
terms of use, please do not use the site. We reserve the right,
at our discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions
of these terms at any time. Please check these terms periodically
for changes. Your continued use of Soeltan.com and any sites
owned and operated by Soeltan Cards following
the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept
those changes.
Restrictions on use of materials
This site is owned and operated by Soeltan Cards (referred to as Soeltan.com," "we," "us,"
or "our" herein). No material from us or any web
site owned, operated, licensed, or controlled by Soeltan Cards may be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded,
posted, transmitted, or distributed in any way, except that
you may download one copy of the materials on any single computer
for your personal, non-commercial home use only, provided
you keep intact all copyright and other proprietary notices.
Modification of the materials or use of the materials for
any other purpose is a violation of our copyright and other
proprietary rights. For purposes of these terms, the use of
any such material on any other web site or networked computer
environment is prohibited. All trademarks, service marks,
and trade names are proprietary to Soeltan Cards.
Copyrights, Other Rights
You should assume everything on Soeltan.com copyrighted unless
otherwise noted and may not be used except as provided in
the rules or with the express written consent of us or any
third party we deem necessary. We neither warrants or represents
that your use of the material displayed on Soeltan.com will
not infringe rights of third parties. Any product, service,
program, or technology described on this site may be the subject
of other intellectual property rights (including but not limited
to copyright, trademark, or patent rights) owned by us. Any
such right that is not expressly licensed herein is reserved
by us.
Images of people or places displayed
on this site are either the property of, or used with permission
by, Soeltan Cards. Use of these images by you
or other third parties is prohibited unless expressly permitted
in the rules or elsewhere on this site. Any unauthorised use
of these images may violate copyright laws, trademark laws,
the laws of privacy and publicity, and other applicable regulations
and statutes.
Any product, service, program or technology described in any
document published by us on this site may be the subject of
other intellectual property rights owned by Soeltan Cards. Any such right that is not expressly licensed
hereunder is reserved by us.
No unlawful or prohibited use
As a condition of your use of this web site, you warrant to
Soeltan Cards that you will not use this web site
for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these terms,
conditions, and notices.
Privacy
We consider the following to be Personally Identifying Information:
your name, address, phone number, date of birth, job, personal
interests, credit card information, and if linked with your
other Personally Identifying Information, your e-mail address,
shopping selections and data about the pages you visited on
this web site. Personally Identifying Information is used
to process your online purchases, to inform you about other
products and services, to improve the products and services
we offer, and otherwise to better meet the needs and preferences
of our customers. Personally Identifying Information is treated
confidentially within Soeltan Cards. This web
site does not share Personally Identifying Information outside
us with third parties.
Users should be reminded that any Personally Identifying Information
that is voluntarily posted by a user to a public area of this
web site (for example, a posting to a bulletin board or chat
room) may always be collected and used by others. We cannot
prevent such uses.
SPECIAL NOTICE TO PARENTS: No Personally Identifying Information
provided by a user whom we identify as a minor will be used
for further marketing and promotional purposes.
SPECIAL NOTICE TO KIDS: Ask your parent or guardian for permission
before you send any personal information over the Internet.
Our privacy policies are under frequent review. Our change
to the policies will be posted.
Disclaimer
The materials in this site are provided "as is"
and without warranties of any kind either express or implied.
To the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law,
we disclaim all warranties, express or implied, including,
but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability
and fitness for a particular purpose. We do not warrant that
the functions contained in the materials will be uninterrupted
or error-free, that defects will be corrected, or that this
site or the server that makes it available are free of viruses
or other harmful components. We do not warrant or make any
representations regarding the use or the results of the use
of the materials in this site in terms of their correctness,
accuracy, reliability, or otherwise. You (and not Soeltan
Cards) assume the entire cost of all necessary
servicing, repair, or correction. Applicable law may not allow
the exclusion of implied warranties, so the above exclusion
may not apply to you.
Limitation of liability
Under no circumstances, including, but not limited to, negligence,
shall we be liable for any special or consequential damages
that result from the use of, or the inability to use, the
materials in this site, even if we or a Soeltan Cards authorised representative has been advised of the possibility
of such damages. Applicable law may not allow the limitation
or exclusion of liability or incidental or consequential damages,
so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you.
In no event shall we total liability to you for all damages,
losses, and causes of action (whether in contract, tort (including,
but not limited to, negligence), or otherwise) exceed the
amount paid by you, if any, for accessing this site.
Others
These terms shall be governed by and construed in accordance
with the laws of the Netherlands, without giving effect to
any principles of conflicts of law. You agree that any action
at law or in equity arising out of or relating to these terms
shall be filed only in the state or federal courts located
in Rotterdam and you hereby consent and submit to the personal
jurisdiction of such courts for the purposes of litigating
any such action. If any provision of these terms shall be
unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that
provision shall be deemed severable from these terms and shall
not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining
provisions. This is the entire agreement between us relating
to the subject matter herein and shall not be modified except
in writing, signed by both parties.
Christmas cards
Copyright
© 2020 Soeltan
Company. Designed by Soeltan
Designs. All rights reserved.