http://www.m-techlaptops.com/shoponline/pc/Is-Windows-10-violating-your-privacy-d58.htm
Home
Products
Specials
Affiliates
Support
Checkout
Financing
Contact Us
Stay Connected:
The cart is empty.
Cart contains {{shoppingcart.totalQuantity}}
Item(s) Total:
{{shoppingcart.subtotal}}
{{shoppingcart.total}}
{{shoppingcartitem.description}}
Qty. {{shoppingcartitem.quantity}}
{{productoption.name}}
View Cart {{shoppingcart.totalQuantityDisplay}}
Item(s)
Register/Login
Checkout
Contact Us
Contact Us
Browse by Category
Laptop Computers
10.1" Screen Size
7" Screen Size
8" Screen Size
11.6" Screen Size
13.3" Screen Size
14" Screen Size
15.6" Screen Size
16.1" Screen Size
17.3" Screen Size
4K LCD Laptops
New or revised
Law Enforcement, Compu...
Speech Recognition
Engineering CAD/CAM La...
Entry Level CAD/Engine...
Workstation High Perfo...
Begginer Gaming Entry...
Gaming Laptops
High Gamut IPS Laptops
Laptop computer for ph...
Industrial Manufacturi...
Home/Student Laptops
Laptops for Lawyer or...
Stock Traders Investor...
Medical Laptops
Portable Slim Lightwei...
Semi Rugged laptop com...
Touch Screen computers
Tablet PCs
Desktop Computers
Add-Ons and Accessorie...
(Optional) External Op...
Printers
AC adapters
Cooling Solutions
DC Power Adapters
Repacement Batteries
Repacement Keyboards
Streaming Media Player...
Online Backup
Printers
Browse by Price
Below $1000
From $1000 to $1500
From $1500 to $2000
Over $2000
Useful Links
Finance Options
Newlane Finance
Computer Financing Marlin
Computer Financing Ascentium
Computer Trade In
Refferal program
Computer Support
Test your RAM
Install Windows
M-Tech Warranty
Laptop Cleaning
SSD too Full?
Customer Testimonials
Reviews of M-Tech Laptops- Printed and Online
How To: Choose Laptop Model
Flexicharger
Tips and tricks
Initial Computer Setup Recommendations
Computer Tweaks
Hardware Testing Your PC
Tips for Dragon NaturallySpeaking
DNS hacks
Dragon NaturallySpeaking Cheat Sheet
Ideas, tips and options for increasing your computability
How do I make my computer better for photo editing
Firefox Browser Tweaks
How to boost your computers speed and longevity
How to redirect your Windows User library
System images for Windows 7,8 and 10
Battery Optimization
LCD Calibration
How to Repair Corrupted Windows System Files
About Us
M-Tech Products
M-Tech Laptops Business Locations
M-Tech Around the World
Affiliate Program
Why Every Shopper Should Call
Who buys M-Tech computers
i5038a Workstation
Computer Forensics -forensic laptop recommendations
Privacy Policy
M-Tech's True Laptop Customization
Laptop Purchasing 101
The Best Brand Computer For The Job
CAD/CAM Programming
DDR3 to DDR4
Drive sizes, how much is enough?
How much system RAM do I need?
Video RAM, how much do I need?
RAID
SSD vs. HDD
Display Styles- Which is best?
Drive Types, what is best for you?
Touchscreens,
Yes or NO?
CPU Answers
Laptop Quality and the quality laptop
Custom Build Your Own Laptop
Why buy a M-Tech Laptop vs. other brands
How does M-Tech help you save money?
Who Makes Best Gaming Laptops computers
Laptop Quality and the Quality Laptop: What is Happening Today in the Marketplace.
M-Tech Open Letter: M-Tech Laptops vs. Dell, vs. Alienware, vs. Toshiba (et. al.)
Technology in the news
Wireless power
Future computers
Is Windows 10 violating your privacy
Whats new in technolgy
Intel 8086K, Now on sale
Enhanced computer gaming with Nvidia 20 Series
M2 PCIe SSD
Nvidia RTX, Hollywood's Secret Weapon
FREE Online Backup
Stay In Budget
Windows 10 and your data
Windows 10 and your personal data
In this Age of the Unread Terms of Service Agreement, it’s important to, well, read the ToS. It’s too easy for our technologies to gather personal information without our realizing it. Microsoft is far from the only perpetrator, but since it just delivered us an exciting new operating system, it’s time to dig into those settings.
The Fine Print
In the privacy statement mentioned before, Microsoft goes through three ways it uses personal data: "(1) to operate our business and provide (including improving and personalizing) the services we offer, (2) to send communications, including promotional communications, and (3) to display advertising.” If you want to know more about what Microsoft is talking about, I highly encourage you to browse the privacy statement (seriously), but here’s the gist of it:
1. "To operate our business…”: Many of Microsoft’s applications require personal information in order to operate. For example, if you are using the Maps application, it will need your location to function properly. This instance makes sense, but not all applications are quite as direct with their usage of your information. Cortana also uses your location, and the only way to prevent this is to not use Cortana. Microsoft also collects data to understand why certain applications crash in order to improve them, but this also means tracking your usage of these applications. This means that if Microsoft Office crashes while you are using it, Microsoft will be able to see the Excel or Word documents that were open during the crash.
To help you better control or manage your personal information, we are providing you links to some online resources that should help you better control any potential data mining from your computer. A special thanks to one of our valued customers D. Dibner, who is a security expert. He kindly shared his research on the tip needed to lock down your online privacy.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZOYn19dllGM
https://www.youtube.com/watch?time_continue=138&v=octjhIXkcf0
http://www.redgamingtech.com/windows-10-privacy-settings-how-to-stop-it-spying-on-you-what-you-need-to-know/
start there, do msconfig and
regedit work is important
Best, Dan
Small PrintThis information is provided as a courtesy and in no way guarantees your data security. This is only an attempt to provide some guidance and neither M-Tech nor any of the providers of the information contained here offer and promises that your data is safe and unavailable and take no responsibility for any loss data or it's perceived value.
Back
×
Global Message
Quick View