http://www.ics.com/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
You are here
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Updated May 24, 2018
ICS respects your privacy and is committed to protecting it.
Personal information you provide to ICS either implicitly or explicitly will be used for internal purposes only and will not be shared with outside partners or affiliates without your consent. ICS from time to time may contact you regarding its products or services based on the personal information it collects. At that time you will be given the opportunity to remove yourself from future contacts ("opt-out").
ICS explicitly collects personal information about you when you complete an information form on our website (for example, when you provide information to sign up for a newsletter or register for a webinar or download content). Information such as your IP address, browser type, navigation pattern, cookies and referring site may be implicitly collected automatically as you use this site. We use this information in conjunction with information from other sources to enhance your experience on our website and as research for offering products and services that we think will better meet your needs. If you do not wish to have such personal information collected, ICS requests you do not complete any forms on this site that request personal information and that you refrain from browsing the site.
Users of the following applications should refer to the additional privacy disclosures below:
WeeCoder: In order to allow a user to continue a game on any device, ICS stores the user's progress against the game locally and [in the cloud] but does not share it with anyone. ICS also saves a user's picture, upon request, locally in the user's Pictures Library. The user's picture is uploaded or shared with anyone with the user's specific consent given via the Windows share charm.
My Reading Level: ICS stores the user's reading score in the cloud but does not share that information with anyone. User's language preferences are stored locally and are not shared with anyone.
Via: ICS uses the user's location for navigational purposes, specifically to place the user on a map while we help you find the places that you may want to visit in your travels. This information is not collected or shared. You can disable the locational services by revoking the permission in your device's settings.
DinoFit: ICS uses the user's location for navigational purposes, specifically to place the user on a map to set up the user's missions. This information is not collected or shared.
Pileup: ICS moves, deletes and saves the user's local media, which may include pictures and video, only upon the user's request. The user's media can be uploaded or shared with anyone only with the user's specific consent given via the Windows share charm.
Rememory: ICS caches the user's media, which may include pictures, video and drawings, on the user's device upon importing that media. The user's media may be uploaded or shared with anyone only with the user's specific consent given via the Windows share charm. The user may also upload media to a SkyDrive account only with the user's specific consent is given via the Windows share charm. ICS stores user's shared memories in Azure as shallow URL links to the user's media in the user's SkyDrive account only with the user's specific consent given via the Windows share charm. This App may also provide links to media in the user's SkyDrive. The user assumes liability all for any such linked content.
To opt-out of our mailing list, please click here.
On-Demand Webinar
QtSerialBus: Using Modbus and CAN bus with Qt - Watch now!
Customer Spotlight
Medical device manufacturer Setra Systems, Inc. turned to ICS for help bringing an innovative room environmental control monitoring solution to life.
ICS is Hiring
Come work with the best team of Qt developers in the industry! Full-time and contract positions available.