https://www.redmosquito.co.uk/terms/
Terms & Conditions
In using this website you agree that you have read and understood these terms and conditions and you agree to them. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions you are not authorised to use this website.
Cookie Notice
Our website (www.redmosquito.co.uk or other domain names registered in our name) uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website. This helps us to provide you with an optimal experience when you browse our website and also allows us to improve our site.
A cookie is a small file that we store on the hard drive of your computer if you agree. You have the option to elect to not store cookies on your hard drive when you first visit this site.
You can block cookies by choosing ‘Opt-out’ on the widget on the foot of our Homepage or by activating the relevant setting in your browser software that blocks the setting of some or all cookies. Please note, if you use your browser settings to block all cookies (including essential cookies) you may not be able to access all or parts of our site.
Clicking ‘Accept’ on the cookie widget means you consent for us to store cookies on your hard drive.
We use the following two types of cookies:
Functionality cookies. These are cookies that are required for the operation of our website. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into the secure area of our Customer Portal.
Analytical/performance cookies. They allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our site. This helps us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily.
Third Party websites
We accept no liability or responsibility for the information services or content of third party websites which are linked to this website. We accept no liability or responsibility for any agreement which you make with any third party advertiser or seller found on or via this website. This shall include any payment for or delivery of goods and services including any other terms, conditions, warranties or representations associated with such goods and services.
Our Warranty
Although we have taken all reasonable care to make sure that the information available on this website is correct, we are providing this website on an “as is” basis. We make no representation or warranty of any kind regarding the information contained on this website. The information on this website may be inaccurate, incorrect, incomplete, out of date, or unsuitable for any purpose. You must check all such information with us before you take any action in reliance upon it. Any review or testimonial contained on this website is the personal opinion of the reviewer.
Our Liability to you
On condition of us allowing you free access to the material on this website you accept that we shall not be liable for any loss or damage caused directly or indirectly by your reliance on the information on this website except to the extent we are unable to do so by law. This is a comprehensive exclusion of liability and includes all losses, damages, costs and expenses of any kind including loss of profit, economic loss, loss of goodwill and all and any direct, indirect or consequential loss of any kind. The exclusions and restrictions of liability contained in these terms and conditions are considered reasonable by you.
Data Protection
Please read our Data Protection policy statement for more information on how we retain and manage information about you and what to do if you wish to update your information or make a complaint.
Intellectual Property
All copyright, trade marks and other intellectual property rights in all material or content in this website shall at all times remain our property or that of our licensors. You are allowed to use this material and content of the website as expressly authorised by us or our licensee. You may not copy, modify, distribute, reproduce, transmit, license, publish, use or resell the information or incorporate into any other work, part or all of the material available on the website in any form except that you may:
Print or download extracts of the material on this website for your personal non-commercial use.
Copy the material on this website for the purpose of sending to individual third parties for their personal non-commercial information, provided that you acknowledge us as the source of the material and that you inform the third parties that these conditions apply to them and that they must comply with them.
You will notify us immediately, if you become aware that any third party infringes our intellectual property rights.
General
Each of the provisions contained in these terms and conditions shall be construed as being independent of every other and if any provision contained in the terms and conditions is determined to be invalid or unenforceable pursuant to applicable law including, but not limited to the limitations on liability, such determination shall not affect the validity of the remainder of the terms and conditions which shall continue in effect.
Our website is operated and controlled from the United Kingdom and these terms and conditions and your use of this website are governed by and construed in accordance with the law of Scotland.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. If you continue to use our site without changing your cookie settings, we’ll assume you’re ok with this. Read More AcceptPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are as essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.