http://www.magenta-technology.com/privacy-policy
Learn more about our Privacy Policy and Cookies
Our full name: Magenta Corporation Limited. We are trading in the UK and internationally under Magenta and Maxoptra brands.
Our registered address is: 17c Curzon Street, London, W1J 5HU, Tel: +44 (0) 207 494 7510
We are the Controller in respect of the personal data of people we communicate with via our website(s), our software or other communication channels.
We may change this Policy from time to time so please check this page occasionally to sure that you’re happy with any changes. By using our website, you’re agreeing to be bound by this Policy.
Any questions regarding this Policy, Personal Data and our privacy practices should be sent by email to privacy@maxoptra.com, or privacy@magenta-technology.com, or by writing to us at 17c Curzon Street, London, W1J 5HU
Why do we collect your Personal Data?
We are collecting your personal data for the following purpose(s):
To give those, who have requested it, access to our Maxoptra and Magenta services, including services under Free Trial Terms and Conditions
To schedule either a Maxoptra software or Magenta software demonstration, as explicitly requested by those persons who have completed the relevant information request form on either of our websites maxoptra.com and magenta-technology.com .
To keep you informed regarding our products and services.
According to the new GDPR regulations (introduced on the 25th May 2018) the legal basis for us, Magenta Corporation Limited, processing your personal data can be defined as follows:
You as a data subject have given consent to the processing of your personal data for one or more specific purposes;
Processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you as a data subject is party or in order to take steps at the request of the data subject prior to entering into a contract;
Processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by us.
By providing us with your personal data you are consenting for us to keep in touch with you regarding our products and services, receive our electronic newsletters and any other electronic marketing information issued by our organisation. You have the right to retract consent at any time and all electronic communications will include the required ‘opt out’ functionality.
If you have requested a free trial of our Maxoptra software or Magenta software, or we have an actual Licence and (or) Service agreement with the company you are working for, processing your personal data is necessary for the performance of the software and services requested. We conclude that there is a legitimate business interest in us keeping you informed regarding our products and services.
If you have expressed an interest, or submitted a form, via our websites (maxoptra.com or magenta-technology.com) or sent us an enquiry email we conclude that there is a legitimate business interest in us keeping you informed regarding our products and services.
If your corporate email address or telephone number was obtained from a public source (such as a professional or social network, a media source or specific industry database) such public source information, together with your publicly available professional background information, identifies that your professional interests could be in alignment with the scope of our software products and services.
Therefore, we conclude that there is legitimate business interest in us keep you informed about our products and services.
Your choice
Please note, that in accordance with GDPR regulations, and the Maxoptra Privacy Policy, you may request copies, and sources, of personal data that we hold about you and if you so request we shall, to the extent required by law, restrict our use of (or correct, delete or transfer) your personal data.
If we are relying on your consent to process data, you may withdraw your consent at any time by notice to us.
You have the right to make a complaint at any time to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO), the UK supervisory authority for data protection issues (ico.org.uk). We would, however, appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns before you approach the ICO so please contact us in the first instance.
Your provision of personal data to us is not a contractual or legal requirement.
You acknowledge that Magenta and its Data Processors may maintain data processing operations in countries that are outside of the EEA and Switzerland. Where Magenta permit any Data Processor to process your Personal Data outside the EEA, we will comply in full with the requirements of the EU Commission’s Controller -to- Processor Model Clauses (annexed to EU Commission Decision 2010/87/EU), subject to practical interpretations of certain provisions contained within the Controller-to-Processor Model Clauses, as permitted by the Article 29 Working Party and the amendments expected from ICO in connection with the requirements under GDPR commencing on the 25th of May 2018.
The personal data will be stored for an unlimited period unless we receive explicit instructions from the named individual, or organisation, to remove personal data records.
Profiling
We may analyse your personal information to create a profile of your business interests and preferences so that we can contact you with the information that is most relevant to your business. We may make use of additional information about you when it is available from external sources to help us do this effectively.
Use of 'Cookies'
We use cookies for statistics to continually improve our website.
Cookies are a small piece of data sent from a website and stored in the user's web browser while the user is browsing it. Every time the user loads the website, the browser sends the cookie back to the server to notify the user's previous activity.
Our websites maxoptra.com and magenta-technology.com
uses the following cookies:
Functional Cookies to track the pages you visits via Google Analytics.
Targeting Cookies to allow you to share pages via Add This.
How to stop Cookies
All modern browsers allow you to change your cookie settings. These settings are typically found in the 'options' or 'preferences' menu of a browser. In order to understand these settings, the following links may be helpful, otherwise you should use the 'Help' option in your browser for more details or visit sites:
Cookie settings in Internet Explorer
Cookie settings in Mozilla Firefox
Cookie settings in Google Chrome
Cookie settings in Safari
Review of this Policy
We keep this Policy under regular review. This Policy was last updated in April 2018.
Is your business ready to grow?
Call now
Echo Demonstration
×
Please fill in the form below for us to be able to reach you to arrange a demo.
Your fleet size:
1-34 vehicles*
35-50 vehicles
51-100 vehicles
100+ vehicles
GET DEMONSTRATION
Message content
×