http://www.smartwebs.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Smartwebs Privacy Policy
Smartwebs Inc. (“Smartwebs”) is committed to protecting your privacy. This privacy policy governs your use of all software applications and products (“Applications”) created by Smartwebs Inc. (hereafter referred to as “Smartwebs”) for use on desktop and mobile devices. These applications include but are not limited to:
Smartwebs Mobile Offline (iOS)
Smartwebs Mobile (iOS)
Smartwebs Mobile Online (Android)
Smartwebs Offline (Android)
Smartwebs Mobile site (https://mobile.smartwebs.com)
Smartwebs Office site (https://office.smartwebs.com)
These applications allow users to create, maintain and process information for property management and workflow purposes. These include unit violations, work order processing, architectural improvement requests, facility management and automated communications.
What information do these applications obtain and how it is used?
User-Provided Information
These applications obtain the information you provide when you download and log in to a mobile application or access one of our sites. Creating a valid Smartwebs account is mandatory in order to use any application features.
When you register with us and use any application, you provide (a) your name, email address, username, password and other registration information; (b) transaction-related information, such as when you download or use any application; (c) information you provide us when you contact us for help; (d) information you enter into our system when using any applications, such as contact information and project management data.
We may also use the information you provide us to occasionally contact you with important information, required notices and marketing promotions.
Cookies
Like many websites, Smartwebs websites, products and applications use “cookies” to track user information. These small amounts of data are stored on your device’s hard drive, allowing you to log in faster by using the “Remember Me” feature. Cookies help us provide an easier and safer experience across Smartwebs websites, products and applications. These cookies expire after a certain period of time but can be manually removed by deleting these files through your internet browser settings.
Automatically Collected Information
In addition, applications may collect certain device-specific information automatically, including (but not limited to) device type, unique device IDs, IP addresses, device operating system details, internet browser type and information about the way you use the applications.
Do the applications collect any precise real-time location information from my device?
Applications may use GPS (or similar) technology to determine your current location. This allows you to generate location-specific views and activity in our system so you can find and process items more quickly and accurately. These features are only active when you (as the user) specifically enable these location-tracking features within the applications themselves. Under no circumstances do we share your current location with other users or partners.
If you do not want us to use your location for the purposes set forth above, you should turn off the location services features for the application in your device settings.
Do third parties see and/or have access to information obtained by the applications?
Yes. We will share your information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy statement.
We may disclose User-Provided and Automatically Collected Information:
as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process;
when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request;
with our trusted services providers who work on our behalf, do not have an independent use of the information we disclose to them, and have agreed to adhere to the rules set forth in this privacy statement.
with our integration partners who provide services including financial accounting and automated mailing services. These integration services and agreements are separately negotiated and agreed upon between the integration partner and the client, with no involvement from Smartwebs.
if Smartwebs is involved in a merger, acquisition or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our website of any change in ownership or uses of this information, as well as any choices you may have regarding this information.
What are my opt-out rights?
You can stop all collection of information by any application easily by uninstalling any application or by not continuing to use any Smartwebs site.
Data Retention Policy, Managing Your Information
We will retain Automatically Collected Information for up to 12 months and thereafter may store it in aggregate. If you’d like us to delete User-Provided Information that you have provided via any application, please contact us at support@smartwebs.net and we will respond to your request within seven (7) business days.
Please note that some or all of the User-Provided Information may be required in order for applications to function properly.
Children
Smartwebs products and applications are not intended for children under thirteen (13) years of age. No one under this age may use or provide information on the website, and no application is used to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their consent, he or she should contact us at support@smartwebs.net. We will delete such information from our database within a reasonable amount of time.
Security
We are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We provide physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to protect information we process and maintain. For example, we limit access to this information to authorized employees and contractors who need this information in order to operate, develop or improve our applications. Although we endeavor to provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain, please be aware that no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.
Changes
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. We will notify you of any changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy to https://www.smartwebs.com/privacy-policy and by informing you via email and/or system-wide notifications.
Your Consent and Acceptance of Terms
By using Smartwebs applications, you are consenting to these terms and conditions, as well as our processing of your information as set forth in the Privacy Policy now and as amended by us. “Processing” means using cookies on any electronic device, or using or touching information in any way, including (but not limited to) collecting, storing, deleting, using, combining and disclosing information, all of which activities take place in the United States.
If you reside outside of the United States, your information will be transferred, processed and stored there under United States privacy standards.
If you are not in agreement with our terms and conditions, then you should refrain from further use of Smartwebs products or applications. Your continued use following any updates to our terms and conditions shall mean that you are in agreement with and accept such changes.
Contact Smartwebs
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using any application, or have questions about our practices, please contact us via email at info@smartwebs.net.
Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use.
To find out more, please read our
Privacy Policy.
Members of
© 2020 Smartwebs, Inc.
All Rights Reserved | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
Contact Us
1015 S. Mays Suite 201
Round Rock, TX 78664
512-218-9996
sales@smartwebs.net
support@smartwebs.net