http://www.huntcal.com/calendar/privacy.shtml
Hunt Calendars Privacy Statement
Free Trial
Features
Pricing
FAQ
Customization
Samples
Customers
Contact Us
Home
Free Trial
Features
Pricing
FAQ
Customization
Samples
Customer List
Testimonials
URL Parameters
Contact Us
Privacy Statement
We place the highest importance on respecting and protecting the privacy of our customers.
Our most important asset is our relationship with you. We want you to feel comfortable
and confident when using our website. Therefore, we would like to share with you the
following principles that govern our information practices and other privacy aspects
of our website. Throughout this policy, we refer to information that personally identifies
you as "personal information".
Information Protection
We work to protect your personal information from loss, misuse or unauthorized alteration
by using industry-recognized security safeguards. Whenever we ask for sensitive information,
such as credit card numbers, we encrypt it as it is transmitted to us.
When we ask you for information, we will tell you,—or it will be clear—what we need
to know to fulfill your request. We will also tell you how we will use the information
we're asking for.
We do not sell or rent your personal information to anyone.
We do not share your personal information with anyone outside of Hunt Calendars
for their promotional, including marketing, use.
We may need to communicate with you regarding the usability of our service or critical messages relating
to the service or software (such as service messages, account renewal notices, critical notices,
or legally mandated notices). The majority of our communication is via email.
An email address is required when a calendar group is created. This email address
is available to group members and is used to contact the calendar group administrator.
Email addresses are also used to send email reminders of events. The person
who posts the event controls the list of recipients. All email reminders include
the email address of the sender, and removal instructions.
When an account is created, we also require an email address, which is only used
for communication regarding the account.
These email addresses are not used for Hunt Calendars marketing or promotions. The
only email addresses used for this purpose are those provided to join our opt-in mailing list.
Communications sent from the mailing list are not used for third-party marketing or promotions.
All messages include removal instructions.
We do not share, sell or trade email addresses managed by the calendar system.
Use of Technology
We use technology, such as cookies, that allow us to make your visit to our website
easier by recognizing you when you return and help to provide you with a customized experience.
You can choose to decline cookies while at our website. Most browsers accept and maintain
cookies by default.
Check the "Help" menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preference.
When we track activity on our website, we collect information such as your IP address,
browser type and version, and pages you view. We also keep track of how you got to our site.
Once you leave our site, we do not track you. We use your website activity to assist us in
offering you a personalized experience and assist you with technical support.
Whenever we ask for sensitive information, such as credit card numbers, we
use SSL (secure sockets layer) to encrypt the transmission. We store no payment
information on the calendar server, only an identifier used to communicate with
Braintree, our payment system company. Payment information is transmitted directly
from the customer's computer to the Braintree server. It never enters our server.
To accomplish this, the payment page includes an iframe which is populated by the
Braintree server via javascript.
Following a transaction, the Braintree server sends us the first six and the
last four digits from the customer's card, which we use for our online invoices.
If you would like to use SSL for other areas of the site,
this is easily accomplished by changing "http" to "https"
in the URL of your calendar.
For example, if the URL for your
calendar is
http://www.huntcal.com/cal/view/mygroup/mycal
the SSL version would be:
https://www.huntcal.com/cal/view/mygroup/mycal
If we make material changes to any of our privacy policies or practices regarding personal information
we will update our statement and post a notice on our site 30 days before they take effect.
If you have any questions or concerns regarding
this Privacy Statement, please contact us.
Last Updated: 5/8/2017
Home
Features
Pricing
Free Trial
Sample Calendars
FAQ
URL Parameters Guide
Customization
Go To My Calendar
Go To Group Admin
Contact Us
Testimonials
Customer List
Terms of Service
Privacy Statement
Copyright © 2020 Hunt Calendars, All rights reserved.