http://www.careercast.com/terms-and-conditions
Skip to main content
Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
Adicio, Inc. TERMS OF USE
For CareerCast.com and Adicio, Inc. World Wide Website
Welcome to our world wide website. CareerCast.com, its subsidiaries and affiliates ("Adicio, Inc.") provides our site on the World Wide Web (the "Site") as a convenience to the public and our authorized software users, subject to the following terms of use. By accessing, viewing, using or downloading materials from the Site, you agree to be bound by these terms and conditions and to all applicable international, federal, state and local laws and regulations. If you do not agree with these terms of use, do not use this Site.
Description of Site Services
CareerCast.com and Adicio, Inc. provide you with access to technology and recruitment information, product and service information, online ordering of certain products and services, job postings and other comparable content on the Site, including certain features that are available only to authorized users of Adicio, Inc. software. Unless explicitly stated otherwise, any new features that augment or enhance CareerCast.com, including the release of new Adicio, Inc. services or additional websites, shall be subject to these terms of use.
Trademarks
The trademarks, logos and service marks ("Marks") displayed on the Site are the property of Adicio, Inc. and other parties. You are prohibited from using any Marks for any purpose including, but not limited to use as metatags on other pages or sites on the World Wide Web without the written permission of Adicio, Inc. or the respective owners of the Marks.
© Use of Content on the Site
All information and content including, for example, any software programs, Jobs Rated content, articles and product information available on or through the Site ("Content") is protected by copyright. Unless otherwise specified, you may view and download the Content at the Site only for your personal, informational, and noncommercial purposes, provided that you retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained in the original Content and on any copies. You may not modify the Content on the Site in any way or reproduce or publicly display, perform, post, transmit, distribute or otherwise use or exploit any portion of the Content for any public or commercial purpose. Recognizing the global nature of the Internet, you agree to comply with all local rules regarding online conduct and acceptable Content. Specifically, by using the Site and downloading any Content from this Site, you agree to comply with all applicable laws regarding the transmission, export and re-export of technical data originating from the United States or the country in which you reside.
Links to Other Sites
CareerCast.com and Adicio, Inc. may provide certain links to other websites as a convenience to you. Access to any linked websites is at your own risk. You should be aware that linked sites may contain terms of use or privacy policies different from that provided on the Site. Adicio,Inc. does not monitor or control the content of any other website and specifically disclaims responsibility or liability of any kind for any material or communications available at other websites. Adicio,Inc. is not endorsing, authorizing or sponsoring the content of any site that may be linked to CareerCast.com or Adicio, Inc. Sites.
No Warranties
Site Content may contain factual inaccuracies or typographical errors or be incomplete or out of date. Content may be changed or updated without notice. Adicio, Inc. may make changes and/or improvements in the products and/or programs described in the Site at any time without notice. EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE EXPRESSLY PROVIDED IN A WRITTEN AGREEMENT BETWEEN YOU AND ADICIO, INC., ALL CONTENT PROVIDED AT THE SITE OR OBTAINED FROM A LINKED SITE IS PROVIDED "AS IS"AND WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NONINFRINGEMENT. ADICIO, INC. DOES NOT ENDORSE AND IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE RELIABILITY OR THE CORRECTNESS OF ANY OPINION, ADVICE OR STATEMENT MADE THROUGH THE SITE BY ANY PARTY OTHER THAN ADICIO, INC. OR THE CONTENT, CAPABILITES OR RELIABILITY OF ANY PRODUCT OR SERVICE OBTAINED FROM A LINKED SITE.
Limitation of Liability
IN NO EVENT SHALL ADICIO, INC. BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTIAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR DAMAGES FROM BUSINESS INTERRUPTION OR LOSS OF PROFITS, REVENUE, DATA OR USE, INCURRED BY YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY, WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY OR IN CONTRACT, TORT, OR OTHER LEGAL THEORY, AND WHETHER OR NOT ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITIES OF SUCH DAMAGES, ARISING FROM YOUR ACCESS TO, OR USE OF, THE SITE OR ANY OTHER HYPERLINKED SITE, EVEN IF ADICIO, INC. HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
Partner and other Third Party Content
The Site contains Content concerning various third parties (often referred to as "partners") who offer products or services compatible with Adicio, Inc. products and services. Adicio, Inc. may also provide webinar Content or other Content of general use or interest to recruiters, brokers, agents, dealers or authorized users. This Content is provided for your convenience only. Adicio, Inc. is not responsible for and does not warrant any third party product or service or the accuracy of any description. You also may be subject to additional terms and conditions that may apply when you use affiliate services, third party content or third party software. The Site may also distribute ad listings to various partner sites to improve the visibility and response rates.
Access to Password Protected Areas
Access to and use of password protected and/or secure areas of the Site is restricted to authorized users only. Unauthorized individuals attempting to access these areas of the Site shall be subject to sanctions up to and including prosecution.
Online Ordering
Authorized users may order certain products and services online for your convenience. Adicio, Inc. has implemented reasonable technical and organizational measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration or disclosure. However, we cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will never be able to defeat those measures or use your personal information for improper purposes.
When you place an order online at Adicio, Inc., your credit card information is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer ("SSL") protocol. SSL makes it difficult for your credit card information to be intercepted or stolen while being transmitted. Adicio, Inc. uses a service company to process its credit card transactions.
Adicio does not store your credit card information on this site or any sites that we power. Your credit card information is transmitted to VeriSign via SSL protocol. For further information on this company's privacy and security practices, please go to: http://www.verisign.com/truste/index.html
Use of Cookies
Adicio uses "cookies" to help personalize and maximize your online experience and time online. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard drive by a web page server. Cookies are not used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to your computer, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you. Cookies are live for the duration of your session. Once you close your browser or logout your cookie ends. Personally identifiable information (PII) is only stored on our servers and is never transmitted across the internet. We do not link the information we store in cookies to any personally identifiable information you submit while on our site.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize Adicio pages, or register for services, a cookie helps us to recall your specific information (such as user name, password and preferences). Because of our use of cookies, we can deliver faster and more accurate results and a more personalized site experience. When you return to the Adicio site, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the features that you customized. We also use cookies to track click streams and for load balancing.
You may have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline all cookies if you prefer. Alternatively, you may be able to modify your browser setting to notify you each time a cookie is tendered and permit you to accept or decline cookies on an individual basis. If you choose to decline cookies, however, that may hinder performance and negatively impact your experience on the Adicio website.
To protect your privacy, be sure to close your browser completely after you have finished conducting business with a website that does use cookies.
User Submissions
With the exception of personally identifiable information covered by the Privacy Statement, any material, information, emails or other communication you transmit or post to the Site ("Communications") will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary. Adicio, Inc. will have no obligation with respect to Communications, other than as provided in the Privacy Statement, will be free to copy, disclose, distribute, incorporate and otherwise use Communications and all data, images, sounds, tests and other things embodied in the Communications for any and all commercial and non-commercial purposes.
You are prohibited from posting or transmitting to or from the Site any unlawful, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, confidential or other material that would violate any law, including without limitation, copyright, trademark, trade secret, or any rights of third parties.
Adicio, Inc. may, but is not obligated to, monitor or review any areas on the Site where authorized users or others transmit or post Communications. Adicio, Inc. will have no liability for the content of any Communications, whether or not arising under the laws of copyright, trademark, trade secret, libel, privacy, obscenity or otherwise.
Press Releases
All press releases and related Content that are contained on the Site were, to the best of Adicio, Inc.'s knowledge, timely and accurate when issued. However, the passage of time can render information stale. Adicio, Inc. has no responsibility to update any information contained in any such material.
Changes to the Terms of Use
Adicio, Inc. may at any time revise the Terms of Use by updating this posting. You are bound by any such revisions.
Notices
If you have access to password protected areas of the Site, notices to you may be made via email or regular mail or by displaying notices or links to notices on the Site. Notices to Adicio, Inc. regarding any Content on the Site, copyright infringement or possible violations of the terms of use should be directed to Adicio, Inc.'s Marketing department, Attn: Terry Baker, VP Sales & Marketing.
Violations of Terms of Use
Adicio, Inc. reserves the right to seek all remedies available at law and in equity for violations of the Terms of Use, including the right to block access from a particular Internet address to the Site.
Applicable Laws
You agree to submit to the laws of the State of California and applicable federal law. Any claim relating to Content on the Site shall be governed by the substantive laws of the State of California, excluding its principals as to conflicts of laws. Any dispute arising out of or in connection with the use or access or otherwise related to the Site may be settled by a court of competent jurisdiction, except for a claim of violation of data privacy covered by the Privacy Policy dispute resolution terms.