http://www.gadwin.com/privacy.htm
Privacy Policy
Home
< Privacy Policy
At Gadwin Systems, we respect your privacy. We will not sell, share, or rent any data collected on our site to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement.
Personal Information
Gadwin Systems collects basic personal information when
you fill out the contact forms or subscribe to our newsletter. This
information is used to contact the user about the services on our site
for which they have expressed interest or reply to a query. Such personal
information is stored on Gadwin Systems computers and is accessed by
authorized personnel only. If a user wishes to subscribe to our
newsletter, we ask for the email address only; no other information is
required.
Cookies
No cookies are used on our site.
Orders
When ordering a product from us, the purchaser's name,
email address, mailing address, credit card number, and expiration date
are encrypted using SSL (Secure Socket Layers) and passed through to the
credit card processing company. This is necessary for processing and
fulfilling orders and providing notification of the order status. If you
don't wish to disclose your credit card number, feel free to order by
mail using a check. You can also pay by international wire transfer, in
which case we will know only the account holder name and the email
address to which we should email the registration codes.
Server Log Files
We use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the
site, track user's movement, and gather broad demographic information for
aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable
information. The log files are deleted on a monthly basis. If you have
any questions or comments about our privacy policy, please feel free to
contact us.
Back to top
Home  |  Products  |
Downloads  |  Order  |
Support  |  Site Map
(May, 10) The latest release of Gadwin PrintScreen Pro is available for download.
Get It Now!
• Contact Us
Gadwin PrintScreen Pro 6.2
Gadwin PrintScreen 6.2
Gadwin ScreenRecorder 4.2
Diagram Studio 6.1
Gadwin Web Snapshot 2.6
Gadwin GeForms 1.8
• Ordering
Subscribe   Unsubscribe
Contact Us    ||
Privacy Policy *** Copyright © 1999-2019 Gadwin, Ltd. ***