http://www.behosting.com/privacy.php
Begin
Client Portal
Knowledgebase
Server Status
Did you know...
The number one reason a domain name transfer can get held-up is
because of old records listed in the WHOIS database.
Check yours here.
beHosting.com LLC Privacy Policy
Our Commitment To Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To
better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online
information practices and the choices you can make about the way your
information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it
available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable
information may be requested.
The Information We Collect
This notice applies to all information
collected or submitted at beHosting.com. On our site you can purchase website
hosting and development services. The types of personal information collected
are as follows:
To purchase our services via our secure server, the following information
will be collected:
Name
Address
Email address
Phone
number
Credit/Debit Card Information OR Checking Account Information if you
are paying by online check.
The Way We Use Information
We use the information you provide about
yourself when placing an order only to complete that order. We do not share this
information with outside parties.
We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. Such addresses
are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties. If
you submit a tip or coupon for our newsletter or the Library section of our
website, we will use your first name, city, and state, or the first part of your
email address to thank you. We never disclose your last name or full email
address.
You can register with our website for our "opt in" newsletter. In order to
join our free newsletter, simply click on the "Join our Newsletter" button
wherever you fight see it. Newsletters are sent about every other month. You can
unsubscribe from this notification list at any time. Instructions on how to
unsubscribe from the optional newsletter are printed at the bottom of every
mailing.
We may use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our
website and to share with advertisers. For example, we may tell an advertiser
that X number of individuals visited a certain area on our website, or that Y
number of men and Z number of women signed up for our services, but we would not
disclose anything that could be used to identify those individuals.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information
provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also
providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated
uses.
Our Commitment To Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access,
maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put
in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to
safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Our Commitment To Children's Privacy
Protecting the privacy of the
minors is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain
information at our website from those we actually know are under 18, and no part
of our website is structured to attract anyone under 18.
Linked Internet Sites
User should be aware that other Internet
sites to which User hyperlinks from the Site may contain privacy provisions that
differ from the provisions provided herein. beHosting.com is not responsible for
such provisions, and expressly disclaims any and all liability related to such
provisions.
How To Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about
these privacy policies, please contact us.
Effective 8-13-2000
Home
Hosting   Domains
Support   Contact
Review
our Privacy Policy, Service Agreement and Legal Notice/Disclaimer.