https://www.widest.com/terms/
Terms and Conditions of Use
USER AGREEMENT
Welcome to the Widest.com website.
Please read this User Agreement before using our Website. By “Website” we mean collectively:
• the main Widest.com website (www.widest.com)
• the email publications prepared and delivered by us to our members;
Widest.com is a trading name and property of Widest Media. For the avoidance of doubt ‘us’ ‘we’ ‘our’ in the following document refers to Widest Media.
Use of the Website and these terms are subject to the laws of England and the jurisdiction of the English Courts.
These terms constitute the full agreement between you and us and may only be amended in writing.
They apply to the exclusion of all other terms or conditions of contract proposed. By using the Website, you signify that you have read, understand and agree to be bound by these Terms of Use.
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF USE CAREFULLY AS THEY CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION REGARDING YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS, REMEDIES AND OBLIGATIONS, INCLUDING VARIOUS LIMITATIONS AND EXCLUSIONS.
We may change or modify these Terms of Use at any time and such changes or modifications will come into effect immediately upon posting to the Website.
The most current version of the User Agreement can be viewed at any time at Widest.com. Unless explicitly stated otherwise, any new features or functionality that augment or enhance the Website shall be subject to this User Agreement.
Eligibility
The Website is available only to Users that can form legally binding contracts under applicable law. The Website and the materials located on or through the Website are provided for informational purposes only. You agree and acknowledge that we make no representation or warranty as to the accuracy of any information on the Website or Websites that we link to.
Any registration by, use of or access to the Website by anyone under 18 is unauthorized, unlicensed and in violation of these Terms of Use. By using the Service or the Website, you represent and warrant that you are 18 years of age or older and that you are fully able to enter into and to abide by all of the terms and conditions of these Terms of Use. Any membership you may hold with the Website may be terminated and any profiles you have created may be deleted if we believe you are less than 18 years of age.
Our responsibility
Use of the Website is at user’s risk, all materials and services contained on the Website are available for personal and non-commercial use.
We will ensure that services are provided with reasonable skill and care.
We reserve the right to withdraw, cancel, suspend or change any part of the Website at any time.
We will not be responsible for any losses, including corruption of data which doesn’t directly result from our actions.
Subject to maximum permitted by law we exclude liability for loss or damage relating to any inaccurate information; delays in updating the website; viruses or other malicious software; actions of any service provider; infringements of any intellectual property rights; your inability to use the Website; or relating to external Websites that we link to.
We cannot guarantee that the Website will not be uninterrupted or error free.
Our Website may contain various combinations of text, images, audio-visual productions, opinions, statements, facts, articles, market data, or other information created by Widest.com or by third-parties. Due to the number of sources from which content on our Website is obtained, and the inherent hazards and risks of electronic distribution, there may be delays, omissions or inaccuracies in such content.
Accordingly, such content is for your reference only and should not be relied upon by you for any purpose. Information created by third parties that you may access on the Website or through links is not adopted or endorsed by Widest.com and remains the responsibility of such third parties.
Third Party Services
The Website offers you access to services offered by third parties. Any booking and/or transaction made is subject to Terms and Conditions agreed between you and the supplier. Please ensure you read them carefully before placing your order. We accept no liability for the performance of the Service Provider and provide no representations, endorsements or warranties on their behalf.
Bookings and transactions are made directly with third party supplier, it is your responsibility to check that booking and transaction information is correct and any amendments should be made directly with the supplier you booked and completed the transaction with.
Notice to Third Party Websites
Any content made available in connection with your website, or otherwise, by our widgets, third party widgets or otherwise is our exclusive property and no grant of any intellectual property rights is made by us. We retain the right to demand that you cease any use of our content upon notice.
Content Linked to by Widest.com
Widest.com provides information on, accepts advertising from, and provides links to third-party vendors and websites. Offers from these vendors that may be mentioned on the Website are often subject to change at any time, and may have many additional restrictions and limitations.
Users of the Website agree to confirm all aspects of third-party offers with the offering party, and to hold Widest.com and its employees and affiliates harmless for any circumstances that may arise from interactions with a third party.
We have no control over, and we assume no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party Websites and third party content contained on the Website, to which the Website is linked, or on which the Website’s content is posted.
A search using the Services may produce search results and links to Websites that some people find objectionable, inappropriate, or offensive. We cannot guarantee that a search will not locate unintended or objectionable content and assume no responsibility for the content of any Website included in any search results or otherwise linked to by the Website. By using the Website, you expressly release us from any and all liability arising from search results or your use of any third party Websites or third party content. Our terms and policies do not govern any third party Websites, and we encourage you to review the applicable terms and policies of any third party Website.
User Content
From time to time our users may submit content to Website (Including Comments and articles). You acknowledge that we are not responsible for material submitted to Widest.com by users. For purposes of this User Agreement, references herein to content or materials submitted by a user include without limitation any reader comments such user may make on or otherwise add to our Website.
We may not pre-screen, monitor, review or edit the content posted by users. However, we have the right (but not the obligation) in our sole discretion to refuse or remove any content, in whole or part, that, in our judgment, does not comply with this User Agreement or is otherwise undesirable, inappropriate or inaccurate.
We are not responsible for any failure, non-failure or delay in removing such content. Users will remain responsible for the copyright compliance, accuracy, legality, decency, or any other aspect of any content they submit.
Under no circumstances will we be liable in any way for any content a user submits, including, but not limited to, any errors or omissions in any such content, or any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of your use of any such content. You agree to immediately notify us of any unauthorized use of our Website or any other breach of Terms of Use known or suspected by you.
Personal Use Only
The Website and Services are made available for your personal, non-commercial use only. You may not use the Website to sell a product or service, or to increase traffic to your Web Website for commercial reasons, such as advertising sales.
You may not take the results from a search and reformat and display them, or mirror the Website’s home page or results pages on your Website. You may not “meta-search” the Website. If you want to make commercial use of the Website, you must enter into written agreement with us to do so in advance.
No representations and warranties
We are not responsible for any content provided by third parties (including advertisers). Except as expressly set forth herein, we do not make any representation or warranty of any kind, whether express, implied, statutory or otherwise, including without limitation warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular use, non-infringement or any implied warranties arising from course of dealing or course of performance. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, we specifically disclaim any representation or warranty regarding the error-free, disruption-free or interruption-free nature of the website or the services.
Limitation of liability
Under no circumstances shall we or our affiliates be liable to you or any third person for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, reliance, consequential or punitive damages, including lost profits, cost of cover, or lost data that arise in whole or in part from the use of, or the inability to use, the Website or the services or functions of the Website or arising out of your access to, or inability to access, the Website or your reliance upon, the Website or the services, content or materials in, or functions of, the Website, provision of, or failure to provide services, or information, whether or not we have been advised of the possibility of such damages, and on any theory of liability (including negligence).
In addition, we have no duty to update the Website or the contents thereof unless we make material changes to our personal information collection and/or use practices. In no event shall our total liability to you for all damages, losses, and causes of action (whether in contract, tort (including, but not limited to, negligence, or otherwise) exceed five pounds (£5.00).
Applicable law may not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability or incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you. If you are dissatisfied with the website, your sole and exclusive remedy shall be to discontinue use of the website and terminate this agreement in accordance with the terms hereof.
Copyright and Intellectual Property
The copyright in this Website belongs to Widest Media.
We give you no rights in relation to copyright and other intellectual property rights.
Copyright extends to the design, look and feel of the Website, all text, html code, meta data, photographs, logos, images and marketing materials.
You are not permitted to modify, copy, display, reproduce, publish, or transmit information obtained from the Website. You may only download or print pages for personal use for the sole purpose of placing bookings or completing transactions.
Brands featured on the website belong to their respective owners.
If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please email the following information to us by using the form on the Contact page:
– A description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed;
– A link to or a description of where the alleged infringing material is located on our Website;
– A statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law;
– An electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest; and
– A statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf.
Marketing Communications
If you have used the Website before or have registered your interest with Widest.com it is possible that we have your information already and it is being used to contact you about offers or related activities that you may find useful. If you are an existing user we will continue to keep you informed unless you tell us not to.
Any email received by us is sent under certain conditions that fully comply with UK data laws. By entering your email address you have chosen to opt in. You must confirm your subscription via email which validates that your email address is truly permission based. This protects you from unwanted spam email.
We do not sell trade or rent your personal information to other companies or third parties.
We will not send you any third party marketing emails or pass your information on to third parties unless you give us your consent.
Any promotional emails received from us will contain information on how to unsubscribe from receiving Widest.com marketing communications.
We are committed to protecting your privacy and security and have explained in detail the steps we take to do so. We suggest that you read our privacy policy.
Submissions
You acknowledge and agree that any questions, comments, suggestions, ideas, feedback or other information about the Website or the Service (“Submissions”), provided by you to us are non-confidential and shall become our sole property. We shall own exclusive rights, including all intellectual property rights, and shall be entitled to the unrestricted use and dissemination of these Submissions for any purpose, commercial or otherwise, without acknowledgment or compensation to you.
Governing Law
The laws of England, without regard to principles of conflict of laws, will govern these Terms of Use and any dispute of any sort that might arise between you and us or any of our affiliates.
Affiliate Disclosure
Widest.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for website owners to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, or endless.com, MYHABIT.com, SmallParts.com, AmazonWireless.com, and any other website that may be affiliated with Amazon Service LLC Associates Program.
Effective Date
These terms and conditions are effective as of February 1, 2016.
Follow Widest
GET WIDEST BY EMAIL
By clicking Subscribe, you are subscribing to receive newsletters from Widest.com. Your data will be processed in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Top Offers
Huhot Sleeveless Cowl Neck Summer Casual Flared Midi Tank Dress
Check It Out
Windshield Head Up Display with RPM, MPH and Fuel Display
$47.88
Check It Out
Homall Executive Swivel Racing Style Gaming Chair
$142.99
$169.99
Check It Out
Become An Instant Magician With The Flaming Wallet
$15.49
Check It Out
Best In Travel
Top 10 Wonders of the Modern World
The Top 15 Attractions and Places To See In Europe
The 12 Most Unusual Churches In The World
Top 10 Attractions in The United States of America
Best Sellers
8 Best Selling Drift Trikes
25 Best Selling Games For Fun and Entertainment
30 Best Selling Cat Beds
25 Best Selling Perfumes For Women
GIFT IDEASWidest range of gift ideas
for any occasionBest Gift Ideas
GIFTS FOR HIMAmazing gift ideas for him
for any occasionGifts For Him
GIFTS FOR HERBeautiful gift ideas for her
for any occasionGifts For Her
GIFTS FOR KIDSWidest selection of
gift ideas for kidsKids’ Gifts
TECH GIFTSCool gadgets, devices
and tech giftsTech Gift Ideas
TRAVEL GIFTSTravel gifts for travellers
and jetsettersTravel Gift Ideas
HOME AND OFFICEGift ideas for the
home and officeOffice and Home Gifts
THINGS TO WEARWearables gift ideas
for any occasionWearables Gifts
DEALSHot deals and offers
on amazing productsBest Deals
BEST SELLERSBestselling gift ideas
for all occasionsBest Sellers
HOTELSCompare hotel prices
for best hotel dealsCompare Hotels
SHOPWidest Selection
of Cool products
To Buy NowShopping
TRAVEL BLOGTravel guides and tips
on places to visitVisit Travel Blog
THINGS TO DOTop attractions to visit
around the worldTop Attractions
PLACESMost amazing places
to visit before you dieAmazing Places
TRAVEL GUIDESTravel tips for top cities
and destinationsTop Destinations
Sections
Home
Gifts
Best Sellers
Deals
Lifestyle
Tech
Travel
Blog
Widest
About Us
Contact Us
Advertise With Us
Submit A Post
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions