http://www.stylusstudio.com/data-privacy-provisions.html
XML PRODUCTIVITY THROUGH INNOVATION ™
XML Developer Network
|
XML Editor Blog
|  XML Pipeline Server  |  Contact Us
PRODUCTS
DOWNLOAD
BUY
LEARN
SUPPORT
COMPANY
Cart
Stylus Studio EULAPrivacy PolicyTerms of UseContact Stylus StudioXML CoverageXML Press ReleasesStylus Studio AwardsXML Events Connect With Stylus
Home > Company > Data Privacy Provisions
Download a Free Trial >
See What's New >
Buy Now >
Data Privacy Provisions
Regulation 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27
April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the
processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, and
repealing Directive 95/46/EC ("GDPR" and/or the "Privacy Regulation")
enters into force on May 25th, 2018 and applies to IVI
Technologies, Inc. partners and providers in case of processing of personal
data wholly or partly by automated means or other than by automated means
which form part of a filing system or are intended to form part of a filing
system, if any of the following criteria is met:
the processing of personal data is done in the context of the
activities of an establishment of a controller or a processor in the
European Union, regardless of whether the processing takes place in the
European Union or not;
the processing of personal data of data subjects who are in the
European Union by a controller or processor not established in the
European Union, where the processing activities are related to: (a) the
offering of goods or services, irrespective of whether a payment of the
data subject is required, to such data subjects in the European Union;
or (b) the monitoring of their behaviour as far as their behaviour
takes place within the European Union.
Please note that as part of our partnership both You ( e.g Merchant,
Client, Provider, Affiliate network partner) and IVI Technologies, Inc. and
its Affiliates companies are data controllers in respect of the personal
data of Shoppers, End Users or Customers (the "Personal Data") and as such
specific obligations are applicable to you. For sake of clarity Personal
data is listed in the Privacy Policy available on IVI Technologies, Inc.
platform.
While You are free to determine your own privacy policy, we note that for
the entire duration our partnership and for the processing of Personal Data
regulated by GDPR, You understands and agrees that certain minimum
obligations and safeguards have to be put in place and made transparent to
IVI Technologies, Inc. to ensure that no reputational or other loss occurs
for either party.
SECTION I: UNDERTAKING IN RESPECT OF DATA PROCESSING UNDER GDPR
1. Parties will only disclose the Personal Data to the extent reasonably
necessary for them to be able to perform their obligations under the
Partnership and shall not use such Personal Data for any other purposes,
except if legal requirements for such additional processing have been
observed (e.g. Client consented in advance, legal obligations are in place
and require processing).
2. You shall ensure that you have appropriate operational and technological
processes and procedures in place to safeguard against any unauthorized or
unlawful access, loss, destruction, theft, use or disclosure of the
Personal Data as mentioned under Section III below.
3. Without undue delay, You shall notify IVI Technologies, Inc.:
3.1. but in no event after 72 hours of becoming aware of any breach of
security leading to the accidental or unlawful destruction, loss,
alteration, unauthorized disclosure of or access to, Personal Data
transmitted, stored or otherwise processed (provided that such breach
qualifies to be notified to the supervisory authority pursuant to GDPR),
3.2. any investigation or request concerning the Personal Data by a public
authority (including the supervisory data protection authority) unless
otherwise prohibited, such as (but not limited to) a prohibition under
criminal law to preserve the confidentiality of a law enforcement
investigation;
4. Upon reasonable request, You shall:
4.1. deal promptly and properly with all enquiries from IVI Technologies,
Inc. relating to processing of the Personal Data;
4.2. submit its and shall procure that its (sub)processors submit relevant
information about their data processing facilities, procedures and
documentation relating to the processing of Personal Data Controller, to
scrutiny by IVI Technologies, Inc. (or a third party authorized by IVI
Technologies, Inc. ).
5. Before exiting our partnership regardless of the reason, or earlier,
upon IVI Technologies, Inc. motivated request, You shall destroy or delete
permanently any Personal Data in its direct or indirect possession
(including backup copies) and certify in writing to IVI Technologies, Inc.
that it has done so (up to the extent that further retention is imposed by
law or legitimate interest) unless the data is transferred according to a
legitimate interest and as per applicable laws.
SECTION II: MUTUAL OBLIGATIONS UNDER GDPR
6. To the extent they are applicable due to the nature of the commercial
relationship or due to Your obligations and IVI Technologies, Inc. in
respect of processing of Personal Data, upon one or both parties the
following obligations will be instated:
6.1. Parties shall maintain relevant records of processing (provided such
other requesting party submits arguments for which it considers the
commercial relationship as amounting to a data controller - data processor
relationship);
6.2. Parties shall transfer or process personal data outside European
Economic Area or European Union only with the observance of the GDPR and
with prior notification to the other party;
6.3. Parties shall appoint or use third parties for the processing of
Personal Data only with the observance of the GDPR;
6.4. Parties shall appoint a Data Protection Officer and/or a
representative in the European Union and indicate the contact details
thereof.
7. Where a party (the "Damaged Party") suffers Losses as a result of the
breach by the other party of any of its representations and warranties or
such other party fails or refuses to comply with any of its covenants or
obligations contained above (the "Responsible Party"), then the Damaged
Party shall be entitled to claim specific performance and/or full
compensation from and be indemnified and held harmless by the Responsible
Party for such Losses, including all costs and expenses, and seek all
available legal remedies to put it in the position where it have been had
the relevant breach or Loss have not occurred.
8. For the purpose of this paragraph, "Losses" shall mean any and all
current and future damages, fines, fees, penalties, investments and
expenses (including, without limitation (i) interests, (ii) court expenses,
(iii) fees of attorneys, (iv) accountants and other experts or other
expenses of litigation, (v) other proceedings or of any claim, (vi) all
losses, damages or other payments due to data subjects based on final and
enforceable authority order or court decision for non-observance of the
GDPR incurred by a party as a result of the breach by the other party of
its representations and warranties or of its obligations and covenants
related to Personal Data processing.
SECTION III: MINIMUM REUIQREMENTS FOR TECHNICAL AND ORGANIZATIONAL MEASURES
9. Area of responsibility. You shall continuously comply with the minimum
requirements set herein from both a technical and organizational measures
for the processing of the Personal Data. It is Your responsibility that
these requirements be observed and contractually binding to its employees,
collaborators, agents, subcontractors etc. You shall remain fully liable to
IVI Technologies, Inc. for their observance of these requirements.
10. Training and Awareness of relevant personnel. All personnel authorized
by You to access Personal Data shall be trained and made aware of your
responsibilities under GDPR and how to protect Personal data.
11. Restricted access to Personal Data of personnel. You shall ensure that
those of its employees who are processing Personal Data are reliable and
have had sufficient/adequate training pertinent to GDPR's obligations and
that no other employees than the ones needed are allowed to access Personal
Data. You shall ensure that persons authorized to process Personal Data
have committed themselves to confidentiality or are under an appropriate
statutory obligation of confidentiality. All your personnel must access
only the Personal Data required to perform their job assignments. For this
purpose, You shall determine the types of access, by functionality (such
as: administration, input, processing, rescue etc.) and after actions on
personal data (such as writing, reading, deleting) procedures for these
types of access. Anonymous data will be used to prepare users or make
presentations.
12. Technical measures. All assets that process Personal data are in
restricted area and out of reach from non-authorized personnel. Effective
access to Personal data is recorded and may be tracked in case of data
breach or non-authorized access. All software used is licensed and safe.
Awareness policy and procedures in case of computer viruses or any other
informatics attacks are in place and periodically tested.
Download a 15 Day Free Trial Now >
See What's New in Stylus Studio® X16 XML >
Buy Stylus Studio Now >
Stylus Most Wanted
Free Stylus Studio XML Training:
Site Map |
XML Converters |
XQuery |
XML Editor |
DataDirect Technologies
Privacy Policy |
Trademarks |
Terms of Use
Cookies Policy |
Data Privacy Provisions |
GDPR Compliance Statement
Copyright © 2005-2020
Progress Software Corporation. All Rights Reserved.
Copyright © 2020 IVI Technologies, Inc.