http://www.pyrus.com/en/cookie-policy
We use cookies for analytics and user authorization. By continuing to use this site, you confirm
that you agree with our Cookie Policy.
AgreeTerms of ServicePrivacy PolicyCookie PolicyCookie PolicyEffective as of January 16, 2020If your browser is configured to accept cookies, we may collect non-personally identifiable information passively using "cookies" and "page tags".What's a cookie?"Cookies" are small text files that can be placed on your computer or mobile device in order to identify your Web browser and the activities of your computer on the Service.What's a page tag?"Page tags", also known as web beacons or gif tags, are a web technology used to help track website or email usage information, such as how many times a specific page or email has been viewed. Page tags are invisible to you, and any portion of the Service, including advertisements, or e-mail sent on our behalf, may contain page tags.Does Company use cookies, and why?Yes. We use cookies to personalize your experience on the Service (such as log you into Pyrus ), to assist you in using the Service (such as saving time by not having to reenter your name each time you use the Service), to allow us to statistically monitor how you are using the Service so that we can improve our user interface. By using cookies and page tags together, we are able to improve the Service and measure the effectiveness of our advertising and marketing campaigns.Please be aware that this cookie policy does not govern the use of third-party websites or services or providers of third-party services.Do I have to accept them?You do not have to accept cookies to use the Service. If you reject cookies, certain features or resources of the Service may not work properly or at all and you may have a degraded experience.Although most browsers are initially set to accept cookies, you can change your browser settings to notify you when you receive a cookie or to reject cookies generally. To learn more about how to control privacy settings and cookie management, click the link for your browser below.FirefoxChromeInternet ExplorerSafariMicrosoft EdgeTo learn more about cookies; how to control, disable or delete them, please visit www.aboutcookies.org. Some third party advertising networks, like Google, allow you to opt out of or customize preferences associated with your internet browsing. For more information on how Google lets you customize these preferences, see their documentation.Log filesWe collect non-personal information through our Internet log files, which record data such as browser types, domain names, and other statistical data involving the use of the Service. This information may be used to analyze trends, to administer the Service, and to to monitor the use of the Service. We may link this information to personal information for these and other purposes such as personalizing your experience on the Service and evaluating the Service in general.