http://www.htk.co.uk/privacy/
HTK Privacy Policy
Who we are
This site is operated by HTK Limited, a company registered in England and Wales with registered company number 03191677 whose registered office is at Chapmans Warehouse, Wherry Quay, Ipswich, Suffolk IP4 1AS. Please contact us using the details below if you have any questions on this policy or the service that we provide. All references to “HTK”, “us” or “we” throughout this statement are to HTK Limited.
What information we hold about you
HTK collects only the domain name, but not the email address of visitors to HTK’s website, the email addresses of those who post messages to HTK’s bulletin board, the email addresses of those who communicate with us via email, aggregate information on what pages users of our site access or visit, information volunteered by you, such as survey information and/or site registrations.
How we use your data
The information HTK collects is used to improve the content of HTK’s website, used to notify you about updates to HTK’s website and HTK’s partners and to help us contact you for marketing purposes.
Where you supply us with your postal address, email or telephone number online, we may send you periodic mailings, emails or contact you by telephone in order to keep you up-to-date with the same or similar products, services and upcoming events which you have either purchased or attended previously. If you would prefer not to receive any updates from us, please provide us with your name, postal address, email and telephone number using the contact details below and we will remove your details from the relevant marketing contact lists.
As we develop and enhance our services and products we may use your data for new and currently unanticipated purposes. Where we use your data for new purposes we may undertake a privacy impact assessment where appropriate and we will also update this privacy policy to reflect those changes in uses of your data.
We will not provide your information to third parties other than as set out below.
Who we may share your data with
We may use and share aggregated statistical data regarding usage of our service with third parties but will not provide such third parties with any personally identifiable information about you.
We may disclose your personal data to:
our agents and service providers who provide us with the platform for you to interact with us through this site
a third party who acquires our business
law enforcement and regulatory agencies in connection with any investigation to help prevent unlawful activity or as otherwise required by law
Keeping your data secure
We will use appropriate technical and organisational measures to safeguard your personal data, for example:
we store your personal data on secure servers
your personal data is encrypted in transit
access to your personal data is limited to authenticated and approved staff
While we will use all reasonable efforts to safeguard your personal data, you acknowledge that the use of the internet is not entirely secure and for this reason we cannot guarantee the security or integrity of any personal data that are transferred from you or to you via the internet.
Reasons we collect and use your personal information
We need to process your personal data in accordance with this privacy policy for our legitimate interests in marketing and developing our business and services and for the wider administration of our business relationships with you and others.
Transfer of data out of the EEA
We will not transfer your data outside of the European Economic Area (EEA).
Your rights
You have the right to request access to personal data that we may process about you. If you wish to exercise this right, you should:
put your request in writing;
include proof of your identity and address (e.g. a copy of your driving licence or passport, and a recent utility or credit card bill); and
specify the personal data you want access to, including any account or reference numbers where applicable.
You have the right to require us to correct any inaccuracies in your data free of charge. If you wish to exercise this right, you should:
put your request in writing;
provide us with enough information to identify you; and
specify the information that is incorrect and what it should be replaced with.
In certain circumstances you have the right to require us to erase personal data that we may process about you. If you wish to exercise this right, you should:
put your request in writing; and
provide us with enough information to identify you.
If you have any concerns or questions as to the way in which we process your information please do contact us. In addition you have a right to bring a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office. More information on the Information Commissioner’s Office and your rights is available at www.ico.org.uk.
Retention of data
Your data will generally be retained for a period of up to 6 years from the date of your last interaction with us unless we need to retain this longer for legal or regulatory purposes.
Use of cookies
This site does not use cookies to collect personally identifiable information about you. Please be aware that restricting cookies may impact on the functionality of this website. This site uses a limited number of third party suppliers to provide specific functionality.
The website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. Google Analytics sets cookies in order to evaluate your use of the website and compile reports for us on activity on the site. Google stores the information collected by the cookie on servers in the United States. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. By using the website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
How to reject or delete this cookie: https://www.google.com/intl/en/privacypolicy.html
If you wish to restrict or block cookies which are set as a result of visiting this website, or indeed any other website, you can do this with your browser settings. The Help menu within your browser should tell you how to do this. Useful information about cookies and how to control them on a wide variety of browsers can be found at www.aboutcookies.org.
Read our full cookie policy
Changes to this policy
As we develop and enhance our products and services there may be currently unanticipated things we would like to use your data for. At such time as a new use for your data is identified, we will update this privacy policy to include the new use for your data and guidance on how to opt-out of such use.
We may also change this policy from time to time unrelated to changes in uses of your data. You should check this policy frequently to ensure you are aware of the most recent version that will apply each time you visit this website.
GDPR Compliance
At HTK, we have undertaken steps to ensure that we are GDPR compliant and have developed our Horizon platform to make it easier for our clients to comply with their obligations under GDPR. You can read about the policies and processes we’ve implemented in our GDPR Compliance Statement.
Contact Us
To contact us please use the following details:
Chapmans Warehouse, Wherry Quay, Ipswich, Suffolk IP4 1AS
0870 600 2311
hello@htk.co.uk