http://www.searchenginejournal.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy PolicyIf you require any more information or have any questions about our privacy policy, please feel free to contact us.At Search Engine Journal (“SEJ”), the privacy of our visitors is extremely important to us. This privacy policy document outlines the types of personal information that is received and collected by SEJ and how it is used. We take measures to protect personal information against loss, misuse, unauthorized access, unauthorized disclosure, manipulation, or destruction. Your information (Name and Email Address) will never be shared with any third parties, you can also choose to unsubscribe or update your preferences from emails and/or newsletters by clicking the links at the bottom of any email.What information Does SEJ Gather about You?Personally Identifiable Information: We may collect personally identifiable information from you, including your name, email address, physical address, and phone number, when you engage in any of the following activities:Order SEJ advertising products through our website.Sign up to receive promotional materials via mail or email.Participate in a contest, promotion, or survey.Some of the personally identifiable information we collect from you, including your name, address, phone number, email address, and payment card information, is required in order to process your online purchases, respond to your requests, and contact you about your online purchases, if necessary.We may collect information regarding your:Personal or professional interests.Demographics.Past experience with SEJ products and services.Detailed contact preferences or other personally identifiable information.We may also collect publicly available information about you from other sources, such as information from newspapers, blogs, and commercial websites or third-party data aggregators. We may use such information to supplement your personally identifiable information maintained by us. We may also collect personally identifiable information that you voluntarily disclose on the website, absent any request from us.How Does SEJ Use Your Information?We may use information you provide to us for a variety of purposes, including the following:To process purchases, refunds, exchanges, and other transactions.To contact you about questions or communications regarding your order.To respond to your customer service inquiries.To contact you about new products, services, special events and promotions (unless you have elected otherwise in accordance with the “How Can You Access or Change Your Information?” section of this privacy policy).To help us learn about your shopping preferences.To help us improve our website, products, services and other offerings.To otherwise enhance your shopping experience.We provide our users a choice as to whether they would like to receive marketing or promotional communications. Users may also from time to time receive up-to-date information on products and services via our e-mail newsletter. Users may opt-out at any time from receiving these communications.Log FilesLike many other websites, SEJ makes use of log files. The information inside the log files includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, type of browser, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement around the site, and gather demographic information. IP addresses, and other such information are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable.SEJ also uses Google Analytics to compile usage statistics. This service is provided by Google, Inc. Their privacy policy can be found here.Cookies and Web BeaconsWhen you visit SEJ, cookies can be stored on your computer. Cookies are little pieces of information that can help identify your browser and that can store information about visitors preferences, record user-specific information on which pages the user access or visit, customize webpage content based on visitors browser type or other information that the visitor sends via their browser.DoubleClick DART CookieGoogle, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on SEJ. Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to users based on their visit to SEJ and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy. Some of our advertising partners may use cookies and web beacons on our site.AdvertisingAdvertising is one of SEJ’s revenue streams. Therefore, we display advertisements on some of our services (e.g., on certain webpages or in emails).These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to the advertisements and links that appear on SEJ send directly to your browsers. This targeting is always an automated process; none of the information used for targeting is analyzed manually or made available to advertising customers. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. Other technologies (such as cookies, JavaScript, or web beacons) may also be used by the third-party ad networks to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and/or to personalize the advertising content that you see. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, please go to http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp.SEJ has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers. In some cases, SEJ displays advertisements from Google’s AdSense or AdExchange network. You can review Google’s Ads Privacy Policy here. Furthermore, you can use Google’s Ads Preferences Manager to configure the right ads settings for you.You can consult the respective privacy policies of any third-party ad servers for more detailed information on their practices as well as for instructions about how to opt-out of certain practices. SEJ’s privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or websites.If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual browser options. More detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers can be found at the browsers’ respective websites.Communication Between SEJ and YouIf you send SEJ a message via email or web form, this message can be stored to process it, to compile statistical information, to improve our services and support, or to get in touch with you.How Can You Access or Change Your Information?You may access, review and edit the personally identifiable information that you provide to us online. You can also ask us to update your personally identifiable information or communication preferences by contacting us via our Contact Us page. Please note that any request to update your information may take up to 30 days to process and that you may continue to receive communications from SEJ using the previously provided information until your request becomes effective.Additionally, you may opt-out from use of your personally identifiable information collected online for the purpose of sending such marketing or promotional communications at any time by following the unsubscribe instruction contained within each of the newsletters or promotional communications you receive.Do Not Sell My InfoCalifornia residents may opt out of the “sale” of their personal information. We sell certain of your information to third parties to provide you with offers and promotions and opportunities that may be of interest to you.Under the CCPA, sale is defined such that it may include allowing third parties to receive certain information, including cookies, IP address, and/or browsing behavior, to deliver targeted advertising on the Services or other services. Advertising, including targeted advertising, enables us to provide you with certain content for free and allows us to provide you offers relevant to you.Depending on what Services you use, we may provide the following categories of personal information to third parties for these purposes:For online targeted advertising purposes: demographic and statistical information, user-generated content, device information and identifiers, browser and usage data, geolocation, and social media information.For sharing with third parties to send you relevant offers, products, promotions and opportunities: contact and registration information, demographic and statistical information, employment and education data, user-generated content, device information and identifiers, and geolocation.If you would like to opt out of our use of your information for such purposes that are considered a “sale” under California law, you may do so as outlined on the following page: Do Not Sell My Info.ChangesSEJ reserves the right to update this Privacy Policy at any time.Updated on July 30, 2020