https://www.sykes.com/how-we-help/extend-your-brand/sykes-assistance-services/
Hit enter to search or ESC to close
Assistance Services Group
Assistance Services Group has been providing clinical telehealth solutions since 1997. Our services include symptom assessment and referral, hospital patient flow, health information, primary care support, chronic illness support, and wellness and prevention programs (e.g., tobacco cessation) providing evidence-informed, accessible healthcare designed to improve lives and save money.
Scalable, flexible, streamlined and multichannel, our services integrate the latest communications and medical device technologies with best practices in evidence-based clinical practice and customer relationship management (CRM) to deliver improved outcomes for our stakeholders.
Scalable, flexible, streamlined and multi-channel, our services integrate the latest communications and medical device technologies with best practices in evidence-based clinical practice and customer relationship management (CRM) to deliver improved outcomes for our stakeholders.
Contact Us
The Right Technology
We provide a comprehensive suite of telehealth services and tools such as contact centers, help desks, live chat support, interactive voice response/recognition (IVR), text, email, web sites, remote monitoring and social media.
Financial and Insurance
For over 50 years we have provided highly valued customer retention solutions and growth strategies to some of Canada’s largest financial and insurance organizations.
Automotive
Since 1989, we have helped maximize vehicle owner satisfaction and strengthen customer loyalty by providing roadside assistance under OEM new car and extended warranties for over 64% of all new vehicles sold in Canada. We also provide private-labeled programs, dealer inspection programs, and branded finance- and insurance-related services, ensuring consistent, seamless, exemplary service throughout North America.
Workplace Solutions
We believe that healthy employees are motivated and highly productive employees, which is why we deliver an integrated suite of solutions to help people stay happy and healthy at work. Our healthcare solutions include various types of counseling, a virtual company nurse, employee assistance programs and attendance support programs. Stakeholder agnostic, our solutions work just as well when sponsored by the employer, a union or a third party such as an insurance company. When it comes to the employee experience, we deliver on our promise of REAL PEOPLE. REAL SOLUTIONS.®
More Resources
VideoRelatedThe Future of CX & AI With Dave Pearson
VideoRelatedRobots Taking Over Customer Care? Not Quite.
Thought LeadershipRelatedUsing AI Can Help Create More Human Customer Experiences
Case StudyRelatedAutomated Intelligence Creates Upsell Opportunities
Case StudyRelatedPeople & Data Intelligence Create Powerful Digital Transformations
We Can Help
Your business has unique needs. See the difference a customized solution can make to your customer retention and satisfaction as well as your bottom line.
CONTACT US
Follow Us on Social Media
Company Investor Relations
Leadership
Sustainability
News
How We Help Outsourcing
Holistic CX
Service to Sales
Extend Your Brand
Digital Transformation
Industries Served Communications
Energy & Utilities
Financial Services
Healthcare
Insurance Services
Retail
Small & Medium Businesses
Technology
Travel
More Information Locations
CareersContact
Sykes Enterprises, Incorporated is a leading provider of multichannel demand generation and customer engagement services for Global 2000 companies and their end customers. SYKES’ differentiated full lifecycle solutions and services — digital marketing, sales expertise, customer service, technical support and more through multichannel delivery platforms — effectively engage customers at every touchpoint of the customer journey. Our complete service offering helps clients acquire, retain and increase the lifetime value of their customer relationships through cost-effective solutions that enhance the customer service experience, promote stronger brand loyalty, and foster high levels of performance and profitability.
Terms of Use | Privacy & Cookies | Standards of Conduct | Accessibility
SYKES Family of Companies Learn More
Copyright © 2020 Sykes Enterprises, Incorporated
Company
About Us
Awards
Board of Directors
Employee Spotlight
Investor Relations
Leadership
News
Sustainability
SYKES Institute
How We Help
Outsourcing
Talent Acquisition
Talent Development
Transaction Handling
Coaching and Engagement
Delivery Models
Work At Home
Risk Management
Technology Platform
Holistic CX
Intelligent CX Innovations
Insight Analytics
Multi-Channel Solutions
Social Media Care
Chat Support
Service to Sales
Sales Through Service
Customer Selection
Customer Acquisition
Customer Retention
Extend Your Brand
Customer Growth
Digital Marketing & Inbound Sales
Sykes Assistance Services
Social Media Care
Digital Transformation
Supercharge Workforce
Drive Growth With Better CX
Reduce Operating Costs
Industries
Communications
Energy & Utilities
Financial Services
Healthcare
Insurance Services
Retail
Small & Medium Businesses
Technology
Travel
Locations
Asia Pacific
Australia
China
India
Philippines
Europe Middle East & Africa
Cyprus
Denmark
Egypt
Finland
Germany
Hungary
Norway
Romania
Sweden
United Kingdom
Latin America
Brazil
Colombia
Costa Rica
El Salvador
Mexico
North America
Canada
United States
Careers
Resources
Blog
Case Studies
E-Books
Fact Sheets
Glossary
OnBrand
OneTAKE
Reports
SYKES Quarterly
Thought Leadership
Videos
Webinars
White Papers
Investor Relations
Contact
This website uses first- and third-party cookies to improve your viewing experience and help us understand how our website is being used. By continuing to explore our website, you agree to our use of cookies. Click here for more information on our Cookie Policy and Privacy Policy.
Accept All Cookies
Privacy Policy
Strictly Necessary Cookies
3rd Party Cookies
Powered by  GDPR Cookie Compliance
Privacy Policy
This website uses first- and third-party cookies to improve your viewing experience and help us understand how our website is being used. By continuing to explore our website, you agree to our use of cookies.
View Privacy PoliciesTerms of Use
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
disable
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
3rd Party Cookies
This website uses Google Analytics to collect anonymous information such as the number of visitors to the site, and the most popular pages.
Keeping this cookie enabled helps us to improve our website.
disable
Please enable Strictly Necessary Cookies first so that we can save your preferences!
Enable All
Save Settings