http://www.generalblue.com/privacy
Privacy Policy
LIMITED USE OF CONTACT OR PERSONAL INFORMATION
No contact or personal information will be sold to third parties. No contact information will be used for any purpose unless authorized by your explicit consent except as stated herein: Occasionally we may use your contact information to offer additional value through the opportunity to provide us with input via surveys that will help us improve our products and services and to provide you with marketing information regarding our services. Personal data may be exchanged with partnering firms when you elect to enroll or purchase their services, however you will be notified prior to the sharing of your data. Your personal information is used to verify your accounts with your financial institutions and to provide you with access to the services you are requesting. Information requested may include name, social security number, account number, mother’s maiden name and personal identification number (PIN).
USE OF COOKIES
General Blue Corporation uses cookies to provide online services, collect site data to enable continuous improvements to the operation of the site. By continuing your visit the website, you consent to the use of cookies. You may however disable cookies but may prevent the use of services and features within this site.
SHARING OF INFORMATION WITH THIRD PARTIES
You have the right to refuse any information, however refusal of information may or may not limit the service or service functions available to you. This information is not shared with third parties except as required to fulfill the services you have requested.
CUSTOMER PROPERTY
Customer intellectual capital, work product, project plans, competitive information collected, presented in our services and stored on our databases is confidential and secured from legal view by third parties or other customers using our services. General Blue Corporation does not review the content of your intellectual capital for any purpose except in the case of system testing and system improvement.
MINORS
Because of the financial nature of some of our services and in an effort to protect minors, our Web sites are not designed to appeal to children under the age of 13 for those specific services. Therefore, no attempts are made to knowingly solicit or receive any information from children, unless the specific service is designated and authorized by the customer controlling account owner/manager. Our sites may gather and use information automatically for security purposes and service improvement.
DISCLOSURES
In some cases, we may be required to disclose certain information to comply with a legal process, such as a court order, subpoena or search warrant. No information will be disclosed to law enforcement officials or any other government agency unless required by law.