http://www.blytheco.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to the content
Blytheco Privacy
Blytheco respects your preferences concerning the collection and use of your personal information. The following privacy policies are tailored for the different ways your personal information may be collected, used, shared, and processed by different Blytheco lines of business:
The Blytheco General Privacy Policy addresses information we collect in connection with your use of our websites and mobile applications, your interactions with Blytheco and in the context of our offline sales and marketing activities, including Bellwether Magazine.
The Services Privacy Policy describes our privacy and security practices that apply when handling (i) services personal information to perform Consulting, Technical Support, and other services on behalf of Blytheco customers; and (ii) personal information contained in systems operation data generated by the interaction of users of these services with Blytheco systems and networks.
The Blytheco Recruiting Privacy Policy addresses information we may collect in connection with Blytheco’s online and offline recruiting efforts.
Blytheco General Privacy Policy
Last Updated June 11, 2018
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy, we provide this notice explaining our online information practices. Please read this privacy statement closely. You accept the terms of this privacy statement by continuing to use Blytheco’s products and services.
Policy
Blytheco will never sell, rent, barter, trade, distribute or lease personal information to outside parties unless Blytheco obtains customer permission or disclosure as required by law.
Purpose
Blytheco uses the information customers provide only to the extent necessary to offer our services to our customers. Blytheco believes in both minimizing the data that is collected and limiting its use and purpose to only that: 1) for which we have been given permission by customers, 2) as necessary to deliver our services, and 3) as we might be required or permitted for legal, compliance or other lawful purposes.
The only individually identifiable information that Blytheco collects about you is that which you choose to share with us in registration, such as your name, billing address, email address, phone, usernames and passwords. This information will be closely protected and used for internal purposes only. Blytheco uses return email addresses to answer the email Blytheco receives. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties. Blytheco will never willfully release your personal information to any third party unless you direct us to do so or disclosure is required by law. Blytheco also may collect personal information when you request assistance from our customer support team (e.g., phone number, email address) and may collect additional information that you choose to share with our customer support team.
Blytheco also collects information to evaluate aggregate site usage. Blytheco may automatically collect certain usage information from customers, such as Internet Protocol (“IP”) addresses, log files, unique device identifiers, pages viewed, browser type, any links you click on to leave or interact with our services and other usage information collected from cookies and other tracking technologies as noted below. For example, we collect IP addresses to track and aggregate non-personal information, such as using IP addresses to monitor the regions from which users navigate to our services. We also collect IP addresses from users when they log into their Blytheco databases as part of our log-in process and for enhanced identity authentication and authorization security.
Blytheco’s services may change over time and we may introduce new features that may collect new or different types of information.
Cookies
There is a technology called “cookies” which can be used to provide tailored information from a website. A cookie is an element of data that a website can send to your browser, which may then be stored on your system. A “cookie” marks and identifies visitors on an internet site to allow customers to enter customized information and have it available on subsequent visits. Blytheco pages may use cookies so that Blytheco can provide a customer with access to information when a customer returns to Blytheco’s website.
Although there has been debate over the privacy implications of cookies, it is important for Blytheco customers to know that cookies do not read your hard drive, nor can cookies be used to reveal new information about you that you have not elected to reveal. Blytheco may use cookies to log your activity on the site. Everything Blytheco learns from these logs will be used to enrich our users’ experiences on our site. It will help Blytheco understand what you like and don’t like, so Blytheco can focus its energies more effectively and provide you with better service. Please note that your web browser settings may be adjusted to limit or prohibit this and other websites from placing cookies.
Security
Blytheco is committed to protecting the security of your personal information. We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. For example, we store the personal information you provide on computer systems with limited access, which are in controlled facilities.
If a password is used to help protect your accounts and personal information, it is your responsibility to keep your password confidential. Do not share this information with anyone. If you are sharing a computer with anyone you should always choose to log out before leaving a site or service to protect access to your information from subsequent users.
Connecting or Linking with Third Party services
We work with other companies or developers who provide products and services that you may choose to sync, link, or otherwise connect with your database. If you choose to make use of such related products or services, we may exchange that information, including your personal information, information from your database, and information about how you interact with each company’s service or product with one or more third parties. This routine exchange of information is necessary to maintain business operations and to provide the requested services.
Data Retention
In accordance with and as permitted by applicable law and regulations, we may retain your information as long as necessary to serve you, to maintain your account for as long as your account is active, or as otherwise needed to operate our business.
When your account expires or becomes disabled, Blytheco may retain information about our customers as required by applicable regulations and to comply with our legal and reporting obligations, resolve disputes, enforce our agreements, complete any outstanding transactions and for the detection and prevention of fraud.
Your Access Rights
Applicable law may give users certain rights to access personal information about them, and to limit use and disclosure of their personal information. Blytheco is committed to respecting those rights. If you wish to request access, to limit use, or to limit disclosure, please contact us at privacy@blytheco.com and please provide the name of the Blytheco customer who submitted your personal information to our services. We will refer your requests to that customer and will support them as needed in responding to your request.
Communications Preferences and Opt-Out
As a result of providing your contact information, Blytheco may market to you, including sending promotional communications and relevant offers. To opt-out of receiving marketing-related communications from Blytheco, please click on the “opt-out” link in the communication. Please note that if you do opt-out of receiving marketing-related emails from us, we may still use your email address to send you important administrative messages.
Changes to This Privacy Statement
We will occasionally update this privacy statement to reflect changes in our services and customer feedback. When we post changes to this Statement, we will revise the “last updated” date at the top of this statement. If there are material changes to this statement or in how Blytheco will use your personal information, we will notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes prior to implementing the change or by directly sending you a notification. We encourage you to periodically review this statement to be informed of how Blytheco is protecting your information.
Contacting Us
Blytheco welcomes your comments regarding this privacy statement. If you have questions about this statement or believe that we have not adhered to it, please contact us via email at privacy@blytheco.com or by mail at: Blytheco Privacy, 23161 Mill Creek Dr., Suite 200, Laguna Hills, CA 92653.© 2020 Blytheco. All rights reserved.
Services Privacy Policy
Last Updated June 11, 2018
This Blytheco Services Privacy Policy describes the privacy and security practices that Blytheco and its affiliates employ when handling services Personal information for the provision of Technical Support, Consulting, or other services provided to Blytheco customers during the term of your order for services. services Personal information is personal information that is provided by you, resides on Blytheco, customer, or third-party systems and environments, and is processed by Blytheco on your behalf to perform the services. System Operations Data Processing Terms describes the privacy and security practices that apply to personal information that may be incidentally contained in Systems Operation Data that is generated by the interaction of (end-)users of our services with the Blytheco systems and networks used to monitor, safeguard, and deliver services to our customer base. Systems Operations Data may include log files, event files, and other trace and diagnostic files, as well as statistical and aggregated information that relates to the use and operation of our services, and the systems and networks these services run on. Communications and Notifications to Customers and Users applies to both services Personal information and personal information contained in Systems Operations Data, describes how Blytheco handles legally required disclosure requests.
The definitions of services Personal information and Systems Operations Data do not include your contact and related information collected from the use of Blytheco websites, or your interactions with us during the contracting process. Blytheco’s handling of this information is subject to the terms of the General Blytheco Privacy Policy.
Services Personal information Data Processing Terms
Blytheco treats all services Personal information in accordance with the terms of this Policy. In the event of any conflict between the terms of this services Privacy Policy and any privacy terms incorporated into your order for services, the relevant privacy terms of your order for services shall take precedence.
Blytheco may process services Personal information for the processing activities necessary to perform the services, including for testing and applying new product or system versions, patches, updates and upgrades, and resolving bugs and other issues you have reported to Blytheco.
You are the controller of the services Personal information processed by Blytheco to perform the services. Blytheco will process your services Personal information as specified in your services order and your documented additional written instructions to the extent necessary for Blytheco to (i) comply with its processor obligations under applicable data protection law or (ii) assist you to comply with your controller obligations under applicable data protection law relevant to your use of the services. Blytheco will promptly inform you if, in our reasonable opinion, your instruction infringes applicable data protection law. Additional fees may apply.
You control access to Your services Personal information by your end users, and your end users should direct any requests related to their services Personal information to you. To the extent such access is not available to you, Blytheco will provide reasonable assistance with requests from individuals to access, delete or erase, restrict, rectify, receive and transmit, block access to or object to processing of services Personal information on Blytheco systems. Blytheco has implemented and will maintain technical and organizational measures designed to prevent accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure of, or access to services Personal information.
Blytheco employees are required to maintain the confidentiality of personal information. Employees' obligations include written confidentiality agreements, regular training on information protection, and compliance with company policies concerning protection of confidential information. Additional details regarding the specific security measures that apply to the services are set out in the security practices for these services, including regarding data retention and deletion. Blytheco promptly evaluates and responds to incidents that create suspicion of or indicate unauthorized access to or handling of services Personal information.
If Blytheco becomes aware and determines that an incident involving services Personal information qualifies as a breach of security leading to the misappropriation or accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure of, or access to, services Personal information transmitted, stored or otherwise processed on Blytheco systems that compromises the security, confidentiality or integrity of such services Personal information, Blytheco will report such breach to you without undue delay. As information regarding the breach is collected or otherwise reasonably becomes available to Blytheco and to the extent permitted by law, Blytheco will provide you with additional relevant information concerning the breach reasonably known or available to Blytheco.
To the extent Blytheco engages third party sub processors to have access to services Personal information to assist in the provision of services, such sub processors shall be subject to the same level of data protection and security as Blytheco under the terms of your order for services. Blytheco is responsible for its sub processors’ compliance with the terms of your order for services. Blytheco maintains lists of Blytheco Affiliates and sub processors that may process services Personal information.
To the extent provided in your order for services, you may at your sole expense audit Blytheco’s compliance with the terms of this services Privacy Policy by sending Blytheco a written request, including a detailed audit plan, at least six weeks in advance of the proposed audit date. You and Blytheco will work cooperatively to agree on a final audit plan.
The audit shall be conducted no more than once during a twelve-month period, during regular business hours, subject to Blytheco’s on-site policies and regulations, and may not unreasonably interfere with business activities. If You would like to use a third party to conduct the audit, the third-party auditor shall be mutually agreed to by the parties and the third-party auditor must execute a written confidentiality agreement acceptable to Blytheco. Upon completion of the audit, you will provide Blytheco with a copy of the audit report, which is classified as confidential information under the terms of Your agreement with Blytheco.
Blytheco will contribute to such audits by providing you with the information and assistance reasonably necessary to conduct the audit, including any relevant records of processing activities applicable to the services. If the requested audit scope is addressed in a SOC 1 or SOC 2, ISO, NIST, PCI DSS, HIPAA or similar audit report issued by a qualified third-party auditor within the prior twelve months and Blytheco provides such report to you confirming there are no known material changes in the controls audited, you agree to accept the findings presented in the third-party audit report in lieu of requesting an audit of the same controls covered by the report. Additional audit terms may be included in your order for services.
Except as otherwise specified in an order for services or required by law, upon termination of services or at your request, Blytheco will delete your production customer data located on Blytheco computers in a manner designed to ensure that they cannot reasonably be accessed or read, unless there is a legal obligation imposed on Blytheco preventing it from deleting all or part of the data. You may consult with your Blytheco services contact for additional information on data deletion prior to service completion.
Systems Operations Data Processing Terms
Blytheco and its affiliated entities are responsible for processing personal information that may be incidentally contained in Systems Operations Data. We may collect or generate Systems Operations Data for the following purposes:
to help keep our services secure, including for security monitoring and identity management;
to investigate and prevent potential fraud or illegal activities involving our systems and networks, including to prevent cyber-attacks and to detect bots;
to administer our back-up disaster recovery plans and policies;
to confirm compliance with licensing and other terms of use (license compliance monitoring);
for research and development purposes, including to analyze, develop, improve and optimize our services;
to comply with applicable laws and regulations and to operate our business, including to comply with legally mandated reporting, disclosure or other legal process requests, for mergers and acquisitions, finance and accounting, archiving and insurance purposes, legal and business consulting and in the context of dispute resolution.
For personal information contained in Systems Operations Data collected in the EU, our legal basis for processing such information is our legitimate interest in performing, maintaining and securing our products and services and operating our business in an efficient and appropriate manner. Personal information may also be processed based on our legal obligations or legitimate interest to comply with such legal obligations.
Sharing Personal information
Personal information contained in Systems Operations Data may be shared throughout Blytheco's organization. A list of Blytheco entities is available as indicated above.We may also share such personal information with the following third parties:
third-party service providers (for example IT service providers, lawyers and auditors) for those service providers to perform business functions on behalf of Blytheco;
relevant third parties in the event of a reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets or stock (including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings);
as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena or other legal process, when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to government requests, including public and government authorities outside your country of residence, for national security and/or law enforcement purposes.
When third parties are given access to personal information contained in Systems Operations Data, we will take the appropriate contractual, technical, and organizational measures to ensure, for example, that personal information is only processed to the extent that such processing is necessary, consistent with this Privacy Policy and in accordance with applicable law.
Security
Blytheco has implemented appropriate technical, physical, and organizational measures in accordance with the Blytheco Corporate Security Practices designed to protect personal information against accidental or unlawful destruction or accidental loss, damage, alteration, unauthorized disclosure, or access as well as all other forms of unlawful processing (including, but not limited to, unnecessary collection) or further processing.
User Choices
To the extent provided under applicable laws, Users may request to access, correct, update, or delete personal information contained in Systems Operations Data in certain cases, or otherwise exercise their choices regarding their personal information by contacting Blytheco at privacy@blytheco.com.
Communications and Notifications to Customers and Users
Blytheco may be required to provide access to services Personal information and to personal information contained in Systems Operations Data as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena or other legal process, when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect a user’s safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to government requests, including public and government authorities outside a user’s country of residence, for national security and/or law enforcement purposes.
Blytheco will promptly inform you of requests to provide access to services Personal information, unless otherwise required by law.
Contacting Us
Blytheco welcomes your comments regarding this privacy statement. If you have questions about this statement or believe that we have not adhered to it, please contact us via email at privacy@blytheco.com or by mail: Blytheco Privacy, 23161 Mill Creek Dr., Suite 200, Laguna Hills, CA 92653.© 2020 Blytheco. All rights reserved.
Blytheco Recruiting Privacy Policy
Last Updated June 11, 2018
This Blytheco Recruiting Privacy Policy (Privacy Policy) describes the privacy and security practices that Blytheco, its subsidiaries, and affiliates employ when collecting, using, and handling (processing) personal information about you in connection with our online and offline recruitment activities. It also explains the choices you have in relation to these processing activities.
Personal information means all information that relates to an identified individual or to an identifiable individual. For example, your name, address, email address, educational and employment background, resume, and job qualifications. Personal information is also referred to as information about you.
Scope
This Privacy Policy applies to Blytheco’s processing of personal information of job applicants in connection with Blytheco’s career portal, and Blytheco’s recruiting activities more generally, conducted both offline and online via third-party websites.
For additional information about our processing activities in connection with your general use of Blytheco websites and our use of cookies and similar technologies that is outside the scope of this Privacy Policy, please see our General Privacy Policy.
Information Processing
Blytheco, its subsidiaries, and its affiliates are responsible for processing your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy.
We process personal information that you provide directly to us, such as when you register on our website, submit a job application on the sites or at a recruiting event, or when we conduct a phone or in-person interview. We may also receive personal information about you from other sources, such as from persons you indicate as a reference, persons who referred you for a position, in connection with background or employment checks, and from third party recruitment sources, including third-party sites.
Blytheco may process the following categories of personal information for our recruitment activities:
name and contact details
educational background
employment background
job qualifications and work eligibility
jobs in which you have expressed an interest or for which you would like to apply
Resume or transcripts, and any supporting documentation such as copies of certificates and diplomas
employment references
compensation information
background check information, such as a verification of your educational and professional background, and other relevant information subject to Blytheco policies and applicable laws
certain types of sensitive personal information
How We Use Your Personal Information
We use personal information for the following purposes:
to communicate with you and respond to your requests or application
for recruitment, evaluation, and hiring purposes
to comply with applicable laws and regulations and to operate our business
If you get in touch with us (for example, through contact forms on the sites, contact with our recruiters at events or social media platforms) we process information about you to communicate with you about your application or job interests. For example, we may update you on the status of your application, inform you about new vacancies or invite you for recruitment activities such as a phone screening or in-person interview.
We process information about you to connect the right job applicant with the right job at Blytheco and evaluate whether you are the right applicant for a position. We may therefore include information about you in our recruitment database to manage Blytheco’s candidate selection and recruiting processes. If you are selected for a position at Blytheco, information about you will also be used to facilitate the hiring process. Please be aware that, as part of the hiring process, you will be requested to participate in a background check.
When you choose to register with us to set up a Blytheco account, we need to process your personal information so that we can create and administer your personal account. Upon creating your account, we will send you your personal login information. This personal information enables us to administer your account (such as authenticating your access or changing your password at your request).
In some cases, we may process information about you to comply with applicable laws and regulations, such as legally mandated reporting or other legal process requests. We may also process information about you in the performance and organization of our business and internal management, for example to conduct audits and investigations, for mergers and acquisitions, finance and accounting, archiving and insurance purposes and in the context of dispute resolution.
Retaining Personal information
Blytheco maintains your personal information if you have created an account on the website, your account information will be retained for as long as you maintain an active account. Your account will be deemed inactive, and your account information may be deleted, after seven (7) years of inactivity. Blytheco will also retain your personal information related to your application for a position (such as your curriculum vitae/resume or the position to which you applied) for up to seven (7) years from the date you applied (unless a longer or shorter period is required by applicable law).
To the extent permitted or required by law, Blytheco may delete your personal information at any time. As a result, you should retain your own copy of any information you submit to us.
Sharing Personal information
Blytheco employees are authorized to access personal information only to the extent necessary to serve the applicable purpose and to perform their jobs. Where necessary, we share personal information with third-party service providers (for example, website management, payroll and retirement providers, information technology and related infrastructure provision, background or employment check service providers, auditing, and other similar services) for those service providers to perform business functions on behalf of Blytheco. Blytheco also shares information as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena or other legal process, when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to government requests for national security and/or law enforcement purposes.
When third parties are given access to your personal information, we require them to abide by contractual, technical and organizational measures designed to ensure that your personal information is processed only to the extent that such processing is necessary, consistent with this Privacy Policy, and in accordance with applicable law.
Blytheco has implemented appropriate technical, physical and organizational measures designed to protect your personal information against accidental or unlawful destruction or accidental loss, damage, alteration, unauthorized disclosure or access as well as all other forms of unlawful processing (including, but not limited to, unnecessary collection) or further processing.
Blytheco does not request or require and asks that you do not send us any sensitive personal information concerning racial or ethnic origin, religion or philosophical beliefs, health, sexual orientation, or political affiliation in connection with your job application and our recruiting efforts. To the extent information you do provide to us contains sensitive information, for example details of your racial or ethnic origin, political opinions or beliefs, religious beliefs, membership in a trade union or political party, physical or mental health or condition, sexual orientation, commission or alleged commission of an offense or related proceedings, job evaluations or educational records, you explicitly authorize Blytheco to process this personal information as described in this Privacy Policy.
Additionally, if you have a disability and would like Blytheco to consider any accommodation, you may provide that information during the recruiting process. However, we do not require applicants to provide this information in connection with their job application and our recruiting efforts, and if you choose to provide this information as part of our equal opportunity program, it will not be viewable or otherwise used in the hiring or selection process.
Your Responsibilities
You are responsible for the personal information that you provide or make available to Blytheco, and you must ensure it is relevant, truthful, accurate and not misleading in any way. You must ensure that the information provided does not contain material that is obscene, defamatory, or infringing on any rights of any third party; does not contain malicious code; and is not otherwise legally actionable. Further, if you provide any personal information concerning any other person, such as individuals you provide as references, you are responsible for providing any notices and obtaining any consents necessary for Blytheco to collect and use that information as described in this Privacy Policy.
Contacting Us
Blytheco welcomes your comments regarding this privacy statement. If you have questions about this statement or believe that we have not adhered to it, please contact us via email at privacy@blytheco.com or by mail at: Blytheco Privacy, 23161 Mill Creek Dr., Suite 200, Laguna Hills, CA 92653.© 2020 Blytheco. All rights reserved.
Cookie Notice
Find out more about how this website uses cookies to enhance your browsing experience.
Accept Cookies