http://www.smarthome.com/pages/california-consumer-privacy-act
Free Shipping on Orders Over $199 - Exclusions Apply --> Click for Details
Insteon
Hubs, Software & InterfacesSwitchesKeypadsOutletsSecurityThermostatOther DevicesAccessoriesLighting
SwitchesOutletsPlug-InsBulbsRemote ControlsAccessoriesTemperature
ThermostatsVentsAccessoriesCameras
SurveillanceDoorbellAccessoriesSecurity
SystemsSensorsSirensAccessoriesDoor Locks
Hands-FreeKeypadsFingerprintGarage DoorMore Home Control
Home MaintenanceHome TheaterGaragePlumbingWindow CoveringsOutdoor LivingIrrigationPetsHubs
Voice AssistantsControllersInterfacesSoftwareBlog
NewsBuyer's GuidesProduct ReviewsTips & TricksHoliday Hot Deals
Privacy Notice for California Residents
Effective Date: December 10, 2020
Last Reviewed on: December 10, 2020
This Privacy Notice for California Residents supplements the information contained in our Privacy Policy and applies solely to all visitors, users, and others who reside in the State of California ("consumers" or "you"). We adopt this notice to comply with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA) and any terms defined in the CCPA have the same meaning when used in this notice. Smartlabs, Inc. is the parent company of Smarthome® and Insteon®. By visiting www.smarthome.com, blog.smarthome.com, forum.smarthome.com, www.insteon.com, forum.insteon.com, shop.insteon.com, or www.smartlabsinc.com (the "Websites"), you consent to the practices described in our Privacy Policy and this Privacy Notice.
To exercise your rights to for data access, data deletion, or opt-out under the CCPA, you can
email customerservice@smartlabsinc.com,
call 800.762.7846 or 949.221.9200, or
fill out the form on the Smartlabs, Inc. website
Personal Information We Collect and Share
Our Websites collect information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or device ("personal information").
We may disclose your personal information to a third party for a business purpose. When we disclose personal information for a business purpose, we enter a contract that describes the purpose and requires the recipient to both keep that personal information confidential and not use it for any purpose except performing the contract.
The table below summarizes the various categories of personal information we may have collected from consumers and whether we have shared and/or sold this information within the last twelve (12) months:
Category of information
Description and examples
Collected?
Shared?
Sold?
Identifiers
Real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier Internet Protocol (IP) address, email address, account name, social security number, driver's license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers
Yes1
Yes
No
Personal information described in California Civil Code Section 1798.80(e)
Your name, driver's license, social security number, user name and password, health/medical information, signature, physical description, payment card number and/or other financial information
Yes1
Yes
No
Commercial information
Products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies
Yes1,2
Yes
No
Internet/electronic activity
Browsing history, search history, and information regarding a California resident's interaction with an internet web site, application, or advertisement
Yes2
Yes
No
Geolocation
Physical location or movements, latitude & longitude
Yes1,2
Yes
No
Inferences from the foregoing
Yes1,2
No
No
Sources of information collected: 1Information provided by you 2Information collected automatically by your interactions with our Websites 3Information received from other parties
Note: Personal Information does not include "publicly available information" as defined in the CCPA.
We partner with Rakuten Advertising, who may collect personal information when you interact with our site. The collection and use of this information is subject to the privacy policy located here.
Use of Personal Information
We may use, sell, or disclose the personal information we collect for the reasons indicated in our Privacy Policy.
Sales of Personal Information
In the preceding twelve (12) months, we have not sold personal information.
Your Rights and Choices
The CCPA provides consumers (California residents) with specific rights regarding their personal information. This section describes your CCPA rights and explains how to exercise those rights.
Access to Specific Information and Data Portability Rights
You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will disclose to you:
The categories of personal information we collected about you.
The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you.
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal information.
The categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information.
The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you (also called a data portability request).
If we sold or disclosed your personal information for a business purpose, two separate lists disclosing:
sales, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient purchased; and
disclosures for a business purpose, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient obtained.
Deletion Request Rights
You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies.
We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service provider(s) to:
Complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform our contract with you.
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities.
Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law.
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 et. seq.).
Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information's deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research's achievement, if you previously provided informed consent.
Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us.
Comply with a legal obligation.
Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.
Personal Information Sales Opt-Out and Opt-In Rights
If you are 16 years of age or older, you have the right to direct us to not sell your personal information at any time (the "right to opt-out"). We do not sell the personal information of consumers we actually know are less than 16 years of age, unless we receive affirmative authorization (the "right to opt-in") from either the consumer who is between 13 and 16 years of age, or the parent or guardian of a consumer less than 13 years of age. Consumers who opt-in to personal information sales may opt-out of future sales at any time. To exercise the right to opt-out, you (or your authorized representative) may submit a request to us as indicated in the next section (Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights).
Once you make an opt-out request, we will wait at least twelve (12) months before asking you to reauthorize personal information sales. However, you may change your mind and opt back in to personal information sales at any time by contacting us. We will only use personal information provided in an opt-out request to review and comply with the request.
Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights
To exercise the access, data portability, and deletion rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us by one of the methods indicated below. Only you, or a person registered with the California Secretary of State that you authorize to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child.
You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month period. The verifiable consumer request must:
Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative.
Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
To exercise your rights to for data access, data deletion, or opt-out under the CCPA, you can
email customerservice@smartlabsinc.com,
call 800.762.7846 or 949.221.9200, or
fill out the form on the Smartlabs, Inc. website
Please note that we cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you. We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor's identity or authority to make the request.
Response Timing and Format
We do our best to respond to a verifiable consumer request within 10 business days of its receipt; CCPA regulations permit up to forty-five (45) days. If we require more time (up to 45 additional days are permitted), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing. We will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option. Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the verifiable consumer request's receipt. The response we provide will also explain the reason(s) we cannot comply with a request, if applicable. For data portability requests, we will select a format to provide your personal information that is readily usable and should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance, specifically by electronic mail communication.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
Non-Discrimination
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not:
Deny you goods or services.
Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties.
Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services.
Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
However, we may offer you certain financial incentives permitted by the CCPA that can result in different prices, rates, or quality levels. Any CCPA-permitted financial incentive we offer will reasonably relate to your personal information's value and contain written terms that describe the program's material aspects. Participation in a financial incentive program requires your prior opt in consent, which you may revoke at any time.
California's "Shine the Light" law (Civil Code Section § 1798.83) permits users of our Websites that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please email customerservice@smartlabsinc.com.
Changes to Our Privacy Notice
We reserve the right to amend this Privacy Notice at our discretion and at any time. When we make changes to this Privacy Notice, we will post the updated notice on the Websites and update the notice's effective date. Your continued use of our Websites following the posting of changes constitutes your acceptance of such changes.
Contact Information
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Notice, the ways in which we collect and use your information as described above and in our Privacy Policy, or your choices and rights under CCPA regarding such use, please do not hesitate to contact us
by email: customerservice@smartlabsinc.com
by phone: 800.762.7846 or 949.221.9200
Subscribe to our newsletter
Subscribe now to get the latest & greatest news on smart home products & receive special offers only for our newsletter subscribers.
100% free, Unsubscribe any time!
FREE SHIPPING
On Orders Over $199
SATISFIED OR REFUNDED
30-Day No Hassle Return Policy
TOP-NOTCH SUPPORT
Available Monday - Friday
TRUSTED ADVISOR
Over 25 Years In Business