http://www.calgarybackup.com/privacy/
Remote Data Backup
Remote Data Backup
Online Backup
Data Recovery
Pricing
Downloads
Features
FAQ
Privacy
Articles
About
Privacy
Our Commitment To Privacy
Calgary Backup values your right to privacy and takes care to keep your personal identifying, company identifying and security information safe, secure and confidential. We do not share any specific security information. When used in the course of scientific or research purposes, all reasonable identifying information is removed.
Calgary Backup is certified as compliant with the Canadian Bill C6 provisions as well as the U.S. Department of Commerce under the “Safe Harbor Agreement” with the European Union. Calgary Backup observes all PIPEDA (Personal Information Protection and Electronics Documents Act) requirements. For more information on PIPEDA and Bill C6, see:
http://e-com.ic.gc.ca/english/privacy/index.html
and
http://www.privcom.gc.ca/legislation/02_06_01_01_e.asp .
Logged Files and Cookies
The Calgary Backup Web site logs IP addresses and browser types for systems administration purposes and these logs will be analyzed to constantly improve the value of the materials available on the website. We do not link IP addresses to anything personally identifiable. This means that a user’s session will be tracked, but the user will be anonymous.
Calgary Backup sets a permanent cookie that is in no way related to any personally identifiable information upon completion of the registration form. This is to allow users to bypass the form in the future. The sites also use session cookies that track server-side data, and these cookies are terminated once the user closes their browser. If a user rejects the cookie, they may still use our site. We do not use cookies to track and target our users in any way, nor do we collect this information.
How We Use Information
Calgary Backup does not resell or share with other companies or entities any personal identifying, corporate identifying, or demographic information gained through this process in any way, except by our characterizations of types of companies or participants in the aggregate. Calgary Backup does use this demographic and contact information for its own, internal communications, marketing efforts and sales efforts unless you specifically choose otherwise.
All agents and contractors have agreed to hold all information in confidence, not use it for any purpose except to carry out the service they are providing Calgary Backup, and honor our privacy and security policies in the way this information is handled.
For the purpose of better target marketing, we do enhance our information with rented and bought lists of prospects. This information is used for marketing purposes only, and is not resold or shared with any outside vendors.
We do not sell or share email addresses or any other visitor information with third parties. Email addresses and other volunteered information is kept confidential.
We use the information you provide to ship various items (literature, reports, CDs etc..) and to confirm delivery. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that process.
We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.
Please be advised that in certain instances, it may be necessary for Calgary Backup to disclose your personal information to government officials or otherwise as required by our legal obligations.
How To Opt-Out/Unsubscribe
Our users are given the opportunity to ‘opt-out’ of having their information used for purposes not directly related to our site at the point where we ask for the information. For example, our registration form has an ‘opt-out’ option so users who download material from the site, but don’t wish to receive any marketing material , can keep their email off of our internal lists.
Users who no longer wish to receive information, material or newsletters from us may ‘opt-out’ at any time by sending an email to unsubscribe@calgarybackup.com with the subject line of “UNSUBSCRIBE”.
How To Access Or Correct Your Information
Calgary Backup believes in maintaining accurate and up-to-date personal information as well as providing people with access to Calgary Backup personnel when necessary. Individuals can make inquiries, complaints, review or change their data by contacting us at support@calgarybackup.com. Calgary Backup will insure that this information is securely transmitted.
Our Commitment To Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Copyright © 2002-2020 CalgaryBackup.com. All Rights Reserved. We use workflow management software by Comindware.