https://www.zelis.com/privacy-policy/
Top
Jump To
Contact Us
ZELIS PRIVACY & USAGE POLICY
INTRODUCTION
Zelis Healthcare Inc. (together with its affiliates “Zelis”) values its customers and respects their privacy. This Privacy and Usage Policy applies to personal information that we collect about you in the United States, including but not limited to data collected through Zelis’ Websites and/or mobile applications (collectively the “Website”). This information is used to improve your experience and to communicate with you about our products, services and promotions. Neither your name nor any of your personal information is sold to any other non-affiliated company or agency. However, as described in greater detail below, we may share your information under certain circumstances with business partners that help this site function or assist us in fulfilling or servicing your needs, as well otherwise detailed below. We encourage you to freely communicate with us about questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy.
If applicable, personal information that we collect about you outside of the United States shall be governed by separate privacy policies.
This policy describes the personal information we collect about you, why we collect it, how we use it, and when we share it with third parties. Our policy also describes the choices you can make about how we collect and use certain information. If Zelis’ information practices change, we will post an updated policy on our Website. You can tell if the policy has changed by checking the revision date that appears on this policy. We shall not apply changes in our policy retroactively to information collected from you under a prior policy if, in the reasonable exercise of Zelis’ discretion, we determine that the changes substantively affect your rights, unless we have given you notice of the changes of the policy and an opportunity to opt out. We will provide this notice to you by email if we have a current email address for you and otherwise by posting notice of the change prominently on the home page of Zelis’ Website.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT & HOW WE USE IT
We sometimes ask you for certain kinds of personal information to provide the services we offer. By providing your personal information as set forth herein, you are authorizing Zelis to store and use your information accordingly. This information may include, but shall not be limited to:
DISCLOSURE WITH YOUR CONSENT
We may disclose your information with your advance consent to disclosure, which we may obtain in a number of ways, including:
In writing;
Verbally;
Online, by clicking on a link or button; or
Pushing buttons on a phone dial pad.
When applicable to fulfill a request related to your use of our Website(s) or our Service Offerings, we may share your personal information with third parties to fulfill such request(s) with your consent.
We may share your information with third parties as necessary to provide administrative, technical, operational and/or maintenance support related to Zelis’ Website(s) or Zelis’ Service Offerings. We may also share information with Zelis’ Related Entities, affiliates, agents, outside vendors or service providers to perform functions on our behalf. When a third party acts solely on Zelis’ behalf, we use our reasonable commercial efforts to require that party to follow the privacy practices stated in this Privacy Policy or have complementary privacy protections to protect your information. We do not share your information with unaffiliated third parties except as permitted to do so in this Privacy Policy.
DISCLOSURE WITHOUT YOUR CONSENT
In general, we may disclose your information without your consent to disclosure when we reasonably believe disclosure is appropriate in order to:
Comply with the law (e.g., lawful subpoena or court order);
Cooperate with or report to law enforcement agencies in investigations that involve users who use Zelis’ Website(s) or Service Offerings for activities that are or may be reasonably perceived as illegal or illegitimate activities;
Enforce or apply agreements that apply to Zelis’ Website(s) or Zelis’ Service Offerings; or
Enforce or protect Zelis’ rights or property or that of Zelis’ related entities and affiliates, including respective officers, directors, employees, agents, third-party content providers, suppliers, sponsors, or licensors (e.g., to address allegations about fraudulent or unlawful activity related to use of a Service Offering).
We may share your information between Zelis’ related entities where it is necessary to support, improve, develop or otherwise provide the Website(s) or Service Offerings to you.
DISCLOSURE RELATED TO BUSINESS EVENTS
Information about our Visitors and Clients, including personal information, may be disclosed as part of a merger, acquisition, public offering or sale of Zelis’ assets. It may also be disclosed in the unlikely event of insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership in which personally identifiable information would be transferred as one of the business assets of Zelis.
EMAIL LIST
You may also sign up on the Website to receive promotional emails or other informational content such as White Papers from Zelis. To sign up we may ask for information such as your name, email address, mailing address, telephone number, gender, age, birthday and preferences. Subscriptions to the email list can be cancelled at any time.
REMOVAL FROM LISTS
To be removed from our marketing list, please email us at inquiries@zelis.com. You may also click the unsubscribe button found at the bottom of the emails in order to be removed from emails that we send you. Please allow us at least ten (10) business days from when the request was received to complete the removal, as some of Zelis’ promotions may already have been in process before you submitted your request.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT BY AUTOMATED MEANS
COOKIES
We may collect information about your browser, including, where available, your IP address, operating system and browser type, for system administration. This is statistical data about how you browse Zelis’ Website.
We may obtain information about your general Internet usage by using a cookie file which is stored on the hard drive of your device. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your device’s hard drive.
Cookies help us to improve Zelis’ Website and to deliver a better and more customized service. They enable us:
To estimate usage numbers and patterns
To store information about your preferences, and to allow us to customize Zelis’ Website according to your individual interests.
To speed up your searches.
To recognize you when you return to Zelis’ Website.
You may refuse to accept cookies by activating the setting on your browser which allows you to refuse the setting of cookies. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the Website or unable to avail yourself of some of our services. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, Zelis’ system may issue cookies when you log on to Zelis’ Website. Additionally, if a browser is set to issue a “do not track” signal, we will not place tracking cookies on this browser.
PIXEL TAGS
We also use “pixel tags” (sometimes called “Internet tags”, “web beacons” or “clear GIFS”), which are tiny graphic images, on Zelis’ Website. Pixel tags help us analyze our customers’ online behavior and measure the effectiveness of Zelis’ Website and our advertising. We work with service providers that help us track, collect, and analyze this information.
Pixel tags on our Website may be used to collect information about your visit, including the pages you view, the features you use, the links you click, and other actions you take in connection with the Website. This information may include your device’s IP address, your browser type, your operating system, date and time information, and other technical information about your device. We may also track certain information about the identity of the Website you visited immediately before coming to Zelis’ site. We do not otherwise track any information about your use of other Websites.
Pixel tags and cookies in Zelis’ emails may be used to track your interactions with those messages, such as when you receive, open, or click a link in an email message from us.
We also work with business partners that use tracking technologies to deliver advertisements on Zelis’ behalf across the Internet. These companies may collect information about your visits to our Website, and your interaction with Zelis’ advertising and other communications.
We may combine the information we collect through cookies and pixel tags with other information we have collected from you. This information may be used to improve our Website, to personalize your online experience, to help us deliver information to you, to determine the effectiveness of Zelis’ advertising, and for other internal business purposes.
USE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We use the combined information we collect from you for various online purposes, including:
to process transactions upon their request.
to generally improve the content and layout of our Services;
to evaluate your experience with the Website;
to notify you about updates to our Services;
to contact you for marketing purposes;
to comply with Zelis’ legal obligations, policies and procedures and prevent, investigate, or provide notice of fraud, unlawful or criminal activity, or unauthorized access to or use of information, our Services or data systems; or for internal administrative and analytics purposes;
to investigate and resolve disputes and security issues and enforcing our Terms of Use and other agreements; and
any other lawful, legitimate business purpose.
OTHERS WITH WHOM WE MAY SHARE YOUR INFORMATION
SERVICE PROVIDERS
We may disclose information to outside companies that help us bring you the products and services we offer. For example, we may work with an outside company to: (a) manage a database of customer information; (b) assist us in distributing emails; (c) assist us with direct marketing and data collection; (d) provide us data storage and analysis; (e) provide fraud prevention; (f) provide customer service by phone; and (g) provide other services designed to assist us in maximizing our business potential. We require that these outside companies agree to keep confidential all information we share with them and to use the information only to perform their obligations in the agreements and in a manner consistent with this Privacy and Usage Policy.
LEGAL COMPLIANCE
We may provide access to information when legally required to do so, to cooperate with legal proceedings, to protect against misuse or unauthorized use of Zelis’ Website, to limit Zelis’ legal liability and protect Zelis’ rights or to protect the rights, property or safety of visitors of this Website or the public.
LINKS TO OTHER SITES
While visiting Zelis’ Website, you may link to sites operated by our business partners or other third parties. This does not mean that we endorse these sites. We do not make any representations or warranties about any Website you may access through the Zelis Website. They are independent from us, and we have no control over, or responsibility for, their information or activities.
In addition, Zelis’ privacy practices may differ from those of these other sites. If you provide personal information at one of those sites, you are subject to the privacy policy of the operator of that site, not the Zelis Privacy and Usage Policy. Please make sure you understand the other site’s privacy policy before providing personal information.
SECURITY
Zelis uses commercially reasonable measures to keep your information private and safe. We take appropriate physical, electronic and administrative steps to maintain the security and accuracy of personally identifiable information we collect, including limiting the number of people who have physical access to Zelis’ database servers, as well as employing electronic security systems and password protections that guard against unauthorized access. In addition, it is Zelis’ policy to never send your personally identifiable information via email. Zelis’ customer service center also operates over a private, secure network. Please note, however, that email is not encrypted and is not considered to be a secure means of transmitting personally identifiable information.
Unfortunately, despite Zelis’ best efforts, the transmission of data over the Internet cannot be guaranteed to be 100% secure. While we will use commercially reasonable means to ensure the security of information you transmit to us, we cannot guarantee that such information will not be intercepted by third parties. We may, however, prosecute any unauthorized or fraudulent transactions to the fullest extent permitted by law.
“SPOOFING” AND “PHISHING”
“Spoofing” or “Phishing” are common Internet scams. These may occur when you receive an email from what appears to be a legitimate source requesting personal information from you. Please be aware that Zelis will NEVER send you an email requesting you to verify credit card or bank information or any other personally identifiable information. If you ever receive an email that appears to be from us requesting such information from you, DO NOT respond to it, and DO NOT click on any links appearing in the email. Instead, please forward the email to us at inquiries@zelis.com, as we will endeavor to investigate all instances of possible Internet fraud.
CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
Zelis’ Website is not meant for children. We do not intentionally collect any personal information from children under the age of thirteen and will dispose of any such information if we become aware that it has been provided to us. Zelis’ online contests or sweepstakes are restricted to entrants who are at least 18 years old or the age of majority in the jurisdiction where they are located, whichever is greater.
CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
Under California Civil Code sections 1798.83-1798.84, California residents are entitled to ask us for a notice describing what categories of personal information we share with third parties or corporate affiliates for those third parties’ or corporate affiliates’ direct marketing purposes. That notice will identify the categories of information shared and will include a list of the third parties and affiliates with which it was shared, along with their names and addresses. If you are a California resident and would like a copy of this notice, please submit a written request to the following address: Zelis Healthcare Inc., 2 Crossroads Drive, Bedminster, NJ 07921, Attn: Marketing Manager, Digital Communications or by email to inquiries@zelis.com. Please allow 30 days for a response.
YOUR CONSENT
You acknowledge that this Privacy and Usage Policy is part of the Terms of Use and you agree: (1) that using Zelis’ Website signifies your assent to Zelis’ Privacy and Usage Policy and related terms of use provided above; (2) that such policy is subject to all applicable laws; and (3) your use is undertaken at your own risk. Zelis reserves the right to change this Privacy and Usage Policy at any time, without advance notice. As described above, if we decide to change Zelis’ Privacy and Usage Policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances we disclose it. In the event of a corporate reorganization or asset transfer, your personal information may also be transferred. However, use of your personal information will remain subject to this Privacy and Usage Policy. By giving us your personal information you consent to those transfers occurring
HOW TO CONTACT US
If you have any questions about your privacy or security on Zelis’ Website, please contact us at inquiries@zelis.com.