http://www.actis-computer.com/index.php/company/privacy-policy
Twitter
LinkedIn
Home
Product
CompactPCI
PowerPC processor
Data Recorder
COM Express
PowerPC processor
Carrier board
PCI Express mini card
Analog Acquistion
CAN bus controller
VMEBus
PowerPC processor
Carrier board
Embedded Computer
Standalone
PowerPC processor
Mezzanine peripheral
PMC
Graphics
Network
Communication
IndustryPack
Analogue
Industrial
Communication
Network
Motion
Software
Linux BSP
U-Boot bootloader
Service
Hardware Design
Software design
Long term production program
Environmental qualification
Support
Support overview
Support Request
RMA Request
Litterature Library
RoHS compliance
Partners
Company
About Us
Sales offices
Contact us
News & events
Careers
Disclaimer
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Search ...
HomeCompanyPrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy Statement applies to customer/online information provided to ACTIS Computer, S.A. It governs personal information we collect from our customers and online from our website users ("you"), contacts, or our relationship with you. Please refer to ACTIS Computer's Limited Warranty/RMA Policy for our policy governing your personal information on any product or media returned to our Company under our Limited Warranty/RMA policies. "Personal information" means information which identifies you, such as your name, telephone number, and e-mail address.
The Personal Information We CollectIn general, we may ask you to provide us with personal information when you
Use our website;
Request quotes, services, support, or information;
Place orders for products or services;
Apply for financing;
Participate in surveys or promotional activities;
Subscribe to newsletters, promotional e-mails, or other materials;
Apply for a job; or
Contact us.
Information we may request includes your e-mail address, name, home address, and telephone number. If you make a purchase, we may ask for your credit card number and billing information. We may also ask for other bank references, other supplier relationships, and other personal data to process your credit or financing request. We may also collect demographic information, and information about your interests, preferences and favourites. Forms that you may fill in will indicate whether information requested is required or optional.
We may collect information about your visits to our websites, including page views, the links and ads you click, search terms you enter, and other actions you take in connection with the ACTIS Computer website. We may also collect certain information from the browser you use to visit our website, e.g., your IP address, browser type and language, access times, the URL of the website that referred you to our website and to which URL you browse away from our site if you click on a link on our site.
In order to offer you a better user experience, information collected through one source may be combined or supplemented with information from other ACTIS Computer resources or information other parties.
The Use of Your Personal InformationACTIS Computer uses your personal information to:
Carry out your transactions and deliver related services and support;
Send data and information to you regarding your transactions and their status (for example, order confirmations), information about products and services available from ACTIS Computer and its corporate affiliates, promotional offers, and surveys;
Customize and improve our products and deliverables (including the content and advertisements on our website), technologies, communications and relationship with you;
Enforce conditions of sale, website terms and contracts (if applicable) with you;
Prevent fraud and other prohibited or illegal activities;
Protect the security or integrity of the website and our business.
Personal information may be stored or processed in Switzerland or any other country in which ACTIS Computer or its corporate affiliates, subsidiaries or agents maintain operations, and by using products sold by ACTIS Computer (including our website), you consent to such storage/transfer of information.
The Disclosure of Your Personal InformationWe may share your personal information with corporate affiliates to carry out transactions you request or to make our business more responsive to your needs. We may also disclose your personal information to carry out fraud prevention or other legal action; as required by law or regulation; or if ACTIS Computer reasonably believes it is necessary to protect ACTIS Computer, its customers, or the public.
In addition, we may share your personal information with business partners that help ACTIS Computer carry out transactions with you or that help us customize and improve our communication or relationship with you. We will share information only with business partners who share our commitment to protecting your personal information and subject to the same limitations on use and disclosure. Except as described above, we will not disclose your personal information to third parties for their own marketing purposes unless you have provided your express consent.
The Implementation of Your Communication PreferencesYou may choose to receive or not receive marketing communications from ACTIS Computer by indicating your preferences. Opportunities to select your preferences include the following:
The "My Account" login on actis-computer.com allow you to choose whether you wish to receive marketing communications from malabs.com, and to subscribe or unsubscribe to newsletters about our products and services; and
At any point you can also visit our Block Me Registration Page and request to be removed from our e-mail lists.
How We Secure Your Personal InformationMa Labs is committed to protecting the security of your personal information. We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure, such as encryption, passwords, firewalls, physical security, etc. While we strive to protect your personal information, Ma Labs cannot and does not warrant the privacy of the personal information or private communications you transmit to us.
If a password is used to help protect your accounts and personal information, it is your responsibility to keep your password confidential. Do not share this information with anyone. We recommend that you change your password periodically. If you are sharing a computer with anyone you should always log out before leaving a site or service to protect access to your information from subsequent users.
Third-Party Websites and ServicesOther websites accessed through our website may collect personal information about you. Their information practices are not covered by this privacy statement.
Material Changes to Our Privacy Policy StatementWe reserve the right to update this Privacy Policy Statement in the event of material change to our policy, collection or use practices.
Contact InformationYou may contact ACTIS Computer S.A., Attention: Privacy, 42 Route de Satigny, 1217 Meyrin, Switzerland or use the other contact resources available at actis-computer.com.
Subscribe Newsletter
Name
Email  Text HTML
Products
Services
Support
Company
CompactPCI
COM Express
VMEbus
Embedded Computer
Standalone
PMC
IndustryPack
Software
Hardware Design
Software Design
Longterm Support
Qualification
Overview
Litterature Library
RoHS Compliance
About Us
Sales Offices
News & Events
Disclaimer
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy