https://www.embrace.com/privacy/
Privacy & Data Collection Policy
Privacy Policy Statement:Top Notch Domains, LLC is the owner and operator of Embrace.com and has developed this Privacy Policy Statement to inform you about how it deals with privacy issues in relation to this website.
Overview:
When you visit the this website, Top Notch Domains, LLC can record certain information in relation to your visit such as your IP address or proxy server IP address, domain information, your Internet service provider information, the date and time of your visit, the length of your visit, the pages you have visited, the files you have downloaded, the number of times you have accessed this website, the website that referred you to this site, links you clicked on to leave the website, your Internet browser information, your operating system information, your email address if you submit an inquiry or an offer, your phone number if you submit an inquiry or an offer, and possibly other details. This information is collected through the use of cookies via third party software and the use of a contact form.
At the present time, Top Notch Domains, LLC has no intention of selling the information that is collected. However, Top Notch Domains, LLC reserves the right to do so without consent or notice aside from this privacy policy.  In addition, Top Notch Domains, LLC may provide any information that is collected to anyone who may ask for it, at the discretion of Top Notch Domains, LLC. Further, Top Notch Domains, LLC can provide information that is collected to third parties, including but not limited to escrow services, domain name brokers, other domain name platforms and marketplaces, and other third parties.
Links to Other Websites:
This website contains links to other websites. Top Notch Domains, LLC can not be held not responsible for the content or privacy practices of websites that are referenced or linked to in this website.
Children Under 18:Top Notch Domains, LLC does not believe this website has any materials that would be objectionable to children under the age of 18. If you find something that you believe is objectionable, please contact Top Notch Domains, LLC at once using the contact information below.
Changes to Privacy Policy:Top Notch Domains, LLC retains the right to alter, modify or change the Privacy Policy at any time.
How To Contact Top Notch Domains, LLCShould you have other questions or concerns about this, please call (610) 217-1642 or send an email to info “at” embrace.com.