https://www.rfel.com/home/privacy-policy/
GDPR and Privacy
Terms and Conditions
Quality Assurance
Tax Strategy
Anti-Slavery
GDPR and Privacy
How we use your information
This privacy notice tells you what to expect when RFEL collects personal information.
About us
We are RFEL Ltd (“RFEL”), a company registered in England and Wales (Company No. 2389407) with its office at Unit B The Apex, St Cross Business Park, Newport, Isle of Wight, PO30 5XW, UK. We are listed on the Information Commissioner’s register of data controllers under number: Z5133004.
Visitors to our websites
When someone visit www.rfel.com we use a third party service, Google Analytics, to collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behavior patterns. We do this to find out things such as the number of visitors to the various parts of the site. This information is only processed in a way which does not identify anyone. We do not make, and do not allow Google to make, any attempt to find out the identities of those visiting our website. If we do want to collect personally identifiable information through our website, we will be up front about this. We will make it clear when we collect personal information and will explain what we intend to do with it.
Use of cookies by RFEL
You can read more about how we use cookies on our Cookies page.
E-newsletter
We use a third party provider, Campaign Marketing, to deliver our e-newsletters. We gather statistics around email opening and clicks using industry standard technologies including clear gifs to help us monitor and improve our e-newsletter. You are free to subscribe, or un-subscribe ant any time. Your name and e-mail address is stored in their servers based in the USA. For more information, please see information published by Campaign Marketing over their compliance with GDPR : https://www.campaignmonitor.com/trust/gdpr-compliance/, and also their privacy and security procedures. https://help.campaignmonitor.com/how-we-keep-your-data-private-and-secure.
Website
We host our website on UK based managed servers. The servers are updated regularly by the data centre provides with any operating system patches. These servers will shortly be upgraded to host WordPress to publish our website. We will use a standard install of WordPress with feature to collect anonymous information about user’s activity on the site, for example the number of users viewing pages on the site, to monitor and report on the effectiveness of the site and help us improve it.
The WordPress platform and any of its plugins will be regularly reviewed and updated when necessary.
Some parts of the website are only accessible to registered users. Registering would need a username, and password, and this same information would be shared with the support ticketing system (see below).
Support ticketing system
If you need to use our Support System to obtain technical support, commercial support, or to make Subject Access Requests, or you submit your request by e-mail to support@rfel.com then this is processed using an automated ticketing system. This would use your information to automatically create a ticket, and notify you, and the relevant RFEL agent(s) of your issue, and helps us to monitor the status, duration and resolution of any issues. When tickets are updated, you will receive an e-mail notification from the system.
Alternativel,y you can submit support requests through the registered user section of our website, where you can also see progress and of any support tickets that have been created.
People who telephone us
When you telephone RFEL, we display your Calling Line Identification (CLI) information (if provided), but do not record it.
People who email us
We use Transport Layer Security (TLS) to encrypt and protect email traffic If your email service does not support TLS, you should be aware that any emails we send or receive may not be protected in transit.
All inbound and outbound E-Mails are sent and received by RFEL servers through Symantec cloud based Email Anti-Spam, and Email Anti-Virus services, to protect against treats. These servers are based in Europe, and their privacy information can be read here: https://www.symantec.com/privacy.
RFEL also monitor any emails sent to us, including file attachments, for viruses or malicious software. Please be aware that you have a responsibility to ensure that any email you send is within the bounds of the law.
People who make a complaint to us
When we receive a complaint from a person we make up a file containing the details of the complaint. This normally contains the identity of the complainant and any other individuals involved in the complaint.
We will only use the personal information we collect to process the complaint and to check on the level of service we provide. We may compile statistics internally showing information like the number of complaints we receive, but not in a form which identifies anyone.
We usually have to disclose the complainant’s identity to whoever the complaint is about. This is inevitable where, for example, the accuracy of a person’s record is in dispute. If a complainant does not want information identifying them to be disclosed, we will try to respect that. However, it may not be possible to handle a complaint on an anonymous basis.
We will keep personal information contained in complaint files in line with our retention policy. This means that information relating to a complaint will be retained for two years from closure. It will be retained in a secure environment and access to it will be restricted according to the ‘need to know’ principle.
Similarly, where enquiries are submitted to us we will only use the information supplied to us to deal with the enquiry and any subsequent issues and to check on the level of service we provide.
People who engage with RFEL for goods and services
RFEL offers various services to companies wishing to buy our products and services.
During the progression of the opportunity with the company buying the goods, your details will be held on our internal Customer Relationship Management (CRM) system, which would hold details of your name, job title, phone number, company name, address, and the nature of the product being sold.
Should the opportunity not progress to an order then we will hold you details for a period of 5 years. This is due to the type and nature of the products and contracts we operate in.
If we are successful in securing the order, then we have to hold the details of the people who have requested the service in order to provide it, and continue to hold your details for the duration of the contract plus 5 years. If we believe there are features or enhancements to your product that would be relevant, then we may send you specific information by e-mail, but you would not be added to the mailing list unless you have provided your consent.
After delivery of goods or services, we may also ask you to complete a satisfaction survey. This helps RFEL understand and improve its quality of goods and services as part of its ISO9001 certification.
Suppliers to RFEL
RFEL will need to procure various goods and services from other companies.
During the engagement, and request for quotes, the supplier’s details will be held on our internal Manufacturing and Resource Planning (MRP) system, and Financial Planning system, which would hold details of your name, job title, phone number, company name, address, and details of the product being purchased, and your invoices.
We will hold this information until there is no further need to purchase these items plus 5 years for accounting purposes.
Compliance audits
In certain circumstances we may be required to conduct a compliance audit to verify the suitability of a supplier, due to the nature, the ongoing value or the importance of the work being undertaken.
If this becomes a requirement, then our compliance manager may request personal identification, general company, and registration information.
The information that is requested will additionally be sent to our parent company Rheinmetall AG in Germany, and Switzerland for checks, and this will be stored on their systems. All companies are within the EEA and are bound to handle the information under GDPR regulations
Job applicants, current and former RFEL employees
RFEL is the data controller for the information you provide during the application process unless otherwise stated. If you have any queries about the process or how we handle your information please contact us at hr@rfel.com.
What will we do with the information you provide to us?
All of the information you provide during the process will only be used for the purpose of progressing your application, or to fulfil legal or regulatory requirements if necessary.
We will not share any of the information you provide during the recruitment process with any third parties for marketing purposes or store any of your information outside of the European Economic Area. The information you provide will be held securely by us whether the information is in electronic or physical format.
We will use the contact details you provide to us to contact you to progress your application. We will use the other information you provide to assess your suitability for the role you have applied for.
If you have applied through a recruitment agency, then we may additionally advise the recruitment agency of how the application is progressing.
What information do we ask for, and why?
We do not collect more information than we need to fulfil our stated purposes and will not retain it for longer than is necessary.
The information we ask for is used to assess your suitability for employment. You d not have to provide what we ask for, but it might affect your application if you do not.
Throughout the process, your information will only be shared internally with the absolute minimum number of people, relevant to the position being filled, and at all times keeping any information confidential.
Application stage
We may choose to advertise a position on our website, in local newspapers, or through our selected recruitment agencies.
If you respond directly to RFEL, either by E-Mail, or by post, we would typically ask for your CV, or sufficient information relevant to the role you are applying for such as your personal details including name and contact details, previous experience, education and referees. Our recruitment team will have access to all of this information. No one (such as referees) other than yourself (or the recruitment agency) would be contacted at this stage.
Shortlisting
Our HR staff, and the department managers will shortlist applications for interview. They will have access to all the information you have provided with your name or contact details information if it has been provided.
Assessments
We might ask you to participate in a telephone interview; and/or to attend an interview. Information will be generated by you and by us. For example, you might complete a written test or we might take interview notes. This information is held by RFEL.
If you are unsuccessful following assessment for the position you have applied for, we may ask if you would like your details to be retained in our HR file for a period of six months. If you say yes, we would proactively contact you should any further suitable vacancies arise.
Conditional offer
If we make a conditional offer of employment we will ask you for information so that we can carry out pre-employment checks. You must successfully complete pre-employment checks to progress to a final offer. We are required to confirm the identity of our staff, their right to work in the United Kingdom and seek assurance as to their trustworthiness, integrity and reliability.
You may therefore be required to provide:
Proof of your identity and right to work in the UK – you will be asked to attend our office with original documents, we will take copies.
Proof of your qualifications – you will be asked to attend our office with original documents, we will take copies.
A criminal records declaration to declare any unspent convictions.
We will request a Basic Criminal Record check via the Disclosure and Barring Service, which will verify your declaration of unspent convictions.
We will contact your referees directly to obtain references.
Security clearance. Some roles require a higher level of security clearance If this is the case, then you will be asked for your current Security clearance status, and/or you potential eligibility to achieve clearance , such as your nationality, work permits and duration as a UK/EU citizen
If we make a final offer, we will also ask you for the following:
Bank details – to process salary payments.
Emergency contact details – so we know who to contact in case you have an emergency at work.
Post start date
At this stage, and during your induction into the company your Personal details, Address, Bank details and other relevant HR information will be held in accordance with the Employee’s Privacy Policy, which you will be explained to you along with the legal basis, and retention policy of such information.
If a higher level of security clearance is required, then you will be asked to submit information via the National Security Vetting Service (NSVS). NSVS will be the data controller for this information.
NSVS will tell us whether your application is successful or not. If it is unsuccessful, RFEL will not be told the reason(s) why but we might need to review your suitability for the role or how you perform your duties.
Use of data processors
Data processors are third parties who provide elements of our recruitment service for us. RFEL do not use any data processors.
How long is the information retained for?
If you are successful, the information you provide during the application process will be retained by us as part of your employee file in accordance with the Employee’s Privacy Policy, and associated retention periods. This includes your criminal records declaration, fitness to work, records of any security checks and references.
If you are unsuccessful at any stage of the process, the information you have provided until that point will be retained for 6 months from the closure of the campaign.
Information generated throughout the assessment process, for example interview notes, is retained by us for 6 months following the closure of the campaign.
How we make decisions about recruitment?
RFEL do not use any form of automated decision making during the recruitment process. If you have any concerns however you are able to ask about decisions made about your application by speaking to your contact within our HR team or by emailing hr@rfel.com.
Temporary work placements
We sometimes offer opportunities for people to come and work with us on a temporary basis, such as summer holidays. We accept applications typically from university students whose courses are aligned with our work and who think they could benefit from working with us.
Applications are sent directly to RFEL. Once we have considered your application, if we are interested in speaking to you further, we will contact you using the details you provided.
We might ask you to provide more information about your skills and experience or invite you to an interview.
If we do not have any suitable work at the time, we’ll let you know but we might ask you if you would like us to retain your application so that we can proactively contact you about possible opportunities in the future. If you say yes, we will keep your application for 6 months.
If you are seconded to RFEL, we will ask that you complete the same details as described in the Conditional Offer section above
Your rights
Under GDPR, you have rights as an individual which you can exercise in relation to the information we hold about you. Please see the contact information.
You can read more about these rights here – https://ico.org.uk/for-the-public/is-my-information-being-handled-correctly/
Complaints or queries
RFEL tries to meet the highest standards when collecting and using personal information. For this reason, we take any complaints we receive about this very seriously. We encourage people to bring it to our attention if they think that our collection or use of information is unfair, misleading or inappropriate. We would also welcome any suggestions for improving our procedures.
This privacy notice was drafted with brevity and clarity in mind. It does not provide exhaustive detail of all aspects of RFEL’s collection and use of personal information. However, we are happy to provide any additional information or explanation needed. Any requests for this should be sent to the address below.
If you want to make a complaint about the way we have processed your personal information, you can contact us using the address below.
Access to personal information
RFEL tries to be as open as it can be in terms of giving people access to their personal information. Individuals can find out if we hold any personal information by making a ‘Subject Access Request’.  If we do hold information about you we will:
Give you a description of it;
Tell you why we are holding it;
Tell you who it could be disclosed to; and
Let you have a copy of the information in an intelligible form.
To make a request to RFEL for any personal information we may hold you need to put the request in writing addressing it to our HR Department.
If you agree, and depending on the nature of the information being requested, we will try to deal with your request informally, for example by providing you with the specific information you need over the telephone.
If we do hold information about you, you can ask us to correct any mistakes by, once again, contacting us using the address below
Disclosure of personal information
In many circumstances we will not disclose personal data without consent. However, when we investigate a complaint, for example, we may need to share personal information with the organisation concerned and with other relevant bodies.
You can also get further information on:
Agreements we have with other organisations for sharing information;
Circumstances where we can pass on personal data without consent for example, to prevent and detect crime and to produce anonymised statistics;
Our instructions to staff on how to collect, use and delete personal data; and
How we check that the information we hold is accurate and up to date.
Links to other websites
This privacy notice does not cover the links within this site linking to other websites. We encourage you to read the privacy statements on the other websites you visit.
Changes to this privacy notice
We keep our privacy notice under regular review. This privacy notice was last updated on 23/01/2019.
How to contact us:
If you want to request information about our privacy policy you can email us at info@rfel.com or write to:
RFEL
Unit B – The Apex
St Cross Business Park
Newport
Isle of Wight
PO30 5XW
United Kingdom
TRAILBLAZER
Driver VisionFind Out More
Home
Overview
#RFEL@20
Team
Careers
Locations
Partners
GDPR and Privacy
Terms and Conditions
Quality Assurance
Tax Strategy
Anti-Slavery
Dashboard
Register
Login
Logout
Unit B-The Apex,
St Cross Business Park,
Newport, Isle of Wight,
PO30 5XW
+44 (0)1983 216600
© RFEL Limited 2018
Website by Peekaboo