http://www.ibm.com/ibm/history/request2/terms.html
Select a country/region: United States
IBM®
Site map
Search
IBM Archives
Terms and conditions
Statement of intent
It is the intent of the IBM Corporate Archives to make selected information publicly available on this Web site in order to advance the study of science, information technology, and the IBM Corporation. The image and text files on the IBM Corporate Archives Web site are made available for noncommercial, educational, and personal use only. Copyright or redistribution in any manner for commercial use is not permitted. Commercial publication or exploitation of the IBM Corporate Archives Web site and analog files is specifically prohibited. Users may download these files for their own use, subject to all applicable federal and state statutes. Fair educational use of the contents of this Web site is permitted. Specifically, an internet user may download images and text files and share them with others for limited noncommercial and educational purposes only. Click here for IBM Corporation's Legal information.
Permissions to use and requests for information
Anyone wishing to use any of these files or images for publication, commercial use, or any purpose not expressly permitted must request and receive prior permission from [the] IBM Corporate Archives. Permission for such use is granted at the sole discretion of the IBM Corporation. To request material from the IBM Corporate Archives, please write to the IBM Corporate Archives, IBM Corporation, 2455 South Road, Bldg 04-02 Room CSC12, Poughkeepsie, NY 12601. Requesters can also send an email to Archive1@us.ibm.com. All requests should include the following information: a description of your request in as much detail as possible; a beginning and end date for the material to be identified; a description of how you intend to use the material you are asking for, particularly if it is to be published in print, broadcast, or online form; a date when you need this material by; and your complete return contact information (name, telephone, fax, email, address). Click here for IBM Corporation's Privacy Policy.
Service levels
The IBM Corporate Archives will make every effort to respond to all public inquiries within three working days of the receipt of the request. The actual provision of information may take longer, particularly during high volume request periods, and if large quantities of scanning is required. Extensive requests - defined as those which can only be fulfilled by the commitment of significant financial and/or staff resources by the IBM Corporate Archives - will be declined. In addition, the IBM Corporate Archives retains the right to deny requests for the provision of material that conflicts with the business interests of the IBM Corporation, poses the risk of violating federal or state statutes, or interferes with the Archives' ability to adequately service the internal needs of the corporation.
User conditions
By requesting material from the IBM Corporate Archives, you are indicating your awareness that you are responsible for conforming to copyright, right-to-privacy, libel, slander, and any other applicable statutes. Furthermore, you are agreeing to indemnify and hold harmless the IBM Corporation and any of its related entities, their officers, employees and agents from any and all claims resulting from the use of the materials provided to you by the IBM Corporate Archives. Click here for IBM Corporation's Copyright information.
Content navigation
IBM Archives
Exhibits
IBM Chronology
IBM100
Documents
Multimedia
Helpful links
Using the Archives site
Terms and conditions
Related links
Interactive history of progress
A tradition of service
Just the facts
Footer links
Contact
Privacy
Terms of use
Accessibility