http://www.ethalone.com/privacy.html
Ethalone Solutions - Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Ethalone Solutions, Inc. (“Ethalone”)
has created this Privacy Policy in order to demonstrate our commitment
to privacy. We may update our policy from time to time without notice.
All updates will be published at Ethalone Web Site (“Site”). Collection of Information You may visit our Site without identifying yourself or revealing
any personal information. Our Site does collect information such as domain,
IP address, browser type and operating system for site trends and statistics,
but this information does not personally identify you. We may collect your personal information in the polls, online
forms, forums and shop area of this Site. We do not sell, rent, or give
your personal information to any third party. And we do not use your information
for any purpose outside the scope of communicating with you in the most
efficient manner. We may use your personal information to deliver services,
such as newsletters, events, training or software, that you request or
purchase. We may also use any information you have provided as reasonably
necessary to provide customer support to you. If you making a purchase in the shop area of this Site,
we may request personal information necessary for billing and/or shipping,
such as: name, address, telephone number, credit card number, etc. Credit
card information is transmitted using secure socket layer (SSL) encryption.
We do not store any credit card information. Use of Cookies We may use cookies from time to time. Cookies are small
text files a web site can use to recognize a repeat visitor to the web
site. We may use cookies for various reasons. If you do not want Ethalone
to deploy cookies in your browser, you can set your browser to reject
cookies or to notify you when a web site tries to put a cookie in your
browser software. If you choose to disable cookies in your browser, you
can still access most of this Site, however, your ability to use some
of the products and/or services at this Site may be affected. Public Forums Public forum is the part of this Site. Please remember that
any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information
and exercise caution when deciding to disclose any personal information.
Ethalone is not responsible for the information published at Ethalone
forums by forums users. Links to Third Party Web Sites At this Site, there may be links to companies with whom
we have a relationship. Ethalone is not responsible for the privacy practices
of our business partners. We encourage you to read their privacy statements,
as they may differ from ours. Contact Information If you have any questions about this privacy statement,
please contact us.
Benefits:
Ghost Installer features a very small engine and a specific compression method (which compresses files better than ZIP or RAR).
Home -
News -
Products -
Shop -
Download -
Community -
Articles -
Tech Support -
Company
Privacy Policy -
Legal Notice
Copyright © 1999-2012 Ethalone Solutions, Inc. All rights reserved.