https://www.incognito.com/privacy-policy?hsLang=en
Solutions
Fiber
Cable
Fixed Wireless
Digital Experience
Enterprise IoT
Prepaid Broadband
Products
DOCSIS Provisioning
TR-069 Device Management
TR-369 Device Management
Service Activation
Firmware Management
IP Address Management
Monetization & Analytics
Services
Professional Services
Customer Support
Company
Contact
About Incognito
COVID-19 Response
Team
Newsroom
Events
Careers
Insights
Blog
Fiber Monetization
User Services Platform
Capitalize on IoT
The Future Is Fiber
Resources
Privacy Statement
Last Update: Oct 25, 2018
Your privacy is important to Incognito Software Systems Inc. (Incognito).  This privacy statement provides information about the personal information that Incognito collects and the ways in which Incognito uses that personal information.
Personal information collection
Incognito may collect and use the following kinds of personal information:
Information about your use of this website (including but not limited to page visits, time spent on page, and downloads);
Information that you provide using for the purpose of registering with the website (including but limited to first name, last name, email address, phone number, country, address, job title, job function, organization type);
Information about transactions carried out over this website (including but not limited to content downloads and software downloads);
Information that you provide for the purpose of subscribing to the website services (including but not limited to marketing communications, newsletters, blog and company updates); and
Any other information that you send to Incognito.
Using personal information
Incognito may use your personal information to:
Administer this website;
Personalize the website for you;
Enable your access to and use of the website services;
Send to you products that you purchase;
Supply to you services that you purchase;
Send to you statements and invoices;
Collect payments from you; and
Send you marketing communications (includes but not limited to phone and email).
Enquiries received through the contact form
Opening of a customer account
Optimisation of the internet site (adjustment of the website to your needs)
Defence against and recording of hacker attacks
Creation of user statistics
IP addresses of the enquiring computer
Date and time of access/enquiry
Name and URL of the data enquired
Operating system of your computer and of the browser that you use
Country from where our website is accessed
Access status/HTTP status code
Data volume transmitted each time
Website last visited (Incognito)
Browser settings
The basis for temporary saving of your personal data and the log files is legitimate interest in order to:
be able to correctly display the contents of our website and to optimise advertising for it,
provide the law enforcement authorities with the information required to enforce the law in case of an incidence,
further improve our offerings and our internet appearance,
collect statistical data.
Where Incognito discloses your personal information to its agents or sub-contractors for these purposes, the agent or sub-contractor in question will be obligated to use that personal information in accordance with the terms of this privacy statement.
In addition to the disclosures reasonably necessary for the purposes identified elsewhere above, Incognito may disclose your personal information to the extent that it is required to do so by law, in connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings, and in order to establish, exercise or defend its legal rights.
Data Subjects are entitled at any time to obtain confirmation of the existence of Personal Data and to be informed of their contents and origin, to verify their accuracy, or else request that such data be supplemented, updated or rectified.
Data Subjects have the right to request erasure, anonymization or blocking of any data that is processed in breach of the law as well as to object in all cases, on legitimate grounds, to processing of the data.
Marketing use: Your personal information may be used via the methods listed above for marketing purposes. You do not have to agree to this. If you object to the use of your personal data for this purpose, please email privacy@incognito.com and ask for removal of your details. All our electronic marketing material carries an unsubscribe option, so you can also unsubscribe at any time.
Explicit consent to marketing use: You have given Incognito Software Systems Inc. explicit consent to use your personal information for the methods listed above. You may withdraw this consent at any time, simply by emailing privacy@incognito.com. We will immediately withdraw your name from our marketing lists.
What are cookies?
Cookies are small files—usually consisting of letters and numbers—placed on your computer, tablet, phone, or similar device, when you use that device to visit a web site. Cookies are widely used by web site owners to make their web sites operate, work more efficiently, and provide analytic information.
These are the different types of Cookies we and our service providers may use on our Sites:
Essential Cookies. These Cookies are required for the operation of our Sites (for example, to enable you to log into secure areas of our web site or use a shopping cart). These Cookies enable you to move around the Sites and use their features. Disabling these Cookies will encumber the Sites’ performance and may make the features and service unavailable.
Analytics and Customization Cookies. These Cookies allow us to analyze activities on our Sites and on other sites where we post content in order to improve and optimize the way our Sites work. For example, we may use these types of Cookies to ensure that visitors can easily find the information they are looking for on our web sites. One way we do this is to recognize and count the number of visitors and see how they move around our web site when they are using it. Analytics cookies also help us measure the performance of our advertising campaigns in order to help us improve our advertising campaigns and to optimize our Sites’ content for those who engage with our advertising.
Functionality Cookies. These Cookies are used to recognize you when you return to our Sites. This enables us to personalize our content for you, greet you by name, and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region).
Advertising Cookies. These Cookies record your online activities, including your visits to our Sites, the pages you have visited, and the links and advertisements you have clicked. One purpose of this is to help make the content displayed on our Sites more relevant to you. Another purpose is to allow us and our service providers to deliver advertisements or other communications to you that are designed to be more relevant to your apparent interests. When we and our service providers do so, this also involves partners such as publishers, data management platforms, and demand side platforms that help to manage the data. For example, if you look at one page on one of our Sites, we may cause an advertisement to be delivered to you, on our Sites or on other sites, for products referenced on that page or for similar products and services. We and our service providers and partners may also append other data to information collected by these Cookies, including information obtained from third parties, and share this information with third parties for the purpose of delivering ads to you.
What data are saved in the cookies?
In the cookies that we use, only pseudonymous data are saved. When the cookies are activated, they are given an identification number. No allocation of your personal data is made to this identification number. Your name, your IP address or similar data that would enable a direct allocation of the cookies to your person are not saved in the cookie.
What types of cookies do we use?
We use temporary cookies. They save a so-called session ID with which different enquiries of your browser can be allocated to a common session. This allows your computer to be identified again when you return to our website.
Moreover, we use persistent cookies, which are applied beyond a given utilisation process on your computer. When you revisit our site, the system automatically recognizes that you have visited us before and the inputs and settings that you prefer. These cookies (life cycle 1 month to 10 years) are saved on your hard disk and are automatically deleted after the specified time. These files allow you, say, to have information displayed on the site that is specifically tailored to your personal interests.
We use cookies that do not transmit personal information, for example statistics cookies. They help us to understand how visitors interact with our website by gathering and transmitting information anonymously.
We use security cookies to identify and avoid security risks. For example, we may use these cookies to save information on your web session.
In addition, we collaborate with advertising partners who assist us in making our internet offerings and our website more interesting for you. For this purpose, in this case also cookies of partner companies will be saved on your hard disk when you visit our website (third-party provider cookies).
How can you prevent the use of cookies or delete them?
Your acceptance of cookies is not required for visiting our website.
Most internet browsers accept cookies automatically. If you do not wish this to be so, you may set up your browser so that it will inform you about the setting of cookies so that you may permit this only in individual cases; or that you refuse to accept cookies for certain cases or on a general basis; or that you activate the automatic deletion of the cookies when you close the browser. In addition, you may at any time delete cookies that have already been set by using an internet browser or other software programs.
The procedure of checking and deleting cookies depends on the browser you use. You can find pertinent information on this in the Help menu of your browser. You can find information on this option for the most commonly used browsers through the following links:
Explorer: https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookies
Firefox: https://www.mozilla.org
Google Chrome: https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en
Safari: https://support.apple.com/
Securing your data
Incognito will take reasonable technical and organizational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information.
Incognito will store all the personal information you provide on its secure servers.
Information relating to electronic transactions entered into via this website will be protected by encryption technology.
Cross-border data transfers
Information that Incognito collects may be stored and processed in and transferred between any of the countries in which Incognito operates to enable the use of the information in accordance with this privacy policy.
You agree to such cross-border transfers of personal information.
Updating this statement
Incognito may update this privacy policy by posting a new version on this website.
We may from time to time update this Privacy Policy. The use of Personal Data provided prior to the update will continue to be governed by the policy in effect at the time the information was provided. We recommend that you (Data Subjects) revisit this Privacy Policy from time to time on a regular basis.
In our website, you may contact us via a contact form and/or by e-mail and request information by electronic means(subscribe to our Newsletter). In this case, the information you provide will be used for processing your contact enquiry. If you wish to contact us, we need the following information:
Salutation
Company
First name
Last name
e-mail address
Preferred language
Country
Phone number (only for contact us)
Comment (only for contact us)
We need the information marked as mandatory in order to process your enquiry. The optional information on other data enables us to provide you with additional information that may be of interest to you.
Your personal data will not be merged with any other data. The basis for processing your personal data is our legitimate interest in processing your enquiry. If the purpose of contacting us is the fulfilment of a contract to which you are a contracting party or the execution of pre-contractual measures, this shall constitute an additional basis for processing your personal data. You may challenge this data processing at any time. Please send your challenge to the following e-mail address: privacy@incognito.com , and we will review your concern.
Other websites
This website contains links to other websites.
Incognito is not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of any third party
Contact
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or Incognito treatment of your personal information, please write:
by email to info@incognito.com; or
by post to: 375 Water St. Suite #500. Vancouver, BC V6B 5C6. Canada
For all other website enquiries, please contact info@incognito.com
With over 20 years’ experience, Incognito has helped global providers accelerate and innovate broadband services, with a unique focus on cable, fiber, and mobile broadband technologies.
Vancouver, Canada (HQ)Ottawa, CanadaDublin, IrelandChennai, India
Contact
Solutions
Fiber
Cable
Fixed Wireless
Digital Experience
Enterprise IoT
Prepaid Broadband
Services
Professional Services
Customer Support
Products
DOCSIS Provisioning
TR-069 Device Mgmt.
TR-369 Device Mgmt.
Service Activation
Firmware Management
IP Address Management
Monetization & Analytics
Insights
Blog
Fiber Monetization
User Services Platform
Capitalize on IoT
The Future is Fiber
Resources
Company
About Incognito
COVID-19 Response
Team
Newsroom
Events
Careers
Contact
Copyright © 2020 Incognito Software Systems Inc.All Rights Reserved. | Privacy Policy