http://www.asetek.com/company/group-privacy-policy
Group Privacy Policy
The aim of Asetek's group privacy policy is to establish uniform, adequate and global personal data protection standards throughout the entire Asetek Group (the “Group”) that will comply with statutory requirements imposed by the GDPR and other national laws requiring an adequate data protection standard.
1. Purpose and Scope
2. Collection and Processing
3. Special Categories of Personal Data
4. Data Quality and Deletion
5. Confidentiality and Security
6. Transparency
7. Data Exchange with Third Parties
8. Cross Border Transfers
9. Rights of Registered Persons
10. Definitions
Adopted May 25th, 2018
1. Purpose and Scope
1.1 The aim of this policy is to establish uniform, adequate and global Personal Data protection standards throughout the entire Asetek Group (the “Group”) that will comply with statutory requirements imposed by the General Data Protection Regulation EU 2016:679 (“GDPR”) and other national laws requiring an adequate data protection standard.
1.2. This policy applies in addition to the provisions of any applicable law and any regulatory requirements.
1.3. This policy applies to Personal Data Processing which is wholly or partly automated. It also applies to other Processing of Personal Data, if the data is included in or is intended to form part of a structured collection of Personal Data that is available for searching or compilation according to specific criteria.
1.4. This policy shall at request be made available to third parties such as customers, suppliers, consultants and other contractors.
2. Collection and Processing
2.1. Personal Data (as defined in section 10) may only be collected and processed
a) for legitimate business purposes to the extent allowed by applicable law orb) if consent has been obtained from the registered person.
In addition, Personal Data may only be processed for the purposes for which it was originally collected or for business purposes that are compatible with the original business purposes.
2.2. Legitimate business purposes are all actions required to enable the Group to perform a contract with the registered person or to enable measures that the registered person has requested to be taken before a contract is entered into. Legitimate business purposes also include actions by the Group to comply with a legal obligation or protect the vital interests of the registered person. Finally, legitimate business purposes include co-operation with Third Party services providers for the performance of a contract with the registered person.
2.3. The Processing of Personal Data may include exchanges of Personal Data between different entities within the Group, central storage of Personal Data within or outside the Group and the transfer of Personal Data across country borders.
2.4. If a registered person objects to the use of his/her Personal Data for marketing purposes, then this data may not be used for such marketing purposes.
3. Special Categories of Personal Data
The Processing of Personal Data concerning racial and ethnic origin, political opinion, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, health, or sexual orientation shall if possible be avoided at all times and in any case be strictly restricted to when
a) consented to by the registered person, orb) required for the Group to execute its rights according to applicable employment law, orc) required for protecting the rights of the registered person and he/she cannot consent,d) required to raise or defend legal claims.
4. Data Quality and Deletion
Personal Data shall be accurate, complete and kept up-to-date. Reasonable steps must be taken to ensure that inaccurate or incomplete data are deleted or corrected. Personal Data shall be deleted if it is no longer needed for the business purposes for which it was originally collected and stored having due regard to any legal obligation to preserve records.
5. Confidentiality and Security
There shall be appropriate and commercially reasonable technical, physical and organizational measures to keep Personal Data confidential and secure and protect the data against all unlawful forms of processing. Persons who have access to Personal Data shall only be those whose function and responsibility require the processing of such Personal Data. The right of access shall be restricted according to the nature and scope of the individual function and responsibility.
6. Transparency
The registered person shall be informed about the purposes of the Processing and other relevant information so far as this is necessary to ensure fair processing.
7. Data Exchange with Third Parties
7.1. The Group relies on Third Party service providers to perform a variety of services on the Group’s behalf. Hence, it is a legitimate business purpose to share Personal Data with such service providers. Only such Personal Data which is needed for the performance of the services may be shared.
7.2. The following conditions shall apply if the Group is acting either as principal or contractor under a contractual relationship or if other Third Parties are involved in the Processing or use of Personal Data:
Only such contractors or Third Parties are to be selected who are subject to a data protection and data security standard which corresponds to this policy.
The performance of the Processing must be regulated in a written contract. As part of the contract, the Third Party service provider shall undertake to protect the Personal Data in accordance with this policy.
The contract shall prohibit the Third Party from using the Personal Data for its own purposes.
The contract shall provide that the Third Party shall comply with national and international data protection regulations.
The contract shall provide for that the principal remains the contact person for any customers, suppliers, consultants and other parties wishing to exercise their rights.
7.3. Personal Data may not be sold to marketing companies.
8. Cross Border Transfers
8.1. Personal Data may be transferred to, stored and processed in a country other than the one in which it was provided for the purposes of
a) enabling the Group to perform a contract with the registered person or measures that the registered person has requested to be taken before a contract is entered into, orb) enabling the Group to perform a contract with a Third Party which is in the best interest of the registered party, orc) identifying making and defending legal claims, ord) defending vital interests of the registered person.
In addition, any transfer shall be conducted in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
8.2. This policy applies regardless of in which country Personal Data is collected, stored, transferred or processed.
9. Rights of Registered Persons
The registered person shall be able to make his/her choices and preferences known to the Group. Hence, a registered person shall be able to request an overview of the Personal Data processed by or on behalf of the Group. The registered person shall be able to request rectification, deletion or blockage of his/her Personal Data and object to the Processing of his/her personal data. The Group shall comply with such a request to the extent it does not prejudice the performance of a contract with the registered person or any legal obligation to preserve records.
10. Definitions
Personal Data................................................. Any information that can be used to directly or indirectly identify a natural person, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person.Processing......................................................... Any operation or set of operations which is performed on Personal Data or on sets of Personal Data, whether or not by automated means, such as collection, recording, organization, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure or destruction.Third Party........................................................ A natural or legal person, public authority, agency or body other than the data subject, controller, processor and persons who, under the direct authority of the controller or processor, are authorized to process Personal Data.
clear
Important Cookie Information - this message will appear only once - Dismiss
To give you the best possible experience, this site uses cookies and by continuing to use the site you agree that we can save them on your device. Cookies are small text files which are placed on your computer and which remember your preferences/some details of your visit. Our cookies don’t collect personal information.For more information, please read our updated privacy and cookie policy, which also explains how to disable cookies if you wish to.