http://www.pragmasys.com/company/contact/privacy-policy
Toggle navigation
Telemote
Telemote
Try Telemote
Buy Telemote
Update Telemote
Telemote Documentation
SSH
Fortress SSH Server
SFTP/SCP Server for File Transfers
Try SSH Server
Buy SSH Server
Update SSH Server
SSH Server Documentation
Clients
Fortress SSH Client
Try SSH Client
Buy SSH Client
Update SSH Client
SSH Client Documentation
Telnet
Telnet Server
Try Telnet Server
Buy Telnet Server
Update Telnet Server
Telnet Server Documentation
Support
Helpful Support Links
Register your software
Check your support
Contact Support
Forums
Pragma Blogs
Purchase
Buy
Pricing
Resellers
Cart
At Pragma Systems, Inc., we take your right to privacy
very seriously. Our Privacy Policy is as follows:
Pragma Systems, Inc. will not share or re-sell personally identifiable information
in any way, shape, or form. All registration information is kept private.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to the collection and use of information as described in this Privacy Policy. Any changes to our Privacy Policy will be reflected on this page so that you will always be aware of the information we collect and how we use it.
Use of Your Information
Registration is not required to access our site or view our content. The data we collect is aggregated and analyzed to provide us with a better understanding of our visitors’ likes and dislikes. For those visitors who have expressly stated an interest in receiving other information or offers, we will do individual profiling for certain mailings based upon their individual preferences. You will not receive any communication from us unless you expressly state that you wish to receive this type of information.
Cookies are employed to provide you with features such as merchandise transactions and registered services. These cookies, as described in detail below, allow us to know that you have visited our site in the past, and possibly registered for more information or bought any of our products. We use these cookies to ensure that it is easier for you to purchase items from us in the future, as well as to ensure that you will not have to re-register for membership, information, etc.
Shopping
We must collect the purchaser’s name, e-mail address, mailing address, credit card number, expiration date, and password. This allows for processing and fulfillment of orders, as well as the ability to notify you of your order status. We use passwords to ensure that it is easier for you to purchase items from us in the future, as well as to ensure that you will not have to re-register before shopping.
Children Under 13
Pragma Systems, Inc. is not directed to children under the age of 13. Pragma Systems, Inc. prohibits registration by children under the age of 13. Pragma Systems, Inc. will not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. Note: Persons under the age of 18 are not eligible to use any shopping services on this site.
Contests & Other Promotional Services
When you enter contests at Pragmasys.com, or sign up for other services, we request personal identifying information from you. Pragmasys.com uses the following information for fulfilling prizes: First and last name, Home or other physical address and E-mail address.
Newsletter
To receive the electronic version of our newsletter, we ask you to provide your e-mail address.
Surveys
All of our services are open to all of our visitors; you are not required to fill out any personal data to access our site. When you participate in a survey at Pragmasys.com, we request personal identifying information from you, including the following: First and last name (optional), Title or Occupation, Name of Business, Business or other physical address (optional), E-mail address (optional), Phone (optional) and Fax (optional).
We will utilize this information as follows: As a user, customer, or contest entrant, you may occasionally receive e-mail updates from us about: (1) important functionality changes, (2) special offers through us on behalf of our partners, and (3) new Pragmasys.com services and other news items. Our goal is that you will find these updates interesting and informative. Each e-mail we send includes instructions on how to unsubscribe from our mailing list.
You can send mail to the following postal address:
Customer Service
c/o Pragma Systems, Inc.
13809 Research Blvd.Suite 675
Austin, Texas 78750
Use of Cookies
Pragmasys.com uses cookies for our users' convenience and to understand our customers better. Cookies are pieces of information that a Web site transfers to an individual's hard disk for record-keeping purposes. The use of cookies is an industry standard; you'll find them at most Web sites.
In order to make your visits to Pragmasys.com as informative as possible, we utilize a variety of services that assist us in measuring our Web site traffic: are you a repeat visitor, flow, page views, and entry points to the site. We believe this helps us continuously improve Pragmasys.com making it more user-friendly, more personalized, and more service-oriented.
If you do not want information collected through the use of cookies, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows you to reject or accept the cookie feature (please consult your browser’s help instructions, e.g., Microsoft.com or Netscape.com).
The following information is usually reported to our Web site regardless of whether you reject cookies: IP address (your computer's network address), Internet Service Provider (e.g., Earthlink), and the make and version of your browser.
Content
Third Party Pragmasys.com is a distributor of content supplied by third parties (e.g., articles, reviews). Pragmasys.com has no control over such content. Any opinions, statements, advice, offers, or other information are those of the respective author(s) and not of Pragmasys.com.
Original Content -Pragmasys.com publishes content that is protected by copyrights, trademarks, and other intellectual and proprietary rights; these rights are valid and protected in all media. Unless otherwise noted: you may not reproduce, distribute, publish, commercially exploit, or otherwise transfer any material.
Privacy Policy Changes
Pragma Systems, Inc. reviews its Privacy Policy periodically, and is subject to change.
If you have any questions about our privacy practices, or this Policy you may contact us at:
Customer Service
c/o Pragma Systems, Inc.
13809 Research Blvd, Suite 675
Austin, Texas 78750
Telephone: 512-219-7270
Home
Company
Resources
Privacy Policy
GDPR Statement
News
Contact
Navigation
Home
About us
Forums
Contact
Social Media