http://www.mindsalt.com/docs/privacy.php
Toggle navigation
Login
Features
Pricing
Customers
Contact Us
Free Trial
Login
Privacy Policy
Last modified: May 25, 2018
Introduction
MindSalt Corporation (collectively, "MindSalt", "we", "us", or "our") understands the importance of protecting your personal information. We respect your right to privacy and strive to gather only information that is necessary for the normal operation of our services. This Privacy Policy ("Policy") describes how MindSalt collects, uses, and discloses your personal information in connection with the use of our mindsalt.com web site and services (the "Service" or "Services") provided. By submitting your information to MindSalt you are accepting the practices descried here.
What Information Do We Collect?
The personal information that we collect may come from different sources, such as information you provide to us directly as well as information added by your employer or authorized representative.
Contact Information: When you register for an account we ask for and may collect personal information such as your name, email address, phone number, mailing address, and other information that enables us to contact you.
Company and Professional Information: This information may include your company name, company logo, title, hire date, employee ID, department, salary or hourly rate, and other information about your profession.
While much of this information is optional, your employer may provide the information for use in, for example, reports and exports.
Payment Information: While the trial period of our Service does not require payment information, use of our Service beyond your trial, or a paid subscription, requires you to enter your credit or debit card information. A third-party, PCI compliant intermediary is used to store and process credit card payments. This intermediary is not permitted to store, retain, or use your billing information for any purpose except for credit card processing on our behalf.
Device Information: When you access our website or use our Service we automatically collect information regarding the type of browser you are using, your operating system version, and your IP address.
MindSalt analyzes this data for statistical purposes, however, the individual user remains anonymous.
How We Use Your Information
When you sign up for our Service or complete one of our online forms, such as a customer service or contact form, you may be required to provide personal, company, or other contact information.
Such information may include your name, phone number, email address, company name, your title, etc. We use this information to:
Create your unique login to the Service using your provided email address;
Send you application-generated alerts for things such as timesheet or expense report approval notifications;
Contact you regarding a customer service inquiry or billing related matter;
Provide you with information regarding upcoming Service maintenance or outages, promotions, or upcoming events.
On occasion we use email addresses, or other contact information, to contact our users to ask them for their input on our Services.
Out of respect for your privacy we provide you a way to unsubscribe in the email.
On certain occasions, MindSalt may also need to notify you of important announcements related to the operation of our Services (such as an upcoming maintenance that would require a Service outage). These announcements may be sent regardless of your opt-out status and may only be avoided by ceasing your use of the Service.
When an organization's administrator creates a new user in the Service the administrator may elect to provide certain personal details about the user. This data is considered application data and is not used by MindSalt in any way other than as stated above.
By using the Service you grant MindSalt the right to list your "company" or "entity" name on our customer list, which may appear on our website and/or in our marketing materials. Individuals will not be listed, nor will we list any specific information about the account. You may request to be removed from this list at any time by contacting privacy@mindsalt.com. We may also request your permission to list your name and a statement regarding our Services in our customer testimonials.
Disclosure of Your Information
We collect your personal information for MindSalt's use alone, as described above, except:
When we have your express permission and consent;
When required by our providers, or sub-processors, that support our critical systems infrastructure (e.g. payment processing, email marketing, etc.);
When required by law or otherwise needed in connection with legal proceedings.
Your Use of Other Persons' Information
To facilitate the Service provided by MindSalt, some users (such as administrators) may be permitted to provide other users with access to the personal information of other persons. By entering into our Terms and Conditions of Service, you agree that, with respect to the personal information of other persons that you collect, use and disclose on the Site, you have all necessary consents and rights to collect, use and disclose that information as described in this Privacy Policy, and you agree that the indemnity you give to us in the Terms and Conditions of Service applies to any non-compliance by you with the foregoing.
Security of Your Data
The security of your personal information is important to us. We follow generally accepted standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once it is received. For more information regarding our security practices please click here.
Data submitted to MindSalt is only accessible by your company's administrator and those that your company's administrator has granted access to.
Your data is not available to any other users or non-users of MindSalt except in cases where our customer support team provides assistance to you and obtains your permission to access the information.
Cookies
MindSalt uses "cookies," which are short pieces of data that our server uses in order to identify and maintain your login information used in our online Service. These cookies do not contain any personal or private data.
Children
The MindSalt Services are intended solely for persons 16 years of age and older. If you learn that a child under the age of 16 has provided us with personal information without consent, please contact privacy@mindsalt.com.
Links to Third Party Websites
Links to other websites may be provided by MindSalt.com. Please review each website's privacy policy. In using such links, users should be aware that MindSalt does not take responsibility for the privacy policies of, and usage of, personal information collected by other websites including, without limitation, those of any partner or affiliate.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update this Privacy Policy to reflect changes to our information practices.
If we make any material changes we will notify you by means of a notice on this website. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
Contact Information
If you have any questions, concerns, or complaints regarding this policy statement, the practices of this site, or privacy regarding use of the Service, please contact privacy@mindsalt.com or mail us at:
Privacy OfficerMindSalt CorporationP.O. Box 561286Rockledge, FL 32956-1286
Start your own unlimited trial, free for 30 days.
Get Started - It's Free
No credit card required. No software to install. Cancel at anytime.