http://www.ikano.com/privacy
Home
Companies
Hosted Voice
Broadband Access
Partners
About Us
Company
Management
News/Press
Contact Us
Where are you?   [Home]  >  Privacy Policy
IKANO Communications Online Privacy Policy
IKANO Communications ("IKANO") is committed to respecting and protecting the privacy of its Website users. Please read this privacy policy carefully to understand what information IKANO collects about users of this Website and how it uses and shares that information with others. This privacy policy applies only to this Website and to other websites that link to this privacy policy, and does not apply to information collected in any other way by IKANO (whether offline or online).
Modifications to this Privacy Policy
IKANO reserves the right to modify this privacy policy at any time by posting the revised version on this Website and updating the effective date. Such changes will be effective upon posting, and we encourage you to check this Website frequently to see the current privacy policy in effect and any changes that have been made to it.
What Information Do We Collect?
IKANO and third parties working on our behalf collect personal information that you provide on this Website or on third parties' websites as designated by IKANO that link to this privacy policy, such as through forms you choose to submit to contact us to obtain more information about or register for an event. Personal information may include, but is not limited to, name, address, e-mail address, and other contact information.
IKANO, third parties working on our behalf, and our partners, including social networking sites, may also place, view, and/or use "cookies," web server logs, web beacons, and other electronic tools to collect statistical information about your use of this Website and other websites, such as your IP address, browser type, operating system, computer platform, web pages viewed, the date and time of your visit, the links you click within this Website, the websites used prior to visiting this Website, and whether you have been to this Website before. IKANO or such third parties may use such information either on behalf of IKANO or for the other parties' own purposes, including research and analysis, to enhance your experience with this Website, to provide you with certain functions on this Website, to create aggregate and anonymous information about usage of this Website and other websites, etc. The collection, use, and disclosure of the information by these third parties is governed by their own privacy policies and is not the responsibility of IKANO. However, if you have deleted and disabled cookies, these uses will not be possible to the extent they are based on cookie information.
Most browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually set your browser to disable cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. The help function on most browsers contains instructions on how to set your browser to notify you before accepting cookies, disable cookies entirely, or how to disable the collection of geo-location data. You need to set each browser, on each device you use to surf the Web. Similarly, if you connect to the Web from multiple devices (e.g., work and home), you need to set each browser on each device. However, if you disable cookies or refuse to accept a request to place a cookie, it is possible that some parts of this Website will not function properly.
How Do We Use and Share Your Personal Information and Other Information?
IKANO and third parties working on our behalf use the information we have about you for internal business purposes, to communicate with you, respond to your requests, enhance our services to you, compile aggregate statistics, and improve this Website. IKANO and third parties working on our behalf may also use your information to provide you with information about this Website and its services, and about IKANO. To assist us with our use and sharing of your information, information covered by this privacy policy, including information about your use of this Website, may be combined with or enhanced by other information that we have from other online or offline sources.
We may also share your information with third parties as permitted or required by law, including: (a) with service providers that assist in operating our business; (b) to comply with the law or in response to a subpoena, court order, government request, or other legal process; (c) to produce relevant documents or information in connection with litigation, arbitration, mediation, adjudication, government or internal investigations, or other legal or administrative proceedings; (d) to protect the interests, rights, safety, or property of IKANO or others; (e) to enforce any terms of service or other legal disclosures on or related to this Website; (f) in connection with a sale or other transfer of all or some of the assets of IKANO and/or in connection with a sale or merger of IKANO or any division of IKANO; (g) to provide you with the services or products requested by you, and to perform other activities related to such services and products; (h) to operate IKANO's systems properly; or (i) any other sharing with your consent.
Security
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use reasonable administrative, technical, personnel, and physical measures. These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings.
Links to Third-Party Websites
This Website may contain links to third-party websites, including social networking sites. Since we do not control third-party websites and are not responsible for any information you may provide while on such websites, we encourage you to read the privacy policies on those websites before providing any of your information on such websites.
Accessing and Updating Your Personal Information
To access, review, rectify, or delete your name, e-mail address, phone number, or physical address, or your business name, business e-mail address, business address, or business phone number collected about you through this Website, please contact us at info@ikano.com. Please include the following information in all requests: first name, last name, and e-mail address. While IKANO will make reasonable efforts to fulfill your request, we also reserve the right to impose certain restrictions and requirements on such access requests, if allowed or required by applicable laws.
Consent to Transfer of Personal Information to Other Countries
Some of the uses and disclosures mentioned in this privacy policy may involve the transfer of your personal information to various countries around the world that may have different levels of privacy protection than your country. By submitting your personal information through this Website, you consent to such transfers and to the processing of your personal information in such countries.
Questions Regarding this Privacy Policy
If you have questions regarding this privacy policy, please contact us at info@ikano.com.
IKANO Companies in the News
Broadvoice Acquires DSL Extreme
Feb 11, 2015 - Broadvoice today announced that it has acquired the broadband Internet access business of IKANO Communications, including IKANO's flagship brand DSL Extreme - a leading provider of high-speed Internet... [Read More]
Broadvoice Ranked on Fast 500
Nov 17, 2014 - Broadvoice today announced it ranked number 316 on Deloitte's Technology Fast 500™, a ranking of the 500 fastest growing technology, media, telecommunications, life sciences and clean technology... [Read More]
DSL Extreme Launches trueSTREAM
Sept 10, 2014 - DSL Extreme, a leading broadband Internet access provider nationwide, today announced the launch of trueSTREAM in 21 states across the U.S trueSTREAM is the company's fastest Internet... [Read More]
STAY CONNECTED
winweb3
COPYRIGHT © 2020 IKANO COMMUNICATIONS - PRIVACY POLICY - CONTACT US