https://www.beyondroi.com/privacy/
No menu assigned!
Privacy
BeyondROI, LLC (“BeyondROI” or “we”) is committed to protecting the privacy of your personal information, and this privacy statement explains how BeyondROI treats your personal information when you use this site. By using this site and submitting any information, you consent to BeyondROI’s use of such information as described herein.
Data Collection
We collect only personally identifiable information that is specifically and voluntarily provided by visitors to BeyondROI’s website. beyondROI may receive identifiable information, such as name, job title, and company name, address, email address, telephone and fax numbers, from website visitors. A visitor may choose to provide personal information in the following examples:
Subscribe or order newsletters and/or publications
Submit resumes or work history information
Participate in “join our mailing list” initiatives
Participate in bulletin boards, discussion or message forums
Enter quick surveys, quizzes or benchmarking surveys
Register for events and conferences
Register for premium online services
Contact us for further information
Submit organizational information, such as company metrics
Demographic information, including gender and occupation, is not actively sought, but may be submitted when a visitor responds to an online job application. It is BeyondROI’s policy to limit the information collected to only the minimum information required to complete a visitor’s request. If a visitor believes the site has collected excessive information, we encourage the visitor to contact us by email via “privacy@beyondroi.com” to raise any concerns. In any instance where non-mandatory information is sought, the website visitor will be notified of this at the point of collection.
Visitors are also able to send email through the site. BeyondROI’s intention is not to seek any sensitive information through our website unless legally required. Sensitive information includes a number of types of data relating to: race or ethnic origin; political opinions; religious or other similar beliefs; trade union membership; physical or mental health; sexual life or criminal record. We suggest that you do not provide sensitive information of this nature. If you choose to provide sensitive information for any reason, BeyondROI accepts your explicit consent to use that information in the ways described in this privacy statement or as described at the point where you choose to disclose this information.
Use of Data
When a visitor provides personal information to us, we use it for the purposes for which it was provided to us as stated at the point of collection (or as obvious from the context of collection). Examples of the types of use are given in the ‘Data collection’ section above. We may also use your data to contact you with information about BeyondROI’s business, services and events, and other information which may be of interest to you. You may unsubscribe from our mailing list at any time by contacting us as set out in the ‘Unsubscribe’ section below or through the unsubscribe link in our communication to you. BeyondROI’s may also use your information in order to administer and manage the site or communicate with you about the site.
Our websites do not collect or compile personally identifying information for dissemination or sale to outside parties for consumer marketing purposes, or host mailings on behalf of third parties. If you would like to find out more about the different categories of information collected, please review the ‘Data collection’ section.
Cookies & Log Files
Cookies may be used on some pages of our site. “Cookies” are small text files placed on your hard drive that assist us in providing a more customized website experience. For example, a cookie can be used to store registration information in an area of the site so that a user does not need to re-enter it on subsequent visits to that area. It is BeyondROI’s policy to use cookies to make navigation of our websites easier for visitors and to facilitate efficient registration procedures. Site statistics are compiled by third parties and therefore your IP address will be passed to third parties for statistical reporting only.
If you are concerned about cookies, most browsers permit individuals to decline cookies. In most cases, a visitor may refuse a cookie and still fully navigate our websites, however other functionality in the site may be impaired. After termination of the visit to our site, you can always delete the cookie from your system if you wish.
In order to properly manage our website we may anonymously log information on our operational systems, and identify categories of visitors by items such as domains and browser types. These statistics are reported in the aggregate to our webmasters. This is to ensure that our website presents the best web experience for visitors and is an effective information resource.
Third Parties
Personal data collected by BeyondROI may be transferred or disclosed to third party contractors, subcontractors, subsidiaries and/or other BeyondROI companies, including those outside the US, for the purposes for which the visitor has submitted the information and for the administration of our system or site and/or other internal, administrative purposes. By submitting data on BeyondROI’s website, the visitor is providing explicit consent to the transfer of such data for the fulfillment of his or her voluntary requests or otherwise as set out in the ‘Use of Data’ section.
It is BeyondROI’s policy to disclose information to third parties under the following circumstances:
As required by applicable law, statue, rule, regulation or professional standard, or through subpoena, search warrant or other legal process
For regulatory compliance purposes
When explicitly requested by a visitor
When required to deliver publications or reference materials requested by a visitor
When required to facilitate conferences or events hosted by a third party
When required to fulfill services for a visitor and/or client
Or otherwise as set out in this statement.
Third Party Links
There are several places throughout beyondroi.com that may link to other websites that do not operate under BeyondROI’s privacy practices. When you link to other websites, BeyondROI’s privacy practices no longer apply. We encourage visitors to review each site’s privacy policy before disclosing any personally identifiable information.
Data Retention
The personal data you submit to us will only be retained for as long as is required for the purposes for which it was collected. Contact information about visitors such as mailing list information is kept until a user unsubscribes to a publication or requests that we delete that information. Resumes are disposed of when they are either no longer under consideration, or are considered dated by our Human Resources departments.
Unsubscribe
Should visitors subsequently choose to unsubscribe from mailing lists or any registrations, we will provide instructions within the appropriate website area or in communications to our visitors; or a visitor may contact the webmaster of the appropriate site (for example, “webmaster (at) beyondroi.com”).
Access
Visitor updates of information should be handled by going back through the registration process. Inquiries about the accuracy of identifying information previously submitted to BeyondROI through its website, or requests to have outdated information removed, should be directed to: “webmaster (at) beyondroi.com”. BeyondROI is committed to providing reasonable and practical access to visitors to allow them the opportunity to identify and correct any inaccuracies. When requested and practical, BeyondROI will delete identifying information from current operational systems.
When personally identifiable information is retained, BeyondROI assumes responsibility for keeping an accurate record of the information once a visitor has submitted and verified the data. BeyondROI does not assume responsibility for verifying the ongoing accuracy of the content of personal information. When practically possible, if BeyondROI is informed that any personal data collected through a website is no longer accurate, BeyondROI will make appropriate corrections based on the updated information provided by the authenticated visitor.
Security
BeyondROI has implemented generally accepted standards of technology and operational security in order to protect personally identifiable information from loss, misuse, alteration or destruction. Only authorized BeyondROI personnel are provided access to personally identifiable information, and these employees have agreed to maintain the confidentiality of this information.
Children
BeyondROI understands the importance of protecting children’s privacy, especially in an online environment. The BeyondROI sites covered by this privacy statement are not intentionally designed for or directed at children under the age of 13 years. It is BeyondROI’s policy never to knowingly collect or maintain personal information about children under the age of 13.
Modifications
BeyondROI may update this statement at any time by publishing an updated version here. You can access the most current version of this privacy statement at any time on this site.
Client Login
Join Meeting
Privacy
Sitemap
Contact
GET DIGITAL INSIGHTS
Tips, industry reports, case studies and more!
© 2020 BeyondROI®.
Your Link to Success™.
HOME
Client Login
Solutions
Advertising
Brand Development
Earned Media
Digital Advisory
Advocacy Advertising
Accelerator Program
Partner Fulfillment
About
Our Story
Leadership
Methodology
ROI Labs
Careers
Fit
Who We Best Serve
Industry Expertise
Credentials
Endorsements
Qualifications
Become a Service Partner
Referral Program
BCVP
Schedule A Consultation
Contact
800.498.4ROI
WHAT WE VALUE
Excellence
We are committed to winning with integrity. We know leadership is hard-won and should never be taken for granted. We aspire to flawless execution and don't take shortcuts on quality. We seek the best talent and promote its development. We are flexible and learn from our mistakes.
Teamwork
We treat one another with respect and communicate openly. We foster collaboration while maintaining individual accountability. We encourage the best ideas to surface from anywhere in the company. We appreciate the value of multiple perspectives and diverse expertise.
Innovation
We thrive on creativity and ingenuity. We seek the innovations and ideas that can change the world. We anticipate market trends and move quickly to embrace them. We are not afraid to take informed, responsible risk.
Community
We share an infectious sense of mission to make an impact on society and empower businesses in ways never before possible. We are committed to serving both the Internet community and our own communities.
Client Fixation
We respect our clients above all else and never forget that they choose to partner with us. We share a personal responsibility to maintain our clients' loyalty and trust. We listen and respond to our clients and seek to exceed their expectations.
Fun
We believe humor is essential to success. We applaud irreverence and don't take ourselves too seriously. We celebrate achievement.
WHAT WE DON'T VALUE
Bureaucracy
Broken Links
Ho-Hum
Decaf
Losing
Good Enough
Boring
Arrogance
A Stick In The Eye
Discrimination
Status Quo
A Cog In The Wheel
Formality
Bugs
Irrelevance
Sloth
CD-ROMS In The Mail
Pop-Ups
Quick Fix
Passing The Buck
Shoes Worn At All Times
Micromanaging
90%
Additives & Preservatives
Hurry Up & Wait
Bad Grammar
Monday Morning Quarterback
Entitlement
Too Big For Your Britches
All Work, No Fooz
ALL CAPS
Closed Doors
Same Ol' Same Ol'
Vaporware
20/20 Hindsight
Fads
Swashbuckling
Early Meetings
Missing The Boat
Behind The Curve
Head In The Sand
Following
Bad Apples
High Horses
Impossible
One Size Fits All
Playing Catch-Up
Yesterday's News
All Bark
Spam
Shoulda Coulda Woulda
Typos
Rear-View Mirror
Punching The Clock
Schedule A Consultation
Company
First Name
Last Name
Email
Phone
Message
Qualification