http://www.computerhouse.com/policies/
Policies
;
Computer House / Premier Computer Services, LLC, WARRANTY ,TERMS AND SERVICES AND ACCEPTABLE USE POLICY (AUP POLICIES):
Updated 2020
Please read all information before and while using our services as these warranties, terms and conditions and services may change at no notification to the customer.  If you cannot read this online document please email us for a PDF version.  Computer House / Premier Computer Services, LLC may at times be referred to as Computer House, Inc, PCS, Premier Computer, Computer House or we or us.  Computer House / Premier Computer Services, LLC does not condone the use of information that could infringe or be a violation of a third party’s privacy rights. We reserve the right to terminate a customer’s services for violating a third party’s privacy rights without refund.  AUP stands for Acceptable Use Policy and may be abbreviated on this page as AUP.
Note: Computer House / Premier Computer Services, LLC, reserves the right to alter any terms and conditions at any time without notification.  Please refer back to this page for changes. Please consult this page for updates to terms and conditions. All clients that use our services or products are subject to all terms and conditions. All calls to and from clients may be recorded and monitored.
Acceptable Use Policy
This AUP is incorporated by reference in your order for Mail, Web or Networking Services. Capitalized terms used in this AUP and not otherwise defined shall have the meaning given in the Master Services Agreement.  The Master Services Agreement refers to a third party company that Computer House may use for services.
Computer House / Premier Computer Services, LLC, may block mail that violates this AUP. In addition, your Services may be suspended or terminated for violation of this AUP in accordance with the Master Services Agreement. Inquiries regarding this policy should be directed to abuse@computerhouse.com.
You may not use your Mail Service to send Bulk Mail. Bulk Mail means email messages of similar content that are sent to more than two hundred and fifty (250) recipients. Attempts to circumvent this restriction by breaking up bulk email over time, using multiple accounts, or other means will be a violation of this restriction.
This article discusses the sending limit parameters enforced on the Computer House hosted email systems. These restrictions are in place to protect the email service and ensure a timely and reliable experience for all customers.
Computer House enforces daily sending limits by using the following criteria:
Limits are applied per email address.
Sending Limit: 10,000 recipients/day
Daily limits apply to a 24-hour calendar day (00:00:00 until 23:59:59) and restrict the total number of recipients to which a user can send messages in this period.
Users are limited to 10,000 total recipients per 24-hour period. Counting recipients is different than counting messages. For example, sending 100 emails that each have 100 recipients is counted the same as sending 10,000 emails that each have a single recipient.
Receiving limit: 400 messages/10 minutes
The mail platform limits the rate at which a mailbox can receive messages. The purpose of the receiving limit is to control the rate at which a user is receiving mail. This helps to ensure a positive user experience when accessing, reading, and sending email. It also protects all users from a degraded experience due to a small number of users utilizing the majority of resources.
If a mailbox receives over 400 messages in a 10-minute period, any additional messages in that period will be deferred. Email senders will typically retry a deferred message at least once, possibly resulting in the message still being delivered after a short delay.
Mailboxes designated to receive high-volume automated email have an increased potential of being impacted by this limit. For example, mailboxes set to receive from devices or programs that send diagnostic information via email, and systems which generate high volumes of email from services like CRMs and support ticketing systems.
Automated email and spam are restricted at much lower limits to protect the integrity of the system. Computer House reserves the right to change any limits without warning or notice to ensure the integrity of the email service. For further information about limits for Computer House hosted email systems contact us.
You may not use a third party other than an authorized Computer House / Premier Computer Services, LLC, partner to send Bulk Mail that references a Mail Service email address or that has a Mail Service return email address.
You may not intentionally use your Mail Service for the purpose of receiving bulk email from others. For example, you may not submit any Mail Service email address to a Safelist or Free for All (FFA) list.
Mail messages sent to other users within your domain names hosted on Computer House / Premier Computer Services, LLC, system are not Bulk Mail.
Unsolicited Mail
You may not send unsolicited email. Email is unsolicited if you have no pre-existing relationship with the recipient, unless the recipient has published or otherwise provided or his or her email address in a manner which implies consent to receive the email.
Message Source
You may not obscure the source of your email in any manner, including by intentionally omitting, forging, or misrepresenting messages headers or return addresses.
Offensive Content
You may not use the Mail Services to distribute content or links to content that Computer House / Premier Computer Services, LLC, reasonably believes:
constitutes, depicts, fosters, promotes or relates in any manner to child pornography, bestiality, or non-consensual sex acts;
is excessively violent, incites violence, threatens violence or contains harassing content or hate speech;
is unfair or deceptive under the consumer protection laws of any jurisdiction, including chain letters and pyramid schemes;
is defamatory or violates a person’s privacy;
creates a risk to a person’s safety or health, creates a risk to public safety or health, compromises national security or interferes with a investigation by law enforcement;
improperly exposes trade secrets or other confidential or proprietary information of another person;
is intended to assist others in defeating technical copyright protections;
infringes on another person’s copyright, trade or service mark, patent or other property right;
promotes illegal drugs, violates export control laws, relates to illegal gambling or illegal arms trafficking;
is otherwise illegal or solicits conduct that is illegal under laws applicable to you or to Computer House / Premier Computer Services, LLC,;
is otherwise malicious or fraudulent, or may result in retaliation against Computer House / Premier Computer Services, LLC, by offended recipients;
or is intended to harass or threaten.
You may not send email of any kind to a person who has indicated that they do not wish to receive it.
Customer shall not publish, transmit or store on or via the Services content or links to content that Computer House reasonably believes relates in any manner to child pornography, bestiality, non-consensual sex acts, or live sex acts; or is excessively violent, incites or threatens violence, contains harassing content or hate speech, violates a person’s privacy, is malicious or morally repugnant.
Security
You may not probe, scan, or test Computer House / Premier Computer Services, LLC’s systems for vulnerabilities.
You may not violate or attempt to violate Computer House / Premier Computer Services, LLC’s security measures.
You may not use Computer House / Premier Computer Services, LLC’s services to probe, scan or test a third party’s systems for vulnerabilities, or to violate or attempt to violate a third party’s security measures. Examples of security violations are: (i) attempting to access data not intended for your use; (ii) attempting to log into an account that you are not authorized to access; (iii) attempting to obtain services you have not paid for (including Computer House / Premier Computer Services, LLC,Services); (iv) attempting to discover another person’s authentication information; and (v) interfering with another user’s use of the Services.
You must use reasonable security precautions in connection with your use of the Services, such as a desktop virus scanner and firewall. If your Service is exploited by a third party, Computer House / Premier Computer Services, LLC, may suspend your Services until the vulnerability is addressed. For example, Computer House / Premier Computer Services, LLC may suspend your Mail Service if you are distributing a virus, even if you are unaware that you are distributing a virus.You may not send email of any kind to a person who has indicated that they do not wish to receive it.
VULNERABILITY TESTING. Customer shall not attempt to test the vulnerability of a Computer House system or network, or attempt to breach Computer House security measures, by any means (Customer may conduct vulnerability testing of their Hosted System only with Computer House’s prior written consent).
EXPORT CONTROL. Customer shall ensure Services are not used in breach of export laws, controls, regulations or sanction policies of the United States or Customer’s applicable jurisdiction. Customer shall ensure Services are not used by any person or entity suspected of involvement or affiliation with those involved in activities or causes relating to: human trafficking; illegal gambling; terrorism; narcotics trafficking; arms trafficking or the proliferation, development, design, manufacture, production, stockpiling, or use of nuclear, chemical, or biological weapons, weapons of mass destruction, or missiles.
COOPERATION WITH INVESTIGATIONS AND PROCEEDINGS. Customer agrees Computer House may permit a relevant authority to inspect Customer’s content or traffic if Computer House is legally required to do so, provided Computer House gives Customer reasonable prior notice (where permitted by applicable law and regulation). Computer House may report to appropriate authorities any Customer conduct Computer House believes violates applicable law without notice to Customer (including providing any information about Customer, its users or traffic). Computer House may cooperate in response to a formal request from a law enforcement or regulatory agency investigating conduct Computer House believes violates applicable law, or in a civil action that on its face meets the requirements for such a request.
DOMAIN NAMES, IP ADDRESSES AND DNS RECORDS. Customer shall maintain valid information with Customer’s domain name registrar for any domain hosted on the Computer House network, and only use IP addresses assigned to Customer by Computer House in connection with the Services. Customer agrees Computer House may modify, transfer or delete any DNS record or zone on Computer House managed or operated DNS servers or services upon request from the registrant or administrative contact according to the registrar’s WHOIS system.
System Abuse
You may not use the Mail Services in a way that creates technical disturbances for other Computer House / Premier Computer Services, LLC customers or for Computer House / Premier Computer Services, LLC, systems generally. In addition:
No Shared Mailboxes – each mailbox may be used by one natural person at a time. Attempts to log into a single mailbox simultaneously from more than one computer are prohibited. Mailboxes that have been disabled for more than 2 years may be removed automatically by our system. Once removed, there is no recoverable data. You may not use automated tools such as Fetchmail or Microsoft Exchange Connector to virtualize one mailbox into multiple mailboxes.
Automated Use – mailboxes are not intended for automated use such as sending emails from web servers, or receiving emails by automated programs. However, such use is permitted provided Customer does not violate this AUP. Computer House / Premier Computer Services, LLC does not provide technical support for this type of use.
Resellers
If you are a reseller of Mail Services, you are responsible for use of the Mail Services by your end users in violation of this AUP to the same extent as if you were using the Mail Services yourself.
Email Abuse Complaints
Complaints from email recipients and third party abuse agencies (e.g. SpamHaus or Spamcop) shall be deemed proof of the facts stated therein unless you provide compelling evidence to the contrary. Computer House / Premier Computer Services, LLC, shall have the right to terminate your Mail Service if we receive excessive or repeated complaints from your email recipients, regardless of whether you are in breach of this AUP or are otherwise at fault.
Customer shall not use Computer House’s Services or network to engage in, foster, solicit or promote illegal, abusive or irresponsible behavior including:
1.1. conduct likely to breach any laws, codes or regulations applicable to the parties (including conduct infringing or misappropriating intellectual property, trade secrets, confidential or proprietary information; or which is fraudulent, unfair, deceptive or defamatory);
1.2. unauthorized access to, monitoring or use of, or interference with an internet account, computer, systems, networks, data or traffic;
1.3. intentionally, knowingly or recklessly introducing any malicious code into the Services;
1.4. conduct violating rules and conventions of any domain registrar, email service, bulletin board, chat group, or forum used in conjunction with Computer House Services or network (including using false, misleading or deceptive TCP-IP packet header information in an email or newsgroup posting);
1.5. deceitfully collecting, transmitting or using information, or distributing software which covertly gathers or transmits information about a user;
1.6. distributing advertisement delivery software unless the user affirmatively consents to download and installation based on clear and conspicuous notice of the nature of the software, and can easily remove software using standard tools included on major operating systems;
1.7. conduct likely to result in retaliation or adverse action against Computer House or its services, network, website or Representatives (including resulting in listing of Computer House IP space on an abuse database);
1.8. conduct intended to withhold or cloak identity or contact information, registering to use Services under a false name, or using an invalid or unauthorized credit card in connection with Services;
1.9. gambling activity violating any applicable codes of practice, required licenses or technical standards;
1.10. use of any Computer House provided shared system in a way that unnecessarily interferes with the normal operation of the shared system, or consumes a disproportionate share of system resources; and
1.11. conduct creating a risk to safety or health, national security or law enforcement.
Blacklisting/Retaliation
Computer House / Premier Computer Services, LLC may terminate your Services if your email address or related IP number(s) is/are blacklisted by any third party, or Computer House / Premier Computer Services, LLC, is retaliated against as a result of your email, regardless of whether you are in breach of this AUP or are otherwise at fault.
Third Party Mail Marketing
You may not use your Mail Service to send Bulk Mail (defined above) except via a mail marketing service that we have approved in advance.
You must comply with the CAN-SPAM Act of 2003 and other laws and regulations applicable to bulk and commercial mail. In addition, you must meet all of the following requirements:
The mail may be sent only to individuals who have affirmatively indicated they wish to receive it;
Your procedures for seeking consent include reasonable means to ensure that the person giving consent is the owner of the email address for which consent is given;
You retain evidence of each recipient’s consent in a form that can be promptly produced on request, and you honor the recipient’s and Computer House / Premier Computer Services, LLC’s requests to produce consent evidence within 72 hours of receipt of the request.
You have procedures in place that allow a recipient to revoke their consent such as a link in the body of the email, or instructions to reply with the word Remove in the subject line;
you honor revocations of consent within 48 hours, and you notify recipients that the revocation of their consent will be implemented within 48 hours;
You have procedures in place to prevent you from adding to a list a recipient who has previously revoked their consent;
You must post an email address for complaints (such as abuse@yourdoman.com) in a conspicuous place on any website associated with the email, you must register that address at abuse.net, and you must promptly respond to messages sent to that address;
You must have a Privacy Policy posted for each domain associated with the mailing;
The subject line of the email must clearly describe the subject matter contained in the email, and the message must include valid contact information, including your physical address;
You have the means to track anonymous complaints;
and You must not attempt to send any message to an email address if 3 consecutive delivery rejections have occurred and the time between the third rejection and the first rejection is longer than fifteen days.
These requirements apply to distribution lists created by third parties to the same extent as if the list were created by you.
You may not use a third party email service that does not practice similar procedures for all of its customers.
Computer House / Premier Computer Services, LLC may test and otherwise monitor your compliance with these requirements and may require you to seek advance approval for any Bulk Mail. Computer House / Premier Computer Services, LLC, may throttle your mailing if your Bulk Mail is generating excess bounced messages.
Computer House reserves the right, with no notification to the customer, to delete disabled email accounts that have been disabled for over 30 days. Once deleted there is no recovery of any information from that email account including but not limited to emails, contacts and calendar.
All email boxes that are deleted from the email control panel are permanently deleted with no form of recovery. Deleted emails can be recovered using the recovery feature in the webmail by the user or by contacting support@computerhouse.com.
NETWORK INSTALLATIONS
Computer House / Premier Computer Services, LLC will provide 3-days free on-site service for any issues relating to defects in the installation of a new network or file server.  After 3 days, our normal service rates apply.  Computer House / Premier Computer Services, LLC does not provide warranty service or support for software applications or issues caused by software. This includes, but not limited to, Windows Critical Updates and Service Packs. To qualify for priority status and receive a reduced rate for continuing service, we recommend our pre-paid service contract.  (See below).
Non-Dell COMPUTERS, COMPONENT PURCHASES, REPAIRS & UPGRADES:
10-days parts and labor – Repair or replacement will take place within 7 business days when possible.  This warranty does not cover software or problems caused by software, internal tampering, abuse, misuse, voltage surges, improper maintenance or operation, or failure caused by components not installed by Computer House / Premier Computer Services, LLC.  In all cases, the manufacturer’s warranty takes priority.  This warranty does not cover travel expenses.
AFTER 10 DAYS – Computer House / Premier Computer Services, LLC RMA Policy
Most of the items that we sell carry a manufacturer’s warranty of 1-3 years or more.  If a component fails after our 10-day coverage period, please contact the manufacturer for repair or replacement.  As an alternative, Computer House / Premier Computer Services, LLC can facilitate the manufacturer’s RMA process for you for a flat rate of $35.  This price includes UPS ground shipping to and from the manufacturer.  You must provide us with the original shipping box.  Additional charges will apply if Computer House / Premier Computer Services, LLC supplies the packaging.
USED EQUIPMENT
10-days, parts and labor.  This warranty does not cover software or problems caused by software, internal tampering, abuse, misuse, voltage surges, improper maintenance or operation, or failure caused by components not installed by Computer House / Premier Computer Services, LLC.
SOFTWARE
Due to the thousands of different programs on the market, Computer House / Premier Computer Services, LLC does not provide free support for software.  Please check your software manual or call the manufacturer’s support number.
RETURN POLICY:
Merchandise returned within 10 days is subject to a 20% restocking fee.  No returns after 7 business days.  No returns on software.  Defective software will be replaced by the manufacturer.
MISC. POLICIES
We recommend regular backups of your hard drive.  Computer House / Premier Computer Services, LLC is not responsible for loss of data by any means or person. The customer should always back up important information before letting our technicians work on their equipment or software. Checks returned by the bank are subject to a $40.00 charge.  All prices and policies are subject to change without notice.
RECOMMENDED OPTIONS:
Computer House / Premier Computer Services, LLC Pre-Paid Service Contract
Provides many benefits including a reduced rate for labor, and priority handling of your call.
10 Hours at $105/hr
15 Hours at $95/hr
20 Hours at $85/hr
(Call your Sales Rep. to request a sample copy of the contract and get the most up-to-date pricing. Prices subject to change.)
Dell Warranties:
Dell provides their own warranties on all of their products. Please refer to Dell’s website for their Terms and Conditions. By purchasing computer equipment from Premier Computer Services, LLC, you are required to abide by Dell’s acceptable use policies and warranties.
Please always refer to their website for the latest policies.  This is the current URL at the time of this posting: http://www.dell.com/content/topics/segtopic.aspx/policy_warranties_popup?c=us&l=en&cs=19
Service Rates
January, 2020
Labor Rates
In-Shop Service (Std. Operating Systems)$115.00 per Hour
In-Shop Service (Pro. Operating Systems)$115.00 per Hour
Laptops $115.00 per Hour
Onsite Service $115.00 per Hour
Overtime Rate $150.00 per Hour
Emergency Service $190.00 per Hour
Reduced-rate Contract Service lowest rate $80.00 per Hour
Telephone/Remote Access Support (Commercial) $115.00 per hour (Half-Hour Minimum)
Telephone/Remote Access Support (Residential) $65.00 per hour (1 Hour Minimum)
Payment Processing, Security and Privacy Statement
Travel Rates
In NJ there are no travel rates unless otherwise negotiated with the client.
Payment Processing Policy
Computer House / Premier Computer Services, LLC, processes most domain renewal transactions through the ShopCo.com payment processing system. ShopCo.com uses industry standard Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption, as well as private links to international banking networks, to ensure your information is quickly and securely authorized and processed. Payments made on our site will appear as SHOPCO DomainName on your credit card statement.
Security Policy
Your credit card information is protected in two ways. First of all, as a result of the SSL-based encryption, your card number is ALWAYS secure during transmission. A visual means of confirming this is for you to watch the small padlock icon in your browser. While on any page where financial information is to be entered, this icon will change to a locked state, denoting a secure page. This security measure is privately audited by an independent third-party, Geotrust, whose icon you can click on from any secured page to confirm its secure status.
Secondly, our private links to banking networks ensure that your sensitive information is ALWAYS secure once we have received it. All the information traveling on our banking network is guaranteed 100% secure.
Shopco actively works with international banking institutions and law enforcement to discover and prosecute cases of fraudulent credit card use. All connections to, and transactions within Shopco are logged and regularly audited. WE USE ALL MEANS AVAILABLE TO US TO PURSUE CRIMINAL PROSECUTION AGAINST PERSONS ATTEMPTING FRAUD OR UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OUR SYSTEMS, IN ALL ICPO/INTERPOL JURISDICTIONS.
Paypal, Merchant Services, American Express, Visa, MasterCard, Discover, Network Solutions, Opensrs, Thawte, Comodo and any other companies that Computer House / Premier Computer Services, LLC uses or works with has their own warranties, acceptable use policies and agreements that must be adhered to by any customers using Computer House / Premier Computer Services, LLC’s services. Failure to adhere to their policies can result in termination of your services with Computer House / Premier Computer Services, LLC. You must visit their websites to obtain the latest information on all of their policies.
Private Information Policy
We appreciate that many users do not feel comfortable providing their real address, due to The high incidence of junk mail we all suffer from. Our privacy guarantee specifically states that we will NOT share, barter, sell, or trade your confidential information with ANYONE, under ANY circumstances (except in the case of legal proceedings). From time to time, Computer House / Premier Computer Services, LLC, may use your personal information to contact you by electronic mail concerning our services. These communications are intended to inform you of important information regarding your account, or about general services provided by Computer House / Premier Computer Services, LLC If you do not want to receive email from us regarding new services, please click the unsubscribe link which is included at the bottom of any email you receive from Computer House / Premier Computer Services, LLC However, in order to fulfill our service obligations to you, we will continue to send you emails regarding your account administration, as well as any necessary information, such as renewal instructions.
WHOIS PRIVACY SERVICE/ Policies
On December 1, 2016, ICANN enacted a new domain registration transfer policy preventing domains from being transferred within 60 days of WhoIS registrant changes.
We will now be unable to transfer domain registration to a different registrar if any WhoIS information has been modified within 60 days prior to the transfer request. This would include any changes to first name, last name, organization or email address fields for the owner of the domain, called the domain registrant.
The following terms and conditions will apply if you subscribe to the Whois Privacy Service:
* Subscribers to the Whois Privacy Service have elected to include the following information in the publicly available Whois Registry:
1. Contactprivacy.com shall appear as the Registrant and Contacts name(s);
2. Tucows’ postal address and a Tucows assigned email address and telephone number shall appear on behalf of the Registrant and the Contact(s);
3. The primary and secondary nameservers shall be those designated by the Registrant;
4. The original date of registration and the expiration of each domain name;
5. Tucows will be identified as the registrar of record.
* You understand and agree that the Registrant and Contact Information that you have provided will be kept on file. You further agree and warrant that you will ensure that the Whois Information is true, accurate and up to date.
* You will will retain complete control over the domain name and its registration records and may suspend and reinstate the Whois Privacy Service at your discretion.
* The Whois Privacy Service may be used with both new and existing domain name registrations. You may use the Whois Privacy Service with respect to a domain name that has been transferred but it will only commence after the transfer has been completed. If you wish to transfer the domain name to a different registrar,the Whois Privacy Service must be disabled in order to initiate the transfer.
* We will send all obligatory renewal and transfer related messages to the Contacts you have designated.
* Communications Forwarding. Communications received with respect to a particular domain name registration will be handled as follows: (i) We will forward to you or a Contact all correspondence received by registered mail or traceable courier. This information may be opened, scanned and emailed to you or your Contact. Regular postal mail will be discarded or returned to sender at our discretion. (ii) Email correspondence will be forwarded according to the instructions of the Registrant as they appear in our records. (iii) A voice mail message will advise all callers that inbound messages will not be accepted; calls will be directed to the contactprivacy.com web site where written messages will be forwarded according to your instructions. (iv) We will only be responsible for forwarding communications where our details have appeared in the whois and when your Whois Information is accurate, complete and up to date.
* Right to Suspend and Disable. We shall have the right, at our sole discretion and without liability to you or any of your Contacts, suspend or cancel your domain name and to reveal Registrant and Contact Whois Information in certain circumstances, including but not limited to the following: (i) when required by law; (ii) in the good faith belief that disclosure is necessary to further determination of an alleged breach of a law; (iii) to comply with a legal process served upon Tucows; (iv) to resolve any and all third party claims including but not limited to ICANN’s or a Registry’s dispute resolution policy; (v) to avoid financial loss or legal liability (v) to avoid financial loss or legal liability; (vi) if we believe that you or one of your Contacts is using the Whois Privacy Service to conceal involvement with illegal, illicit, objectionable or harmful activities; or (vii) to transmit SPAM, viruses, worms or other harmful computer programs.
* You understand and agree that, in the event that we receive a formal complaint, notice of claim or UDRP, that we will have the right to disable the Whois Privacy Service pending final disposition of the matter.
Uniform Domain Name Dispute Resolution Policy
Policy Adopted: August 26, 1999
Implementation Documents Approved: October 24, 1999
Notes:
1. This policy is now in effect. See www.icann.org/udrp/udrp-schedule.htm for the implementation schedule.
2. This policy has been adopted by all ICANN-accredited registrars. It has also been adopted by certain managers of country-code top-level domains (e.g., .nu, .tv, .ws).
3. The policy is between the registrar (or other registration authority in the case of a country-code top-level domain) and its customer (the domain-name holder or registrant). Thus, the policy uses we and our to refer to the registrar and it uses you and your to refer to the domain-name holder.
Uniform Domain Name Dispute Resolution Policy
(As Approved by ICANN on October 24, 1999)
1. Purpose. This Uniform Domain Name Dispute Resolution Policy (the Policy) has been adopted by the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (ICANN), is incorporated by reference into your Registration Agreement, and sets forth the terms and conditions in connection with a dispute between you and any party other than us (the registrar) over the registration and use of an Internet domain name registered by you. Proceedings under Paragraph 4 of this Policy will be conducted according to the Rules for Uniform Domain Name Dispute Resolution Policy (the Rules of Procedure), which are available at www.icann.org/udrp/udrp-rules-24oct99.htm, and the selected administrative-dispute-resolution service provider’s supplemental rules.
2. Your Representations. By applying to register a domain name, or by asking us to maintain or renew a domain name registration, you hereby represent and warrant to us that (a) the statements that you made in your Registration Agreement are complete and accurate; (b) to your knowledge, the registration of the domain name will not infringe upon or otherwise violate the rights of any third party; (c) you are not registering the domain name for an unlawful purpose; and (d) you will not knowingly use the domain name in violation of any applicable laws or regulations. It is your responsibility to determine whether your domain name registration infringes or violates someone else’s rights.
3. Cancellations, Transfers, and Changes. We will cancel, transfer or otherwise make changes to domain name registrations under the following circumstances:
a. subject to the provisions of Paragraph 8, our receipt of written or appropriate electronic instructions from you or your authorized agent to take such action;
b. our receipt of an order from a court or arbitral tribunal, in each case of competent jurisdiction, requiring such action; and/or
c. our receipt of a decision of an Administrative Panel requiring such action in any administrative proceeding to which you were a party and which was conducted under this Policy or a later version of this Policy adopted by ICANN. (See Paragraph 4(i) and (k) below.)
We may also cancel, transfer or otherwise make changes to a domain name registration in accordance with the terms of your Registration Agreement or other legal requirements.
4. Mandatory Administrative Proceeding.
This Paragraph sets forth the type of disputes for which you are required to submit to a mandatory administrative proceeding. These proceedings will be conducted before one of the administrative-dispute-resolution service providers listed at www.icann.org/udrp/approved-providers.htm (each, a Provider).
a. Applicable Disputes. You are required to submit to a mandatory administrative proceeding in the event that a third party (a complainant) asserts to the applicable Provider, in compliance with the Rules of Procedure, that
(i) your domain name is identical or confusingly similar to a trademark or service mark in which the complainant has rights; and
(ii) you have no rights or legitimate interests in respect of the domain name; and
(iii) your domain name has been registered and is being used in bad faith.
In the administrative proceeding, the complainant must prove that each of these three elements are present.
b. Evidence of Registration and Use in Bad Faith. For the purposes of Paragraph 4(a)(iii), the following circumstances, in particular but without limitation, if found by the Panel to be present, shall be evidence of the registration and use of a domain name in bad faith:
(i) circumstances indicating that you have registered or you have acquired the domain name primarily for the purpose of selling, renting, or otherwise transferring the domain name registration to the complainant who is the owner of the trademark or service mark or to a competitor of that complainant, for valuable consideration in excess of your documented out-of-pocket costs directly related to the domain name; or
(ii) you have registered the domain name in order to prevent the owner of the trademark or service mark from reflecting the mark in a corresponding domain name, provided that you have engaged in a pattern of such conduct; or
(iii) you have registered the domain name primarily for the purpose of disrupting the business of a competitor; or
(iv) by using the domain name, you have intentionally attempted to attract, for commercial gain, Internet users to your web site or other on-line location, by creating a likelihood of confusion with the complainant’s mark as to the source, sponsorship, affiliation, or endorsement of your web site or location or of a product or service on your web site or location.
c. How to Demonstrate Your Rights to and Legitimate Interests in the Domain Name in Responding to a Complaint. When you receive a complaint, you should refer to Paragraph 5 of the Rules of Procedure in determining how your response should be prepared. Any of the following circumstances, in particular but without limitation, if found by the Panel to be proved based on its evaluation of all evidence presented, shall demonstrate your rights or legitimate interests to the domain name for purposes of Paragraph 4(a)(ii):
(i) before any notice to you of the dispute, your use of, or demonstrable preparations to use, the domain name or a name corresponding to the domain name in connection with a bona fide offering of goods or services; or
(ii) you (as an individual, business, or other organization) have been commonly known by the domain name, even if you have acquired no trademark or service mark rights; or
(iii) you are making a legitimate noncommercial or fair use of the domain name, without intent for commercial gain to misleadingly divert consumers or to tarnish the trademark or service mark at issue.
d. Selection of Provider. The complainant shall select the Provider from among those approved by ICANN by submitting the complaint to that Provider. The selected Provider will administer the proceeding, except in cases of consolidation as described in Paragraph 4(f).
e. Initiation of Proceeding and Process and Appointment of Administrative Panel. The Rules of Procedure state the process for initiating and conducting a proceeding and for appointing the panel that will decide the dispute (the Administrative Panel).
f. Consolidation. In the event of multiple disputes between you and a complainant, either you or the complainant may petition to consolidate the disputes before a single Administrative Panel. This petition shall be made to the first Administrative Panel appointed to hear a pending dispute between the parties. This Administrative Panel may consolidate before it any or all such disputes in its sole discretion, provided that the disputes being consolidated are governed by this Policy or a later version of this Policy adopted by ICANN.
g. Fees. All fees charged by a Provider in connection with any dispute before an Administrative Panel pursuant to this Policy shall be paid by the complainant, except in cases where you elect to expand the Administrative Panel from one to three panelists as provided in Paragraph 5(b)(iv) of the Rules of Procedure, in which case all fees will be split evenly by you and the complainant.
h. Our Involvement in Administrative Proceedings. We do not, and will not, participate in the administration or conduct of any proceeding before an Administrative Panel. In addition, we will not be liable as a result of any decisions rendered by the Administrative Panel.
i. Remedies. The remedies available to a complainant pursuant to any proceeding before an Administrative Panel shall be limited to requiring the cancellation of your domain name or the transfer of your domain name registration to the complainant.
j. Notification and Publication. The Provider shall notify us of any decision made by an Administrative Panel with respect to a domain name you have registered with us. All decisions under this Policy will be published in full over the Internet, except when an Administrative Panel determines in an exceptional case to redact portions of its decision.
k. Availability of Court Proceedings. The mandatory administrative proceeding requirements set forth in Paragraph 4 shall not prevent either you or the complainant from submitting the dispute to a court of competent jurisdiction for independent resolution before such mandatory administrative proceeding is commenced or after such proceeding is concluded. If an Administrative Panel decides that your domain name registration should be canceled or transferred, we will wait ten (10) business days (as observed in the location of our principal office) after we are informed by the applicable Provider of the Administrative Panel’s decision before implementing that decision. We will then implement the decision unless we have received from you during that ten (10) business day period official documentation (such as a copy of a complaint, file-stamped by the clerk of the court) that you have commenced a lawsuit against the complainant in a jurisdiction to which the complainant has submitted under Paragraph 3(b)(xiii) of the Rules of Procedure. (In general, that jurisdiction is either the location of our principal office or of your address as shown in our Whois database. See Paragraphs 1 and 3(b)(xiii) of the Rules of Procedure for details.) If we receive such documentation within the ten (10) business day period, we will not implement the Administrative Panel’s decision, and we will take no further action, until we receive (i) evidence satisfactory to us of a resolution between the parties; (ii) evidence satisfactory to us that your lawsuit has been dismissed or withdrawn; or (iii) a copy of an order from such court dismissing your lawsuit or ordering that you do not have the right to continue to use your domain name.
5. All Other Disputes and Litigation. All other disputes between you and any party other than us regarding your domain name registration that are not brought pursuant to the mandatory administrative proceeding provisions of Paragraph 4 shall be resolved between you and such other party through any court, arbitration or other proceeding that may be available.
6. Our Involvement in Disputes. We will not participate in any way in any dispute between you and any party other than us regarding the registration and use of your domain name. You shall not name us as a party or otherwise include us in any such proceeding. In the event that we are named as a party in any such proceeding, we reserve the right to raise any and all defenses deemed appropriate, and to take any other action necessary to defend ourselves.
7. Maintaining the Status Quo. We will not cancel, transfer, activate, deactivate, or otherwise change the status of any domain name registration under this Policy except as provided in Paragraph 3 above.
8. Transfers During a Dispute.
a. Transfers of a Domain Name to a New Holder. You may not transfer your domain name registration to another holder (i) during a pending administrative proceeding brought pursuant to Paragraph 4 or for a period of fifteen (15) business days (as observed in the location of our principal place of business) after such proceeding is concluded; or (ii) during a pending court proceeding or arbitration commenced regarding your domain name unless the party to whom the domain name registration is being transferred agrees, in writing, to be bound by the decision of the court or arbitrator. We reserve the right to cancel any transfer of a domain name registration to another holder that is made in violation of this subparagraph.
b. Changing Registrars. You may not transfer your domain name registration to another registrar during a pending administrative proceeding brought pursuant to Paragraph 4 or for a period of fifteen (15) business days (as observed in the location of our principal place of business) after such proceeding is concluded. You may transfer administration of your domain name registration to another registrar during a pending court action or arbitration, provided that the domain name you have registered with us shall continue to be subject to the proceedings commenced against you in accordance with the terms of this Policy. In the event that you transfer a domain name registration to us during the pendency of a court action or arbitration, such dispute shall remain subject to the domain name dispute policy of the registrar from which the domain name registration was transferred.
9. Policy Modifications. We reserve the right to modify this Policy at any time with the permission of ICANN (https://www.icann.org/.) We will post our revised Policy at at least five (5) calendar days before it becomes effective. Unless this Policy has already been invoked by the submission of a complaint to a Provider, in which event the version of the Policy in effect at the time it was invoked will apply to you until the dispute is over, all such changes will be binding upon you with respect to any domain name registration dispute, whether the dispute arose before, on or after the effective date of our change. In the event that you object to a change in this Policy, your sole remedy is to cancel your domain name registration with us, provided that you will not be entitled to a refund of any fees you paid to us. The revised Policy will apply to you until you cancel your domain name registration
Please read privacy and all policies for OpenSRS and Network solutions (Web.com). The following two links provide some information but it is the consumers responsibility to abide by all terms set by these two Domain Registrars. The following links may change based on the companies policies. Please visit their sites for the latest information and additional languages:
https://help.opensrs.com/hc/en-us/articles/204191323-Redeem-an-expired-domain
https://opensrs.com/site/resources/agreements
https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&rct=j&q=&esrc=s&source=web&cd=&ved=2ahUKEwj2wMjh8vLrAhW9kHIEHUtdCrEQFjABegQIChAD&url=https%3A%2F%2Fpartners.networksolutions.com%2Fen_US%2Fpartners%2FPolicies%2FDeletion_Policy.pdf&usg=AOvVaw1slJJooUkal6SK6mUi6Jkc
https://assets.web.com/legal/English/AcceptableUsePolicy.pdf
We are not responsible for the above links.  If they are outdated, please go to the company’s current website for the latest information.  In general, you have up to 30days after your domain expires, however, this time frame can be shortened if a back order has been placed on the domain.  Do not wait to renew your domain!  We cannot guaranty it can be recovered after it expires!  Remember this is all controlled by the Registrar and not Computer House/PCS.
The cost of domain renewal/registration is generally $18/year US currency for .com domains. Other domains can cost more or less. Contract pricing can also change pricing. It is the responsibility of the end user to provide us with the proper email or address so we can inform you of domain renewals in a timely manner. If you have a credit card on file, we may renew a domain name up to 30 days in advance of its renewal date.  Please reach out to us before that time if you wish to cancel a domain name.  Domain name sales are final and cannot be refunded. If we need to start the redemption process for an expired domain, the cost is currently $175.00 US currency. These prices can change and you should contact support@computerhouse.com for the most up-to-date pricing.
You can always contact us at the following locations for information on how to renew your domain(s:)
By Email: Contact Us
By Mail: PO Box 159 Mays Landing, NJ 08330
By Phone: 1-888-579-2112
https://help.opensrs.com/hc/en-us/articles/204191323-Redeem-an-expired-domain
(A,Miscellaneous Info… – Service billing begins when the technician leaves our office, and ends upon completion of the job.  You are not billed for return travel.  Service is billed in 30 minute increments with a one-hour minimum.  Payment is due at the time of service unless other billing arrangements are made in advance.
Internet Support For issues relating to E-mail, Domain Names, Web Hosting or Internet Access, please send your request to support@computerhouse.com, or call our 24-hour emergency hotline at (888) 579-2112.
Business Hours: Computer House Web and Email Hosting / Premier Computer Services, LLC
9:00 AM to 5:00 PM EST Monday through Friday  After Hours support by email or callback.
Please check Twitter for updates to services and availability. www.twitter.com/computerhousenj
Third party URLs may change without our knowledge.  We cannot be held responsible for URL changes.
Acceptable Use Policy All services may be used for lawful purposes only. Any applicable content a customer uploads to our servers must comply with any and all privacy laws including, but not limited to, HIPPA, GLB or the Data Protection Act or any other legislation protecting private and or personal information. Computer House / Premier Computer Services, LLC may terminate an account for violations of such privacy acts.
Computer House / Premier Computer Services, LLC collects relevant account data from the customer including addresses, phone numbers and credit card information.  We do not sell this information to third parties.  Credit Card information is solely used to pay for a customer’s services with Computer House / Premier Computer Services, LLC and it’s third party vendors.
Computer House may use third party companies to process credit card and banking transactions. All Computer House and Premier Computer Services, LLC clients are bound by all third party rules and regulations as outlined by those companies. All best efforts are made to keep all customer data secure, however, Computer House / Premier Computer Services, LLC disclaims all liabilies against loss of customer data due to any means. Transmission, storage, or presentation of any information, data or material in violation of any United States Federal, State or local law is prohibited. This includes, but is not limited to: copyrighted material, material we judge to be threatening or obscene, or material protected by trade secret and other statute. We prohibit sites that promote any illegal activity or content that may be damaging to our servers or any other server on the internet. Links to such materials are also prohibited. The subscriber agrees to indemnify and hold Computer House / Premier Computer Services, LLC harmless from any claims resulting from the use of the service which damages the subscriber or any other party. Our servers may not be the source, intermediary, or destination address involved in the transmission of Unsolicited Commercial E-mail (spam).
Your domain may not be referenced as originator, intermediary, or reply-to address in any of the above. We consider spam any mass unsolicited message in the mediums of Newsgroups and E-mail. If you are found to have spammed, then we may immediately, and without warning, disable your account. Examples of non-acceptable content or links: Pirated software, hacker programs or archives, warez sites, Etc. Computer House / Premier Computer Services, LLC will be the sole arbiter as to what constitutes a violation of this provision. E-mail Policy: Any bulk mailings sent from your domain must comply with all requirements established by the Can-Spam Act of 2003. For example, your mailing list must be derived from an opt-in system on your web site, or be a private list of your customers. You may not use a purchased mailing list. You must provide a functioning unsubscribe hyperlink in your E-mail, and the reply address must be a legitimate E-mail address on the sending domain hosted by Computer House / Premier Computer Services, LLC.
You must be diligent in keeping your mailing list up to date, and immediately remove from the list those that ask to be removed or any mails that bounce back from an invalid recipient. Your mailing must not violate nor promote the violation of any local, state or federal law. Billing Policy: Payment methods available are: Cash, check, and all major credit cards.
Web accounts are billed quarterly or annually in advance. A credit card is required for quarterly billing. Late Payment and Non-Payment Policy: Payments for web services are due on or before the due date. Past due amounts may result in your web site being disabled after 5 days, and deleted from the server after 15 days. Reinstatement of a deleted account requires a $29.00 setup fee to re-establish the account, as well as the payment of any remaining past due amounts.
Refund Policy: Setup fees, labor charges, email hosting, website hosting, domain name registration fees, SSL Certificates, Static IP addresses, offsite backup, and partial months are not refundable. No refunds are provided to customers whose accounts have been terminated due to any violation of system policies. No refunds are provided after thirty days of continuous use of any service we provide with no exceptions.
Other Charges: Returned check fee: $40.00. Sales Taxes: At the present time, internet services are not taxable, however the one-time setup fee will be taxed at 6.875% if you are a resident of New Jersey. Service Agreement and Limits of Liability: Computer House / Premier Computer Services, LLC strives to provide 100% up-time for its web and mail servers. In the event of technical difficulties, Computer House / Premier Computer Services, LLC will perform its best efforts to resolve the difficulties in the shortest time technically and physically possible. Although we perform cyclical backups for up to 3 days, we cannot guarantee the ability to restore a website, databases or email. It is the customer’s responsibility to maintain regular backups of their websites, databases and email as well as domain renewals.
Computer House / Premier Computer Services, LLC may use third party companies and services to provide services to its’ customers. You agree to abide by the third parties’ AUPs and regulations.  By using Computer House / Premier Computer Services, LLC’s services you give up all rights to bring litigation against Computer House / Premier Computer Services, LLC for direct or consequential damages.
The Computer House SLA covers three components that support the availability of your web site:
99.9% Network Uptime
We offer unmetered unlimited connectivity for our Professional web hosting packages. This means we do not restrict the amount of traffic to and from your site. We do not limit the number of connections to your site or disk activity. The only reasons for bandwidth or connectivity to be stopped is if the website is found to be compromised by a third party due to viruses or other types of network attacks/vulnerabilities such as script injections, DOS attacks, SMURF or others, or any other malicious or suspicious activity on the site including, but not limited to, file sharing sites, child pornography, phishing sites etc…anything that violates our Use policy and/or is illegal.
We guaranty that our data center network will be available 99.9% of the time in a given month, excluding scheduled maintenance. The data center network means the portion of the Computer House network extending from the outbound port on your edge device to the outbound port of the data center border router and includes Computer House managed switches, routers, cabling.
Computer House Guaranty: We will credit your account 5% of the monthly fee for each 90 minutes of network downtime, up to 50% of your monthly fee for the affected server.
Infrastructure
We guaranty that data center HVAC and power will be functioning 99.9% of the time in a given month, excluding scheduled maintenance. Power includes UPSs, PDUs and cabling, but does not include the power supplies on your servers. Infrastructure downtime exists when a particular server is shut down due to power or heat problems.
Computer House Guaranty: Computer House will credit your account 5% of the monthly fee for each 90 minutes of infrastructure downtime, up to 50% of your monthly fee for the affected server(s).
Hardware
We guaranty the functioning of all server hardware components and will replace any failed component at no cost. Hardware means the processor(s), RAM, hard disk(s), motherboard, NIC card and other related hardware included with the server. Hardware replacement will begin once we identify the cause of the problem. Hardware replacement is guaranteed to be complete within four hours of problem
identification.
Computer House Guaranty: We will credit your account 5% of the monthly fee per additional hour of downtime, up to 50% of your monthly fee for the affected server(s).
Credit Requests
To receive an SLA credit, Computer House customers must contact support@computerhouse.com.
Computer House / Premier Computer Services, LLC is not to be held liable for any data including copyrighted materials stored on our servers by any third parties. All disputes must be made with the owner of the website.
Additional AUP rules:
Global AUP
This Acceptable Use Policy (“AUP”) describes activities that are not allowed on the Computer House network. The AUP is incorporated by reference in your Agreement with Computer House.
Capitalized terms used in this AUP and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meaning given in the Agreement.
Inquiries regarding this policy should be directed to support@computerhouse.com
Abuse
You may not use Computer House’s network or Services to engage in, foster, or promote illegal, abusive, or irresponsible behavior, including:
– Any activity or conduct that is likely to be in breach of any applicable laws, codes or regulations, including data protection and privacy laws and laws relating to unsolicited commercial electronic messages;
–  Use of an internet account or computer without the owner’s authorization;
–  Unauthorized access to or use of data, systems or networks, including any attempt to probe, scan or test the vulnerability of a system or network or to breach security or authentication measures without express authorization of the owner of the system or network;
–  Monitoring data or traffic on any network or system without the express authorization of the owner of the system or network;
–  Introducing intentionally, knowingly or recklessly, any virus or other contaminating code into the Services;
–  Collecting or using information, including email addresses, screen names or other identifiers, by deceit, (such as, phishing, Internet scamming, password robbery, spidering, and harvesting);
–  Use of any false, misleading, or deceptive TCP-IP packet header information in an email or a newsgroup posting;
–  Distributing software that covertly gathers or transmits information about a user;
–  Distributing advertisement delivery software unless: (i) the user affirmatively consents to the download and installation of such software based on a clear and conspicuous notice of the nature of the software, and (ii) the software is easily removable by use of standard tools for such purpose included on major operating systems (such as Microsoft’s “ad/remove” tool);
–  Any conduct that is likely to result in retaliation against the Computer House network or website, or Computer House’s employees, officers or other agents, including engaging in behavior that results in any server being the target of a denial of service attack (DoS);
–  Any activity intended to withhold or cloak identity or contact information, including the omission, deletion, forgery or misreporting of any transmission or identification information, such as return mailing and IP addresses;
–  Interference with service to any user of the Computer House or other network including, without limitation, mail bombing, flooding, deliberate attempts to overload a system and broadcast attacks;
–  Any action which directly or indirectly results in any of our IP space being listed on any abuse database (i.e. Spamhaus);
–  Conducting any gambling activity in violation of any required licenses, codes of practice, or necessary technical standards required under the laws or regulations of any jurisdiction in which your site is hosted or accessed; or
– Any action that is otherwise illegal or solicits conduct that is illegal under laws applicable to you or to Computer House.
Offensive Content
You may not publish, transmit or store on or via the Services any content or links to any content that Computer House reasonably believes:
– Constitutes, depicts, fosters, promotes or relates in any manner to child pornography, bestiality, non-consensual sex acts, or otherwise unlawfully exploits persons under 18 years of age;
– Publish, transmit or store any content or links to any content that is excessively violent, incites violence, threatens violence, contains harassing content or hate speech, creates a risk to a person’s safety or health, or public safety or health, compromises national security or interferes with an investigation by law enforcement;
– Is unfair or deceptive under the consumer protection laws of any jurisdiction, including chain letters and pyramid schemes;
– Is defamatory or violates a person’s privacy; or
– Is otherwise malicious, fraudulent, morally repugnant.
Live Events
You may not use your Computer House services to stream live sex acts of any kind, even if the content would otherwise comply with the AUP.
No High Risk Use
You may not use the Services in any situation where failure or fault of the Services could lead to death or serious bodily injury of any person, or to physical or environmental damage. For example, you may not use, or permit any other person to use, the Services in connection with aircraft or other modes of human mass transportation or nuclear or chemical facilities.
Mail Requirements
You must comply with the laws and regulations applicable to bulk or commercial email in your jurisdiction. In addition, your bulk or commercial email must meet the following requirements:
– You must have a Privacy Policy posted for each domain associated with the mailing;
– You must have the means to track anonymous complaints; and
– You must not obscure the source of your e-mail in any manner.
– You must post an email address for complaints (such as abuse@yourdoman.com) in a conspicuous place on any website associated with the email, and you must promptly respond to messages sent to that address;
– Your intended recipients have given their consent to receive e-mail via some affirmative means, such as an opt-in procedure, and you can produce the evidence of such consent within 72 hours of receipt of a request by the recipient or Computer House;
– You must use reasonable means to ensure that the person giving consent is the owner of the e-mail address for which the consent is given;
– You must include the recipient’s e-mail address in the body of the message or in the “TO” line of the e-mail.
– You must honor revocations of consent and notify recipients of the same;
These policies apply to messages sent using the Services, or to messages sent from any network by you or any person on your behalf that directly or indirectly refer the recipient to a site hosted via the Services. In addition, you may not use a third party e-mail service that does not practice similar procedures for all its customers. These requirements apply to distribution lists created by third parties to the same extent as if you created the list.
Vulnerability Testing
You may not attempt to probe, scan, penetrate or test the vulnerability of a Computer House system or network, or to breach the Computer House security or authentication measures, whether by passive or intrusive techniques. Additionally, you may not perform such testing of your own Hosted System without Computer House’s prior written consent.
Newsgroup, Chat Forums, Other Networks
You must comply with the rules and conventions for postings to any bulletin board, chat group or other forum in which you participate, such as IRC and USENET groups including their rules for content and commercial postings. These groups usually prohibit the posting of off-topic commercial messages, or mass postings to multiple forums.
You must comply with the rules of any other network you access or participate in using your Computer House Services.
Export Control
The Services may not be used in violation of export laws, controls, regulations or sanction policies of the United States or your applicable jurisdiction. The Services may not be used by persons, organizations, companies or any such other legal entity or unincorporated body, including any affiliate or group company, which is involved with or suspected of involvement in activities or causes relating to: illegal gambling; terrorism; narcotics trafficking; arms trafficking or the proliferation, development, design, manufacture, production, stockpiling, or use of nuclear, chemical or biological weapons, weapons of mass destruction, or missiles; in each case including any affiliation with others whatsoever who sponsor or support the above such activities or causes.
Intellectual Property and Other Proprietary Rights
You may not use our Services in a manner that infringes on or misappropriates the rights of a third party in any work protected by copyright, trade or service mark, invention, or other intellectual property or proprietary information. For example:
o You may not use the Services to download, publish, torrent, distribute, use, or otherwise copy in any manner any text, music, software, art, image, or other work protected by copyright law unless you have permission from the owner of the work to use or copy the work in that manner, or you are otherwise permitted by established intellectual property law to copy or use the work or rights in that manner;
– You may not use the Services to publish content intended to assist others in defeating technical copyright protections; and
– You may not display another person’s trademark without permission.
In addition, you may not use the Services to publish another person’s trade secrets, or to publish information in violation of a duty of confidentiality. It is Computer House’s policy to terminate the services of customers who are repeat infringers in appropriate circumstances.
Cooperation with Investigations and Legal Proceedings
If we are legally required to permit any relevant authority to inspect your content or traffic, you agree we can do so; provided however that, where possible without breaching any legal or regulatory requirement, we give you reasonable prior notice of such requirement.
We may, without notice to you, report to the appropriate authorities any conduct by you that we believe violates applicable law, and provide any information we have about you, or your users or your traffic and cooperate in response to a formal request from a law enforcement or regulatory agency investigating any such activity, or in response to a formal request in a civil action that on its face meets the requirements for such a request.
Excessive Use of Shared System Resources
You may not use any shared system provided by Computer House in a way that unnecessarily interferes with the normal operation of the shared system, or that consumes a disproportionate share of the resources of the system. For example, we may require you to repair coding abnormalities in your Cloud-hosted code if it unnecessarily conflicts with other Cloud customers’ use of the Cloud. You agree that we may quarantine or delete any data stored on a shared system if the data is infected with a virus, or is otherwise corrupted, and has the potential to infect or corrupt the system or other customers’ data that is stored on the same system.
Third Party Conduct
You are responsible for violations of this AUP by anyone using your Services with your permission or on an unauthorized basis as a result of your failure to use reasonable security precautions. Your use of the Services to assist another person in an activity that would violate this AUP if performed by you is a violation of the AUP.
You must use reasonable efforts to secure any device or network within your control against being used in breach of the applicable laws against spam and unsolicited email, including where appropriate by the installation of antivirus software, firewall software and operating system and application software patches and updates. Our right to suspend or terminate your Service applies even if a breach is committed unintentionally or without your authorization, including through a Trojan horse or virus.
Other
– You must have valid and current information on file with your domain name registrar for any domain hosted on the Computer House network.
– You may only use IP addresses assigned to you by Computer House in connection with your Computer House services.
– You agree that if you register a DNS record or zone on Computer House managed or operated DNS servers or services for a domain of which you are not the registrant or administrative contact according to the registrars WHOIS system, that, upon request from the registrant or administrative contact according to the registrars WHOIS system, Computer House may modify, transfer, or delete such records or zones.
– You may not register to use any Services under a false name, or use an invalid or unauthorized credit card in connection with any Services.
Changes to the AUP
The Internet is still evolving, and the ways in which the Internet may be abused are also still evolving. Therefore, we may from time to time amend this AUP to further detail or describe reasonable restrictions on your use of our Services by publishing a revised version of the AUP at https://www.computerhouse.com/policies/, or in the event of a material adverse change to the AUP, by providing you thirty (0) days written notice.
The revised AUP will become effective as to you on the first to occur of: (i) your execution of a new or additional agreement for all or part of your Hosted System that incorporates the revised AUP by reference, (ii) the first day of a renewal term for an Agreement that begins at least thirty (0) days after the time that the revised AUP has been posted, or (iii) thirty (0) days following our written notice to you of a material change to the AUP.
If your compliance with the revised AUP would adversely affect your use of the Hosting Services, you may elect to terminate the Agreement by giving Computer House written notice of your objection no later than thirty (30) days following the date that the revised AUP would otherwise have become effective as to you. We will not charge you an early termination fee for a termination on these grounds. If you elect to terminate, you may continue using the Services for up to an additional ninety (30) days and we will not enforce the revision as to you during this time, you will continue to be subject to the prior version. If you choose to terminate your Services under this Subsection, we may decide to waive that change as to you and keep your Agreement in place for the remainder of the term.
Consequences of Violation of AUP
If Customer breaches the AUP (including unintentionally, resulting from Customer’s failure to use reasonable security precautions, or as a result of activity occurring without Customer authorization) Computer House may block any content or traffic, suspend the Services, or terminate the Services in accordance with the Agreement. No credit shall be available under any Service Level Agreement for interruptions of Services resulting from AUP breach. Customer’s use of the Services to assist another person in an activity that would breach this AUP if performed by Customer is an AUP breach.
No credit will be available under the Computer House Service Level Agreement for interruptions of service resulting from any AUP violation.
Customers who only use a portion of their hosting services can be charged the full hosting amount regardless of their use. Hosting will be charged unless the client cancels the services by phone, email or mail. For refundable items, no refunds over 5 days will be given if the customer did not cancel their service within that time frame.
You agree that the responsibility of Computer House / Premier Computer Services, LLC is to provide website, mail services, networking services and technical support only. We do not guarantee any degree of business success, number of hits or visits, etc. Computer House / Premier Computer Services, LLC disclaims any and all liability or loss resulting from, but not limited to, acts of God, loss of data by any means, including but not limited to, user error or server or equipment failure.  Computer House / Premier Computer Services, LLC disclaims any and all liability or loss resulting from, but not limited to, loss of business resulting from access delays, loss of data by any means, loss of domain name by any means, or service interruptions.