http://www.perronerobotics.com/privacy-policy
0
Perrone Robotics, Inc. Privacy PolicyLast Updated: July 14, 2016This Privacy Policy (“Policy“) describes how Perrone Robotics, Inc. (also referred to herein as “PRI”, “us” or “we”) will handle information collected from users of this website, www.perronerobotics.com and any of our other websites and their respective sub-domains (collectively, our “Sites”).By using the any of the Sites, you are deemed to agree to the terms of this Policy, so please do not use the Sites if you do not agree with these terms.We may update this Policy at any time. Any changes to the Policy will become effective upon the date of our posting of the revised Policy on this Site. If you visit the Sites following the effective date of the revised Policy, you will be deemed to have accepted the Policy’s updated terms.I. WHAT INFORMATION DOES PRI COLLECT?The information we collect through the Sites includes “Personally Identifiable Information” (or “PII”), which is information that identifies you as an individual, such as your first and last name, email address, and organizational affiliation, if any. We collect this information when you voluntarily provide it, such as when you use our “Contact Us” feature or any other feature of our Sites that allows you to register or enter your information so that we may contact you about our products and services.The Site also automatically collects information about you that is generally not PII (“Non-PII”) but relates to your use of the Site. Non-PII is aggregated information, demographic information and any other information that does not reveal your specific identity. Non-PII is “passively” collected from you through browser navigational tools, such as cookies and pixel tags, that identify you only by your IP address — the Internet Protocol address of the computer that you use to access the Sites. These types of technologies enable the Sites to compile statistics about our daily number of Site visitors or specific page requests, and to identify a webpage you may have visited before visiting a particular Site. The Sites do not respond to a “Do Not Track” browser signal from a user .When you register or otherwise provide information through our Sites, PRI may set a cookie, a small bit of code stored on your hard drive that enables you to manage your subscriptions and online profile. By setting this cookie PRI will remember you the next time you visit and won’t have to bother you by asking questions you have already answered. You can set your browser to accept all cookies, to reject all cookies, or to notify you whenever a cookie is offered so that you can decide each time whether to accept it. However, refusing a cookie may in some cases preclude you from using, or negatively affect the display or function of, the Sites or certain areas or features ofa particular Site. To learn more about cookies, please visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org.By using the Site, you are deemed to unambiguously agree to its use of any cookies that you do not disable.II. HOW DOES PRI USE THE INFORMATION IT COLLECTS?PRI uses the information for four primary purposes:· To make the site easier for you to use by not having to enter information like your address more than once.· To help you quickly find information that is relevant to you based on your interests.· To help us create site content areas and to provide you with content most relevant to you.· To confirm your requests for information about our products and services and to respond to your inquiries.A. PII. We may use the PII that we collect about you for any or all of the following purposes:1. Responding to Requests. To respond to your requests, such as to answer your questions sent through our Sites’ features.2. Providing Information. To provide you with newsletters or other information regarding PRI events, resources or services that may be available to you.3. PRI Business Purposes. We use PII about you for PRI’s business purposes, such as to help us improve the Sites, including by requesting feedback, and for related internal purposes such as data analysis, audits, enhancing the Sites, and identifying usage trends.B. Other Information. We use non-PII to help us improve the Sites, such as by analyzing Site visitor trends, including usage of certain pages or functions on the Site. We may also use non-PII for other purposes, but if any such use involved combining the non-PII with any data so that it became identifiable to you or another person, we would then treat it as PII in accordance with this Policy.III. WITH WHOM DOES THE PRI SHARE THE INFORMATION IT COLLECTS?Whenever we use other organizations to provide support services, we may share the information collected from Site visitors, subject to the organizations’ agreement to conform to our privacy standards and allow us to audit them for compliance. We may also share your information with co-sponsors of PRI events and activities. We do not share PII with unaffiliated third parties for their own marketing purposes. We may disclose PII as we believe to be appropriate in the following circumstances: (i) to enforce the terms and conditions for use of the Sites, including this Policy; (ii) to protect and defend our rights and property; (iii) to protect the rights and interests of others; and (iv) to permit us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.IV. HOW YOU CAN UPDATE OR CORRECT PII.If you would like to review, correct, update or remove PII about you that you previously provided to us, you may submit new information through the “Contact Us” form on this Site and include a message that this is the new information for you. Please note that we are not responsible for correcting, updating or deleting any information in the databases of third parties.V. HOW DOES THE PRI PROTECT AND MAINTAIN PII COLLECTED THROUGH THE SITE?A. Security. We use reasonable organizational, technical and administrative measures to help protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. However, no data transmission over the Internet or data storage system can be guaranteed to be fully secure. Please do not send us information you consider confidential via e-mail.B. Data Retention. We will retain PII about you for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Policy.C. Other Websites. The Site may contain links to websites operated by parties not affiliated with the PRI. These linked sites are not under the PRI’s control and we are not responsible for the privacy practices or the contents of any such unaffiliated parties or their websites. If you provide PII through any such third-party website, the PII will be collected by, and controlled by the privacy policy, if any, of that third party. We recommend that you familiarize yourself with the privacy policies and practices of any such third parties, which are not governed by this Policy.VI. COLLECTION OF PII BY OTHERS THROUGH OUR SITES.We do not currently allow others to collect the PII of visitors to our Sites by tracking the usage of either our Sites or other websites. We reserve the right, however, to allow third parties to use cookies or other technologies to collect information about Site visitors in order to provide analytics services and serve ads on the Sites or on other sites based on a user’s visits to sites across the Internet and across other mobile applications.VII. USE OF THE SITE BY CHILDREN.None of the Sites is directed to children under the age of thirteen (13), and we do not knowingly collect PII from any children under age 13. If you are under age 13, please do not submit any PII to us.VIII. INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS OF INFORMATION.By using the Site or the Services, you are deemed to understand and unambiguously consent to the collection and processing of your PII in the United States or elsewhere.IX. CONTACTING US.If you have any questions or concerns related to this Privacy Policy or the information practices of the Sites, please send us an e-mail at contact@perronerobotics.com, or write to us at the address below:Perrone Robotics, Inc.5625 The SquareCrozet, VA 22932