http://www.coachingsitesthatwork.com/termsofuse/
Terms of Use - CoachingSitesThatWork
Navigation
CoachingSitesThatWork
Website Design for Coaches
Home
menuHome
Blog
Top Posts
Website Reviews
Before You Build
Visual Design
Creating Content
Traffic Building
Blogging for Coaches
The Guide
Handy Tools
Web Design
About
Search for:
Return to Content
Terms of Use
General
These terms and conditions govern your use of this website; by using this website, you accept these terms and conditions in full. If you disagree with these terms and conditions or any part of these terms and conditions, you must not use this website.
As a condition of your use of our website and services, you agree to give us true, accurate, current and complete information as prompted by the registration forms, when registering for or using our website and services, and to update and maintain the accuracy and completeness of the information.
You must be at least 18 years of age to use this website. By using this website and by agreeing to these terms and conditions you warrant and represent that you are at least 18 years of age.
If any questions, contact me at email hidden; JavaScript is required or via this contact form.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
We only disclose potentially personally-identifying to our employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, and only when they need that information in order to fulfill a service we provide.
All recipients of the potentially personally-identifying data have been informed of their legal, moral, and ethical duty to protect that data. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using our websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them.
We will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone.
We will only disclose potentially personally identifying information, other than as described above, when compelled to do so by the law.
This website uses cookies. By using this website and agreeing to these terms and conditions, you consent to our Coaching Sites That Work’s use of cookies in accordance with the terms of Coaching Sites That Work’s privacy policy / cookies policy.
License to Use This Website
Unless otherwise stated, Coaching Sites That Work and/or its licensors own the intellectual property rights in the website and material on the website.  Subject to the license below, all these intellectual property rights are reserved.
You may view, download for caching purposes only, and print pages or videos, PDF’s and audio content from the website for your own personal use, subject to the restrictions set out below and elsewhere in these terms and conditions.
You must not:
republish material from this website including republication on another website;
sell, rent or sub-license material from the website;
show any material from the website in public;
reproduce, duplicate, copy or otherwise exploit material on this website for a commercial purpose;
edit or otherwise modify any material on the website; or
redistribute material from this website, except for content specifically and expressly made available for redistribution.
Where content is specifically made available for redistribution, it may only be redistributed, within your organization.
Acceptable Use
You must not use this website in any way that causes, or may cause, damage to the website or impairment of the availability or accessibility of the website; or in any way which is unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful, or in connection with any unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful purpose or activity.
You must not use this website to copy, store, host, transmit, send, use, publish or distribute any material which consists of (or is linked to) any spyware, computer virus, Trojan horse, worm, keystroke logger, rootkit or other malicious computer software.
You must not conduct any systematic or automated data collection activities (including without limitation scraping, data mining, data extraction and data harvesting) on or in relation to this website without Coaching Sites That Work’s express written consent.
You must not use this website to transmit or send unsolicited commercial communications.
You must not use this website for any purposes related to marketing without Coaching Sites That Work’s express written consent.
User Content
In these terms and conditions, “your user content” means material (including without limitation text, images, audio material, video material and audio-visual material) that you submit to this website, for whatever purpose.
Your use of the Services is for your personal use only. You are entirely responsible for any and all activities which occur under your name, whether authorized or not authorized. User agrees to notify us of any unauthorized use of User’s name or any other breach of security known or should be known to User. User’s right to use the Services is personal to User.
You grant to Coaching Sites That Work a worldwide, irrevocable, non-exclusive, royalty-free license to use, reproduce, adapt, publish, translate and distribute your user content in any existing or future media.  You also grant to Coaching Sites That Work the right to sub-license these rights, and the right to bring an action for infringement of these rights.
Your user content must not be illegal or unlawful, must not infringe any third party’s legal rights, and must not be capable of giving rise to legal action whether against you or Coaching Sites That Work or a third party (in each case under any applicable law).
You must not submit any user content to the website that is or has ever been the subject of any threatened or actual legal proceedings or other similar complaint.
Coaching Sites That Work reserves the right to edit or remove any material submitted to this website, or stored on Coaching Sites That Work’s servers, or hosted or published upon this website.
Notwithstanding Coaching Sites That Work’s rights under these terms and conditions in relation to user content, Coaching Sites That Work does not undertake to monitor the submission of such content to, or the publication of such content on, this website.
Links to Third-Party Sites
The Website may include links to other sites on the Internet that are owned and operated by online merchants and other third parties. You acknowledge that we are not responsible for the availability of, or the content located on or through, any third-party site. You should contact the site administrator or webmaster for those third-party sites if you have any concerns regarding such links or the content located on such sites. Your use of those third-party sites is subject to the terms of use and privacy policies of each site, and we are not responsible therein. We encourage all Users to review said policies of third-parties’ sites.
Earnings Disclaimer
You understand and agree that there are important risk factors that should be considered by you when deciding whether to purchase our services. You recognize and agree that we have made no implications, warranties, promises, suggestions, projections, representations or guarantees whatsoever to you about future prospects or earnings, or that you will earn any money, with respect to your purchase of Coaching Sites That Work products and services, and that we have not authorized any such projection, promise, or representation by others. Any earnings or income statements, or any earnings or income examples, are only estimates of what we believe you could earn. You are advised to do your own due diligence when it comes to making business decisions and should use caution and seek the advice of qualified professionals. You should check with your accountant, lawyer, or professional advisor, before acting on this or any information. You may not consider any examples, documents, or other content on the website or otherwise provided by us to be the equivalent of legal advice.
No warranties
This website is provided “as is” without any representations or warranties, express or implied.  Coaching Sites That Work makes no representations or warranties in relation to this website or the information and materials provided on this website.
Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing paragraph, Coaching Sites That Work does not warrant that:
this website will be constantly available, or available at all; or
the information on this website is complete, true, accurate or non-misleading.
Nothing on this website constitutes, or is meant to constitute, advice of any kind.  If you require advice in relation to any legal, financial or medical matter you should consult an appropriate professional.
Limitations of Liability
Coaching Sites That Work will not be liable to you (whether under the law of contact, the law of torts or otherwise) in relation to the contents of, or use of, or otherwise in connection with, this website:
to the extent that the website is provided free-of-charge, for any direct loss;
for any indirect, special or consequential loss; or
for any business losses, loss of revenue, income, profits or anticipated savings, loss of contracts or business relationships, loss of reputation or goodwill, or loss or corruption of information or data.
These limitations of liability apply even if Coaching Sites That Work has been expressly advised of the potential loss.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, our liability to you for any cause whatsoever, and regardless of the form of the action, will at all times be limited to the lesser of the amount paid, if any, by you to us for the Services or $10.00.
Exceptions
Nothing in this website disclaimer will exclude or limit any warranty implied by law that it would be unlawful to exclude or limit; and nothing in this website disclaimer will exclude or limit Coaching Sites That Work’s liability in respect of any:
Coaching Sites That Work’s negligence;
fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation on the part of Coaching Sites That Work; or
matter which it would be illegal or unlawful for Coaching Sites That Work to exclude or limit, or to attempt or purport to exclude or limit, its liability.
Reasonableness
By using this website, you agree that the exclusions and limitations of liability set out in this website disclaimer are reasonable. If you do not think they are reasonable, you must not use this website.
Other Parties
You accept that, as a limited liability entity, Coaching Sites That Work has an interest in limiting the personal liability of its officers, family, subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, agents, contractors, experts and employees.
You agree that you will not bring any claim personally against Coaching Sites That Work’s officers, family, subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, agents, contractors, experts or employees in respect of any losses you suffer in connection with the website.
Without prejudice to the foregoing paragraph, you agree that the limitations of warranties and liability set out in this website disclaimer will protect Coaching Sites That Work’s officers, family, subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, agents, contractors, experts, employees, agents, successors, assigns and sub-contractors as well as Coaching Sites That Work.
Unenforceable Provisions
If any provision of this website disclaimer is, or is found to be, unenforceable under applicable law, that will not affect the enforceability of the other provisions of this website disclaimer.
Indemnity
You hereby indemnify Coaching Sites That Work, officers, family, subsidiaries, affiliates, agents, contractors, experts, employees and undertake to keep Coaching Sites That Work indemnified against any losses, damages, costs, liabilities and expenses (including without limitation legal expenses and any amounts paid by Coaching Sites That Work to a third party in settlement of a claim or dispute on the advice of Coaching Sites That Work’s legal advisers) incurred or suffered by Coaching Sites That Work arising out of any breach by you of any provision of these terms and conditions, or arising out of any claim that you have breached any provision of these terms and conditions.
User agrees to indemnify and hold us, our family, subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, agents, contractors, experts and employees, harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs, made by any third party due to or arising out of User’s use of the Services, the violation of this Agreement, or infringement by User, or other User of the Services using User’s computer, of any intellectual property or any other right of any person or entity.
Kenn Schroder and Coaching Sites That Work are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any disease and we make no claims as such and nothing that is on this site should be misconstrued as such. You should always consult with your own health care provider as to what is right for you specifically. For personalized health related questions, please contact your own health care provider.
Disclaimer Regarding Accuracy of Vendor Information
In accordance with the Federal Trade Commission’s Guides Concerning the Use of Endorsements and Testimonials in Advertising, you are notified that we may potentially be compensated for links to third-party sites based upon an affiliate marketing arrangement. Further, we may provide compensated endorsements of products, including those available through linked third-party sites.Vendor information, product specifications and other information have either been provided by the vendors or collected from publicly available sources. While we make reasonable efforts to ensure that the information on the Website is accurate, we can make no representations or warranties as to the accuracy or reliability of any information provided on the Website.Except as may be disclosed on the Website, (a) we make no warranties or representations whatsoever with regard to any product provided or offered by any vendor or Provider, and you acknowledge that any reliance on representations and warranties provided by any vendor or Provider shall be at your own risk, and (b) references made on the Website to any information, vendor, Provider, company, product, or service is not intended to constitute or imply an endorsement or recommendation by us. The failure to include the name of a vendor, company, product, or service is not to be construed as disapproval.
Adverts
Adverts appearing on our website may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by us and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Comments
Comments and other content submitted to our anti-spam service are not saved on our servers unless they were marked as false positives, in which case we store them long enough to use them to improve the service to avoid future false positives.
Breaches of These Terms and Conditions
Without prejudice to Coaching Sites That Work’s other rights under these terms and conditions, if you breach these terms and conditions in any way, Coaching Sites That Work may take such action as Coaching Sites That Work deems appropriate to deal with the breach, including suspending your access to the website, prohibiting you from accessing the website, blocking computers using your IP address from accessing the website, contacting your internet service provider to request that they block your access to the website and/or bringing court proceedings against you.
Variation
Coaching Sites That Work may revise these terms and conditions from time-to-time.  Revised terms and conditions will apply to the use of this website from the date of the publication of the revised terms and conditions on this website.  Please check this page regularly to ensure you are familiar with the current version.
Assignment
Coaching Sites That Work may transfer, sub-contract or otherwise deal with Coaching Sites That Work’s rights and/or obligations under these terms and conditions without notifying you or obtaining your consent.
You may not transfer, sub-contract or otherwise deal with your rights and/or obligations under these terms and conditions.
Severability
If a provision of these terms and conditions is determined by any court or other competent authority to be unlawful and/or unenforceable, the other provisions will continue in effect.  If any unlawful and/or unenforceable provision would be lawful or enforceable if part of it were deleted, that part will be deemed to be deleted, and the rest of the provision will continue in effect.
Entire Agreement
These terms and conditions constitute the entire agreement between you and Coaching Sites That Work in relation to your use of this website, and supersede all previous agreements in respect of your use of this website.
Law and Jurisdiction
These terms and conditions will be governed by and construed in accordance with USA GOVERNING LAW, and any disputes relating to these terms and conditions will be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the USA.
Affiliate Disclosure
In compliance with the FTC guidelines, please assume links to products are affiliate links of which I receive a small commission from sales. The costs are not adjusted for you and are possibly lower.
My first priority is providing valuable information and resources to help you and only link to products or resources (affiliate or otherwise) that fit within this purpose.
Registrations and Authorizations
Coaching Sites That Work is registered with Suffolk County, New York.  You can find the online version of the register at Suffolk County Clerk’s Office. Filed # is 3022 under the name Coaching Sites That Work.
Coaching Sites That Work Details
The full name of the website is Coaching Sites That Work.
Coaching Sites That Work’s mailing address is 2376 Maple Street, Seaford, NY 11783.
You can contact Kenn Schroder at Coaching Sites That Work by email at email hidden; JavaScript is required or via this contact form.
Website Privacy Policy
Coaching Sites That Work is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected when using this website.
Email List
If you choose to sign up to the Coaching Sites That Work email list, by completing the sign up form linked from this website, Coaching Sites That Work processes your personal data (your name and email address and, if provided by you, your company name and town) for the purpose of sending you the Coaching Sites That Work email.
The lawful basis for processing your personal data for this purpose is your consent. You may withdraw your consent at any time through clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any email.
The purpose of our email list is to provide you with helpful information while remaining in contact with you. Therefore, we collect your email address.
We use a third party provider that adheres to CanSPAM laws so that your email address is protected.
We collect your email address and name for our email list.
You can easily unsubscribe by clicking the unsubscribe button at the bottom of any issue.
We don’t give, rent or sell your email address to others.
Comments are closed.
© 2020 Coaching Sites That WorkNew York, USA - Terms
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok