http://www.meganwoo.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Megan Woo Web Development operates the meganwoo.com website.
This page is used to inform visitors about our policies in the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information in regards to this website.
If you choose to use this website, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation with this policy. The Personal Information that is collected is used for providing information and improving the website. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience while using this website, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including, but not limited to: your name, phone number, and email address. The information that we collect may be used to contact or identify you.
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you visit this website, we collect information (Log Data) that your browser sends to us. This Log Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser version, pages of our website that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with small amounts of data that are commonly used as an anonymous unique identifier. These cookies are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your computer’s hard drive.
Our website uses these “cookies” to collection information and to improve our website. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies, and know when a cookie is being sent to your computer. If you choose to refuse these cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of the website.
Security
We value your trust in providing us with your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
Our website may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
We do not knowingly collect personal identifiable information from children under 13. In the case that we discover a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we will immediately delete this information from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to perform the necessary actions.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, we advise you to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy in this location. These changes are effective immediately, after they are posted on this page.
Contact
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, please do not hesitate to contact us.