http://www.theinternetcentre.co.uk/aboutus/aboutus/privacy.html
CRM Solutions
Our Solutions
Portfolio
About Us
Templates
Contact Us
Log In
About Us
About Us
PrivacyInformation Collection The Internet Centre is the sole owner of the information collected on www.theinternetcentre.co.uk. Currently we collect the names, email addresses, postal addresses and contact numbers of users who wish to send feedback or book courses via our on-line forms.Information Use The information submitted to The Internet Centre via our on-line forms is sent to us in the format of an email. If appropriate we will reply to these emails regarding the feedback and course bookings, but will not store the emails for any other purpose.Log Files In order to anlayze and improve our site we use log files. This means that we collect technical and routing information about the computers that are used to access www.theinternetcentre.co.uk. This includes IP (Internet Protocol) addresses, platform types, browser types, pages visited, and number of clicks. This information is used to analyze trends, administer the site, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. This information is not linked to any personal details.Security of Personal Information We do not sell, rent or lease personal information collected via our web site, www.theinternetcentre.co.uk. We will only disclose personal information when required to by law, in order to comply with a court order, judicial proceeding, or legal process.All personal information collected by The Internet Centre is stored on secure servers which are protected from unauthorised access, use or disclosure. All personal information is kept in accordance with the Data Protection Act.Links The Internet Centre web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that The Internet Centre is not responsible for the privacy practices of these sites. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by The Internet Centre.Notification of Changes The Internet Centre may make changes to this privacy statement, if new data is collected from the site.Contact Information If you have any questions regarding our privacy statement, please contact us at:18 Lancaster Close
BirminghamB30 2HWTelephone: 0121 458 1272Email: Feedback Form
Terms of use -
Privacy -
2020 the internet centre