http://www.cga.co.uk/cookie-policy
Skip to content
Affordable Life Size sex doll with FREE SHIPPING Worldwide.
Client login
|
Blog
|
Contact Us
Cookies
What are cookies?
Cookies are small text files stored in your computer or mobile phone’s internet browser (e.g Internet Explorer, Chrome, Safari). They are usually used by websites to improve services for you, to find out more information about the popularity of a website and for delivering more relevant advertising.
How does CGA use cookies?
CGA use cookies for a number of purposes listed below.
1. SITE PERFORMANCE COOKIES
We use cookies to remember some of your preferences.
2. REGISTRATION COOKIES
CGA mostly uses cookies for registered members to make the logged in functionality work.
3. SOCIAL MEDIA COOKIES
CGA has buttons across the site to help you post our content to Social Media sites. If you choose to use one or both of these buttons, the respective site will use cookies to make this work. You can find out more about how these are used on their respective privacy policies.
4. ANONYMOUS ANALYTICS COOKIES
We use Google Analytics software to monitor the number of people visiting the website, which uses a cookie to collect this information. Google Analytics only collects anonymous aggregate data, i.e. we cannot tell who you are or link data back to a specific username, and everyone’s data is shown as a whole, not individually. We use this only for statistical purposes to tell us information like how many people are new to the site or have visited before and which pages are the most popular.
Can I use CGA’s website without cookies?
You can access CGA content without using cookies by turning them off in your browser’s settings, however you won’t be able to log in because this functionality requires cookies to remember who you are. Also, by turning cookies off you will see less relevant advertising and are likely to see the same adverts more often.
How do I turn cookies off?
Cookies are saved to the browser, so to turn off any cookie you will have to do so for each browser you use. Usually most people have concerns about the use of cookies by third party advertising companies. These cookies will only ever collect anonymous data about a visit. We do not use any cookies that are designed to capture browsing information about a visitor outside of our own website.
Alternatively, you can turn off all cookie use within your browser by following the instructions on the below pages:
Cookie settings in Internet Explorer
Cookie settings in Firefox
Cookie settings in Chrome
Cookie settings in Safari
Where can I read more information?
You can read more information by visiting All About Cookies and Your Online Choices.
Enter details
Please fill in all fields and enter valid email address.
Your details
Contact info
Additional info
What best describes your company?
Retail or OperatorDrinks Supplier / WholesalerFoodservice Supplier / WholesalerAnalystPressOther
Yes! Sign me up to CGA’s weekly ezine.
By clicking download, you agree to CGA’s privacy policy and consent to allow CGA to store and process the personal information submitted above to provide you with the service or content requested.
Download
Thank you
To download the report, please follow the link below. Need more? Learn how CGA can give your business the competitive edge with our powerful data and expert insights. Contact us today.
Download PDF