http://www.co.honolulu.hi.us/pur/ps/notice-to-providers-of-professional-services/52-main-site/main-footerlinks-cat/56-privacy-statement.html
Skip to main content
Novel Coronavirus - Latest Updates and Information
Proclamations, Orders, and Rules re:COVID-19
City and County ofHONOLULU
Social Media    Translate
GovernmentHome
Departmentsand Agencies
Executive Branch
Office of the Mayor
Culture and the Arts
Economic Development
Neighborhood Commission
Office of Housing
Royal Hawaiian Band
Climate Change, Sustainability and Resiliency
Budget and Fiscal
Purchasing
Real Property Assessment
Community Services
Community Assistance
Elderly Affairs
WorkHawaii
Corporation Counsel
Customer Services
Driver's License
State ID
Motor Vehicle Registration
Satellite City Hall
Historic Photograph Collection
Design and Construction
Emergency Management
Emergency Services
Enterprise Services
Golf Courses
Honolulu Zoo
Neal S. Blaisdell Center & Waikiki Shell
Environmental Services
Solid Waste
Wastewater Systems
Ethics Commission
Facility Maintenance
Storm Water Quality Branch
Honolulu Fire
Honolulu Liquor Commission
Honolulu Police
Communications
Community Affairs
Criminal Investigation
Major Events
Human Resources
Information Technology
Land Management
Medical Examiner
Parks and Recreation
Planning and Permitting
Transit-Oriented Development
Short-Term Rentals
Prosecuting Attorney
Transportation Services
Legislative Branch
City Council
Office of the City Clerk
Elections Division
Office of Council Services
Office of the City Auditor
Semi-Autonomous
H. A. R. T.
Board of Water Supply
CommunitiesResidents & Business
City ServicesOnline
Visitorsand Activities
City and County of Honolulu
Division of Purchasing
Purchasing Home
About Us
Vendor Self Service (VSS)
Help Guides
Goods, Services and Concessions
Construction
Professional Services
Exemptions and Sole Source
Instructions, Terms & Conditions
Quality Control
City Auctions
Resource Links
Clean Water and Natural Lands
Sponsorship
Division of Purchasing 530 South King Street, Room 115 Honolulu, Hawaii 96813 Phone: (808) 768-5535 (Help Desk) Phone: (808) 768-3962 (Auction) Fax: (808) 768-3299 Email: This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
Privacy Statement
Thank you for visiting the City and County of Honolulu, Hawaii Web portal and reviewing our privacy policy. Because City and County of Honolulu, Hawaii values its visitors, we only collect the minimum amount of information necessary to serve our customers. City and County of Honolulu, Hawaii will collect no personal information about you when you visit its Web portal unless you voluntarily choose to provide that information by entering information in an online form, sending an e-mail, registering for an City and County of Honolulu, Hawaii subscription, or by performing an online service transaction using an assigned user ID, password, credit card or electronic check.
Data CollectionIf you do nothing during your visit but browse through the City and County of Honolulu, Hawaii Web portal to read Web pages or download information, City and County of Honolulu, Hawaii will automatically gather and store certain information about your visit. Your Web browser software transmits most of this information to us; however, this information does not identify you personally.
We automatically collect and store only the following information about your visit:
The numeric IP address (an IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the Web) from which you access the City and County of Honolulu, Hawaii Web portal. City and County of Honolulu, Hawaii's software can then map these IP addresses into Internet domain names, for example, "xcompany.com" if you use a private Internet access account, or "yourschool.edu" if you connect from a university's domain;
The type of browser and operating system used to access the City and County of Honolulu, Hawaii Web portal;
The date and time you access the City and County of Honolulu, Hawaii Web portal;
The pages you visit, including graphics loaded from each page and other documents you download, such as PDF (Portable Document Format) files and word processing documents; and
If you were referred to the City and County of Honolulu, Hawaii Web portal from another Web site, City and County of Honolulu, Hawaii captures the address of the referring Web site.
City and County of Honolulu, Hawaii uses this information to make the Web portal more useful to visitors--to learn about the number of visitors to our site and the types of technology visitors use. We do not use information to track or record information about individuals and their visits.
Privacy StatementPolicyAccessibility
Diversity Statement
Phone Directory of ServicesFrequently Asked QuestionsCustomer Service
Office of the MayorCity CouncilDepartments and Agencies
Copyright © 2020
City and County of Honolulu. All rights reserved.
Design by Department of Information Technology
Go to top