http://www.montastic.com/privacy
Montastic Monitoring
Montastic Status Pages
Bamzooka Checklists
Mojo Helpdesk
Montastic Monitoring
Montastic monitors websites and sends notifications when a problem is detected.
Try Montastic
by
Montastic Status Pages
Montastic creates and embed beautiful status pages with incidents and response times, to keep people informed.
Try Montastic
by
Bamzooka Checklists
Stop the chaos. Organize team work with process checklists.
Learn more
by
Mojo Helpdesk
Track everything, from IT tickets to customers support.
Over 2M happy users.
Learn more
by
Welcome to NEW Montastic!
- back to old version
what's new?
bug or suggestion? let us know
Montastic
The Mighty Website Monitoring Service
Signup for Free
Login
Signup for Free
Login
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy tells you how we use personal information collected at
this site. Please read this privacy policy before using the site or submitting any personal information. By using
the site, you
are accepting the practices described in this privacy policy. These practices may be changed, but any changes will
be posted and changes will only apply to activities and information on a going forward, not retroactive basis. You
are encouraged
to review the privacy policy whenever you visit the site to make sure that you understand how any personal
information you provide will be used.
Note: the privacy practices set forth in this privacy policy are for this web site only. If you link to other
web sites, please review the privacy policies posted at those sites.
Collection of information
We collect personally identifiable information, like names, postal addresses, email addresses, etc., when
voluntarily submitted by our visitors. The information you provide is used to fulfill your specific request. This
information is only, unless you give us permission to use it in another manner, for example to
add you to one of our mailing lists.
Cookie/tracking technology
The Site may use cookie and tracking technology depending on the features offered. Cookie and tracking technology
are useful for gathering information such as browser type and operating system, tracking the number of visitors to
the Site,
and understanding how visitors use the Site. Cookies can also help customize the Site for visitors. Personal
information cannot be collected via cookies and other tracking technology, however, if you previously provided
personally identifiable
information, cookies may be tied to such information. Aggregate cookie and tracking information may be shared with
third parties.
Distribution of information
We may share information with governmental agencies or other companies assisting us in fraud prevention or
investigation. We may do so when: (1) permitted or required by law; or, (2) trying to protect against or prevent
actual or potential
fraud or unauthorized transactions; or, (3) investigating fraud which has already taken place. The information is
not provided to these companies for marketing purposes.
Commitment to data security
Your personally identifiable information is kept secure. Only authorized employees, agents and contractors (who
have agreed to keep information secure and confidential) have access to this information. All emails and
newsletters from this
site allow you to opt out of further mailings.
Do I have to sign a long term contract?
No. There are no long term contracts required. You can cancel your subscription at any time by going to account
page.
By using this site, you agree to our Privacy Policy
Pricing
Support
REST API
Twitter @montastic
Privacy
The new Montastic is here!
Discover new features to celebrate 15 years of website monitoring
Detailed response time analytics for your checkpoints
Powerful status pages for your services, with incidents & subscribers to keep people informed
Receive SMS alerts on checkpoints status changes
Montastic is Free for open-source projects!
Get Business plan for Free lifetime.
Large organizations can group their users in teams
Next