http://www.thescripts.com/terms.html
By using this site, you agree to our updated Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use.
Manage your Cookies Settings.
Ok
465,083 Members | 1,013 Online
Join Now
login
Ask Question
Home Questions Articles Browse Topics Latest Top Members FAQ
About Us Advertise Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Manage Cookies Contact Us
Terms of Use Bytes.com is an online community that acts as a venue for tech
professionals ("Users") to share knowledge and network with other tech
professionals. Bytes.com site provides the infrastructure to facilitate
this sharing of information and networking. However, we are not involved in the
actual information transmitted between Users.ï¿½ We are not
involved in any way in the creation of the content of the information or
digital goods that are shared between Users. 1. Acceptance of
and Modifications to these Terms
Bytes.com (the "Site") is owned and operated by Hello I Media.
("Hello I Media"). Your continued use of this Site is subject to
these Terms of Use (the "Terms") and our Privacy Policy. Your use of
this Site constitutes your binding acceptance of these Terms, including any
modifications we make. We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to change,
modify, or otherwise alter these Terms at any time without notice to you. Such
modifications shall become effective immediately upon the posting thereof.
Should you object to any Term or any subsequent modification or become
dissatisfied with Bytes.com in any way, your only recourse is to
immediately discontinue use of the Site.
2. Community Rules, Policies and Disclaimers
Bytes.com
is a work friendly site, accessible to anyone over 13 years of age. Please
keep all content appropriate.
We
offer free communities for technologies and interests of tech
professionals.
Help
is permitted in the forums only. No support is offered, or allowed via
Personal Message or email.
Each
forum member may have only one account.
Choose
an appropriate username. It should be family friendly, and not offensive.
The
posting of images is allowed on the support forums. Please respect dial-up
users. Avatars should not be more than 16kB, and signatures not more than
35kB, in total. Large images in the forums will be automatically resized,
but please keep them less than 600 pixels wide and 800 pixels long
(600x800).
Do
not use an overly distracting avatar/signature, ie. bright flashing
colors, animated GIF's/Flash.
Do
not use signatures in forums or other content areas on Bytes.com.ï¿½ Signatures are permitted only on the
profile pages. The
posting of links in signatures to rival tech sites is not permitted. If
you do your post will be subject to editing by a moderator or
administrator of Bytes.com. Continuing to do so will be treated as
spam and result in the termination of your membership.
If
linking to another tech site the resource must not be available on Bytes.com
through either the Support Forums or the rest of the site, and the link
must be relevant to the members question.
No
banners, referral links, etc.
The
posting of links or references to warez or any other type of illegal software is strictly forbidden. By doing so you
risk having your user account terminated without warning. We will NOT help
anyone we suspect of having obtained their software illegally.
We
reserve the right to reveal your identity (or whatever information we know
about you) in the event of a complaint or legal action arising from any
message posted by you.
If
you're here to spam, you will be banned without warning.
3. Questions,
Answers, and other Content
You may post content on this site, so long as the content is not:
Illegal
Obscene
Threatening
Defamatory
Hateful
Invasive
of privacy
Infringing
of intellectual property rights (such as copyright and trademark rights)
Racially,
ethnically, or otherwise objectionable
Otherwise
harmful or injurious to third parties
In addition, you
may not post any content that consists of or contains software viruses,
political campaigning, commercial solicitations, chain letters, mass mailings,
or any form of "spam." Bytes.com reserves the right (but not the
obligation) to remove or edit any submitted content, but does not regularly
review posted content. Spammers will be banned without warning.
If you do post or otherwise submit questions, answers feedback, or any other
content, and unless we indicate otherwise, you grant Bytes.com and its
affiliates a nonexclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, and fully
sublicensable right to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate,
create derivative works from, distribute, and display such content throughout
the world in any media. You represent and warrant that you own or otherwise
control all of the rights to the content that you post; that use of the content
you supply does not violate this policy and will not cause injury to any person
or entity; and that you will indemnify Bytes.com or its affiliates for all
claims resulting from content you supply. Bytes.com has the right but not
the obligation to monitor and edit or remove any activity or content. Bytes.com
takes no responsibility and assumes no liability for any content posted by you
or any third party.
Bytes.com does not guarantee the accuracy, integrity, or quality of any of
the content that are provided.ï¿½ Bytes.com
only facilitate the sharing of knowledge and resource. ï¿½
4. License and Site Access
Bytes.com grants you a limited license to access and make personal use of
this site and not to download (other than page caching) or modify it, or any
portion of it, except with express written consent of Bytes.com. This
license does not include any resale or commercial use of this site or its
contents; any collection and use of any questions or answers displayed on this
site; any derivative use of this site or its contents; any downloading or
copying of information for the benefit of another business; or any use of data
mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction tools. This site or
any portion of this site may not be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold,
resold, visited, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose without
express written consent of Bytes.com.
We may examine the Content on the Site on a regular basis and we maintain the
absolute right, though not the obligation, to remove any Content that does not
meet the standards listed above or that is otherwise objectionable at our sole
discretion. We also reserve the right to terminate your access to the Site if
you fail to abide by these Terms. In addition, we may take any legal,
disciplinary and technical remedies to prevent the violation of these Terms of
Use.
We are not responsible for the loss, deletion, failure to store, misdelivery,
or untimely delivery of any Content submitted or transmitted through or to the
Site.
5. Grant of License
When you post or transmit Content on, to, or through the Site, you grant the
Site a nonexclusive, perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide, sublicensable,
royalty-free license to use, store, display, publish, transmit, transfer,
distribute, reproduce, rearrange, edit, modify, aggregate your Content with
other Content, create derivative works of and publicly perform that Content for
any purpose on and through each of the services provided by the Site or on
other sites owned by Hello I Media, including its parent company, subsidiaries,
and affiliates (whether now existing or yet to be established), marketing
affiliates (whether now existing or subsequently established), and advertising
partners (whether now existing or subsequently established). This license shall
apply to the distribution and the storage of your Content in any form, medium,
or technology now known or later developed.
6. Use of the Site and the Site Content
All Content displayed on or made available on our Site is protected by copyright
or trademark as a collective work and/or compilation, pursuant to copyright and
trademark laws and international conventions. Any reproduction, modification,
creation of derivative works from or redistribution of the Content or
collective work, and/or copying or reproducing the Content or any portion
thereof to any other server or location for further
reproduction or redistribution is prohibited without the express written
consent of Bytes.com, and you agree to abide by any and all intellectual
property notices displayed on the Site. You may not decompile or disassemble,
reverse engineer or otherwise attempt to discover any source code contained in
the Site. Without limiting the foregoing, you agree not to reproduce,
duplicate, copy, sell, resell, or exploit for any commercial purposes, any
aspect of the Content or Site.
You may not use the Site in any manner that interferes with our normal
operations or with the use and enjoyment of another user. You may only access
the Site and the Content through the interfaces provided by the Site. You agree
to use the Site only for its intended lawful purpose and in accordance with
applicable laws. You understand that by using the Site, you may be exposed to
Content that you find offensive or objectionable.
7. Our Rights
We maintain the right to do any of the following, at any time, with or without
prior notice:
restrict,
suspend, or terminate your access to all or any part of our Site;
change,
suspend, or discontinue all or any part of our Site;
refuse,
move, or remove any Content;
refuse
to register any user name that may be deemed offensive;
establish
general practices and policies concerning the Site.
8. Termination of
Service
You agree that Bytes.com, in its sole discretion, has the right (but not
the obligation) to delete or deactivate your account, block your email or IP
address, or otherwise terminate your access to or use of the Site (or any part
thereof), immediately and without notice, and remove and discard any Content
within the Site, for any reason, including, without limitation, if Bytes.com
believes that you have violated the Terms. Further, you agree that Bytes.com
shall not be liable to you or any third-party for any termination of your
access to the Site. Further, you agree not to attempt to use the Site after
said termination. Attempts to evade a ban will lead to possible revocation of
Internet access and/or criminal charges.
9. Disclaimer of Warranties
You agree that use of Bytes.com is entirely at your own risk and Bytes.com
is provided on an "as is" or "as available" basis, without
any warranties of any kind. All express and implied warranties, including
without limitation, the warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular
purpose, and non-infringement of proprietary rights are expressly disclaimed to
the fullest extent permitted by law. Bytes.com also disclaims any
warranties for viruses or other harmful components in connection with the Site.
Some jurisdictions do not allow the disclaimer of implied warranties. In such
jurisdictions, some of the foregoing disclaimers may not apply to you insofar
as they relate to implied warranties.
10. Limitations of Liability
We cannot guarantee the accuracy, security or quality of Content posted on or
transmitted through the Site. Without limitation, we are not responsible for
the Content posted by users on the Site and your use of the Site and any
services provided is at your own risk. Under no circumstances shall Bytes.com
be liable for direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential, or
exemplary damages (even if Bytes.com has been advised of the possibility
of such damages), resulting from any aspect of your use of the Site, whether
such damages arise from use or misuse of the Site, from inability to use the
Site, or the interruption, suspension, modification, alteration, or termination
of the Site. Such limitation shall also apply with respect to damages incurred
by any information or advice received through the Site to the fullest extent
permitted by law. Certain states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of
certain damages. In such jurisdictions, some of the foregoing limitations may
not apply to you.
11. Indemnification
You agree to indemnify and hold Bytes.com, its officers, subsidiaries,
parents, affiliates, successors, assigns, directors, officers, agents, service providers, suppliers and employees, harmless
from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorney fees and court costs,
made by any third party due to, relating to, or arising out of Content you
submit, post or make available through the Site, your use of the Site, your violation
of the Terms, your breach of any of the representations and warranties herein,
or your violation of any rights of others.
12. Membership and Account Responsibility
Membership on the Site is available to anyone 13 years of age or older who
truthfully and accurately provides all required information (including a
legitimate email address) and obtains a unique username and password. The Site
is not intended as a service for children and therefore persons under the age
of 13 may not become a member. If you are under the age of 18, you represent
and warrant that you have the permission of your parent(s) or legal guardian(s)
to access and use the Site. You must be a member in order to post messages in
the community forum.
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and
password and for restricting access to your computer, and you agree to accept responsibility for
all activities that occur under your account or password. You agree to
immediately notify us of any unauthorized use of your password or account or
any other breach of security. You also agree to exit from your account at the
end of each session. We will not be responsible for any loss or damage that may
result if you fail to comply with these requirements. Furthermore, you are
strongly advised to maintain and protect your privacy by choosing carefully
what personally identifiable information you include in Content you post on the
Site.
13. Reporting Content Violations
If you believe that any Content shown or transmitted through the Site violates
these Terms or your intellectual property rights have been violated, you can
report such violation via our contact form.
In the case of an intellectual property violation, please provide the following
information:
A description of the intellectual property you claim has been infringed;
Identify the material on the Site that you claim is infringing with enough
detail so we may locate it on the Site;
A statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is
not authorized by the intellectual property owner, its agent, or the law; A statement by you declaring under penalty of perjury that 1) the above
information in your notice is accurate and 2) that you are the owner of the
intellectual property interest involved or that you are authorized to act on
behalf of that owner;
Your address, telephone number, and email address where we can contact you; and
your physical or electronic signature.
It is often difficult to determine if your intellectual property rights have
been violated. We may request additional information before we remove allegedly
infringing material. If a dispute arises as to the correct owner of the rights
in question, we reserve the right to remove both parties' Content.
14. General Information
The Terms constitute the entire agreement between you and Bytes.com and
govern your use of the Site, superseding any prior agreements between you and Bytes.com.
The Terms and the relationship between you and Bytes.com shall be governed
by the laws of the State of Oregon
without regard to any conflict of law provisions. You and Bytes.com agree
to exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in Multnomah, Oregon
for the purpose of adjudicating any dispute arising out of or relating to this
Agreement. The failure of Bytes.com to exercise or enforce any right or
provision of the Terms shall not constitute a waiver of such right or
provision. If any provision of the Terms is found by a court of competent
jurisdiction to be invalid, the parties nevertheless agree that the court shall
endeavor to give effect to the parties' intentions as reflected in the
provision, and the other provisions of the Terms remain in full force and
effect. You agree that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any
claim or cause of action arising out of or related to use of the Site or the
Terms must be filed within one (1) year after such claim or cause of action arose
or be forever barred.
BYTES.COM © 2020
About Bytes |
Advertise on Bytes |
Privacy Policy |
Manage Cookies
Sitemap
Follow us to get the Latest Bytes Updates