http://www.pamarsystems.com/privacy
Skip to main content
Working smarter.
Enterprise level local and cloud based debt collection software solutions.
Search form
Home
Products
Services
Downloads
About
Contact
Cookies
Login
Home / Privacy policy
Privacy policy
Pamar Systems is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience.
This Statement of Privacy applies to the Pamar Systems Web site and governs data collection and usage. By using the Pamar Systems website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
COLLECTION OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
Pamar Systems may collect personally identifiable information, such as e-mail address, name, home or work address or telephone number. Pamar Systems also may collect anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you.
There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by Pamar Systems. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring Web site addresses. This information is used by Pamar Systems for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Pamar Systems Web site.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through Pamar Systems public message boards, this information may be collected and used by others. Note: Pamar Systems does not read any of your private online communications.
Pamar Systems encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites you choose to link to from Pamar Systems so that you can understand how those Web sites collect, use and share your information. Pamar Systems is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of the Pamar Systems and Pamar Systems Web sites.
USE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
Pamar Systems collects and uses your personal information to operate the Pamar Systems Web site and deliver the services you have requested. Pamar Systems also uses your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Pamar Systems and its affiliates. Pamar Systems may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
Pamar Systems does not sell, rent or lease its user lists to third parties. Pamar Systems may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party. In addition, Pamar Systems may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Pamar Systems, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
Pamar Systems does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
Pamar Systems keeps track of the Web sites and pages our users visit within Pamar Systems, in order to determine what Pamar Systems services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within Pamar Systems to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
Pamar Systems Web sites will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Pamar Systems or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Pamar Systems; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Pamar Systems, or the public.
USE OF COOKIES
The Pamar Systems Web site use "cookies" to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize Pamar Systems pages, or register with Pamar Systems site or services, a cookie helps Pamar Systems to recall your specific information on subsequent visits.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Pamar Systems services or Web sites you visit.
CHANGES TO THIS STATEMENT
Pamar Systems will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect Association and user feedback. Pamar Systems encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how Pamar Systems is protecting your information.
CONTACT INFORMATION
Pamar Systems welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Pamar Systems has not adhered to this Statement, please contact Pamar Systems at info@pamarsystems.com. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem.
Site navigation
Home  |  Products  |  Services  |  About  |  Contact
Contact
Pamar Systems Incorporated
1801 'D' Street - Ste 7
Vancouver, WA 98663 USA360-992-4120
800-727-2627
360-992-9255 fax
Terms
Privacy
Cookies
© 2020 Pamar Systems Inc., Vancouver WA USA     Telephone: 800-727-2627 PT