https://www.mindteck.com/privacypolicy
COMMITTED TO ENSURING BUSINESS
CONTINUITY
AND STAKEHOLDER
CARE
DURING THIS UNPRECEDENTED TIME
privacypolicy
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Mindteck will protect the information that is gathered on this site as stated in our "Privacy Policy". It will not be shared with, bartered, or sold to any third party. If you have any comments or questions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us at info@mindteck.com
Secure Personal Information
Mindteck considers all information collected on this site to be our information. It will be collected from you via the forms in various locations on Mindteck Web site, but will not be shared with, bartered, or sold to any third party. We take reasonable measures to protect the information you share with us from unauthorized access or disclosure.
Confidential E-mail Lists
Mindteck maintains several e-mail lists to keep interested persons informed about events and other items of interest. Individuals can sign up to join our mailing lists in several ways, for example; in response to an e-mail message or by using a form on our web site. Other than disclosing to contractors as required for them to perform specific services for Mindteck, we do not sell, trade, lease, rent, loan or otherwise disclose the addresses on these lists to any third party.
Protected Browser Information
Mindteck analyzes the log files of our Website to better understand the volume of traffic to particular areas of our site. This information helps us to better understand and serve your information needs. The individual user remains anonymous in our Web site log files unless they have logged in to one of our password-protected sites. For example, when accessing information from collaterals, individual registration and browser information may be correlated to your personal and company information stored in our business databases. These databases contain support contract expiration dates and other information relevant to delivering and improving support.
How We Handle Changing Information
We realize that your personal information, including name, company, and e-mail address, is subject to change over time. In the effort to keep your information current and accurate, we are working on tools that, once deployed, will allow you to review your information and update it as needed. In the mean time, if you need to update your information in our records, please send email to info@mindteck.com
Consent
By using our web site, you consent to the collection and use of your personal information by Mindteck as described in this policy. We reserve the right to change our privacy policy at any time. If we decide to change our policy, we will post those changes on this page.