http://www.leadtech.com/privacy-policy
Menu
about us
work with us
Backend
BI
Content and copywriting
Customer Service
Finance
Frontend
Human Resources
Project Management
QA
SEM
SEO
Social Media
Sysadmin
UX
entrepreneurs
investors
contact
Privacy Policy
Last updated
December 11, 2020
Leadtech Innovation S.L. (hereinafter, “Leadtech”, “the Company”, “we”, “us”, and the like) is firmly committed to regulatory compliance and the privacy and protection of personal data. Accordingly, in the present Privacy Policy, the User (hereinafter “the User”, “you”, “your”) will find all the relevant information so that you can better understand what we do with your personal data.
We may update this Privacy Policy according to new legislative or jurisprudential requirements and/or business needs, among others. Any update or modification of the present Privacy Policy will be considered applicable from the moment of its publication on the website. Therefore, the User is recommended to review this Privacy Policy regularly.
Please bear in mind that our website is for adults only. Therefore, we only collect personal data from users who are eighteen (18) years old and over. In this regard, we will do our best to ensure that people under that age do not access or use our website. Therefore, if we discover that we have collected information from a minor, we will proceed to eliminate this information, as long as it does not involve disproportionate efforts. In the event that you believe that we have collected personal information from a minor, please notify us in writing to our postal or email addresses indicated in this Privacy Policy.
These Privacy Policy will always be available on this website, so that the data subjects can consult them at all times.
What Does Personal Data Mean?
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, "personal data" means all data that identifies you or that could be used to identify you, such as the data you provided to apply for a job offer in our website (among others, name and surname, email address and telephone) or your IP address.
Who Is the Personal Data Controller?
Leadtech Innovation S.L., a private company under the laws and regulations of Spain, with VAT number B65053589 and registered address at
, will be the controller of the personal data you provide us through the present website, as well as those derived from your web browsing habits and those obtained in order to establish a relationship with you.
When Does This Privacy Policy Apply?
This Privacy Policy applies to the personal data that we collect and process as part of your relationship with us when you contact us as a potential employee or partner and/or when you browse our website.
It is important that the personal data you provide to us is true, accurate, and current in order to properly attend your query, suggestion or request and, where appropriate, the correct establishment of a commercial, contractual or employment relationship with you. In this sense, you undertake to notify us of any changes to your personal data. We may also periodically request you to review and update your personal details.
If you provide us with personal data of third parties, you confirm that you have informed them about the purposes for which their personal data will be processed and you guarantee us that you have obtained their prior and express consent to communicate us their personal data.
Moreover, our website may contain functionalities or links that may redirect you to third party websites. In this sense, please note that these third party websites are not operated by us, so we can not assume any responsibility for the information and content provided on them and/or the correct provision of the functionalities and/or services offered by these third parties, since we have no control over this. These third party websites are bound by their own Cookie and Privacy Policies.
What Type of Personal Data Do We Collect and Process?
We collect personal information about you when you visit and navigate our website or you interact with us through the channels enabled for contacting us. In this sense, we collect personal data from and about you as follows:
Direct interactions: We may collect your personal data when you fill out our website forms or contact us by post, phone or email.
Automated technologies: We may automatically collect information like your IP address, the sections you consult on our website or the time that you remain on our website by using our own or third-party cookies. You can consult our Cookie Policy to obtain more information about the cookies of our website, their purpose, and other information of interest.
In all cases, we only process personal data which is strictly necessary for the fulfillment of the purposes described above. In this sense, if you provide us with more information that the ones expressly required, you consent the processing of them for the informed purpose/s for which you're sending it.
If you provide us with personal data of third parties, whether these are from minors or adults, you confirm that you have informed them about the purposes for which their personal data will be processed and you guarantee us that you have obtained their prior and express consent to communicate us their personal data. In this sense, if you provide us with the personal data of a minor, you guarantee us that you are a parent and/or legal guardian and, therefore, you consent the processing your ward/child’s personal data. Under no circumstance we will be held responsible if you do not follow the above described.
What do we use your personal data for?
We use your personal data for the following purposes:
To attend and provide you with the information that you have requested and/or address your suggestions by contacting us through the website contact forms, or by email, postal address or telephone;
To manage your employment request to be part of Leadtech, including contacting you in order to arrange an interview by means of email, telephone or
via video call and including introducing your employment profile in our databases to start a recruitment process;
To formalize, manage, and maintain a commercial and/or contractual relationship with you;
To comply with our legal obligations, with legal requirements, laws and regulations and/or to respond to judicial, police or to the corresponding authorities requirements;
To guarantee the quality and efficiency in the management of our communication with third parties;
To offer an enhanced user experience when you use this website;
To operate our website efficiently;
To validate users and monitor fraudulent activity in order to preserve the security and integrity of our website;
What is the legal basis for processing your personal data?
We only process your personal data when there is a legal basis for doing so. The legal basis will depend on the reason we collect and process your personal data. In almost all cases, the legal basis will be:
The execution of a pre-contractual and/or commercial relationship when managing communications with third parties;
To comply with our legal obligations and legal requirements, laws and regulations and/or to respond to judicial, police or to the corresponding authorities requirements;
Your consent in order to process your personal data in connection with attending and providing you with the information that you have requested and/or address your suggestions, as well as attending your applications to job offers published on our website, including contacting you in order to settle an interview;
Our legitimate interest to (i) guarantee the quality and efficiency in the management of our communication with third parties, (ii) offer an enhanced user experience when you use this website, (iii) operate our website efficiently, (iv) validate users and monitor fraudulent activity in order to preserve the security and integrity of our website; provided that your interests and fundamental rights do not prevail.
How long do we keep your personal data?
We will keep your personal data only for as long as is necessary to fulfill the purposes for which they are being processed. In this sense, your personal data will be kept, for example, until your request for information is answered, unless a commercial or labor relationship is established. In this case, your personal data will be maintained until the end of the relationship with you; among others, we will retain the cookie information providing that you do not revoke its consent; we may also retain certain information for the necessary period to investigate fraudulent or illicit activity detected. Once the necessary retention period has ended, your personal data will be securely deleted.
Furthermore, if you had provided us with your consent to process your personal data for specific purposes, note that you can withdraw said consent at any time. Upon receiving your withdrawal request, we will proceed to delete your personal data.
With Whom Do We Share Personal Data?
The personal data that we collect and process will not be communicated to third parties, except for recruitment entities or public bodies and authorities (administrative or judicial), as long as they are required in accordance with the legal and regulatory provisions.
These third parties may have their headquarters outside the European Economic Area (EEA), so the communication of their personal data to them may involve an international transfer of data. Provided that your personal data will be transferred outside the EEA, we will apply safeguards provided by the current regulations on the protection of personal data, in order to ensure that your personal data is properly protected and that your individual rights and freedom are guaranteed.
How We Protect Your Personal Data?
Your personal data is stored confidentially and securely in our information systems. We have established the appropriate policies and have taken the technical and organizational measures to safeguard and protect your personal data against illegal or unauthorized access, loss or accidental destruction, damage, use, and illegal or unauthorized disclosure.
Likewise, we have taken reasonable precautions to guarantee that all our staff, as well as the suppliers or collaborators who have access to their personal data, have received adequate training regarding their treatment.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, please be aware that any transmission of your personal data over the internet is not completely secure and, as such, is done at your own risk. However, we will do our best to guarantee the protection of your personal data transmitted through our website.
What Rights Do You Have and How Can You Exercise Them?
You may exercise your rights of access, rectification, to erasure, restriction of the processing, to object, as well as the right to the portability of your personal data and to not be the subject of automated decisions, by written request addressed to Leadtech Innovation S.L., sent by email to: info@leadtech.com or by post to:
.
If the basis for processing your personal data is your consent, you may revoke it at any time by contacting us as indicated above, without affecting the legality of the treatment based on the consent prior to its withdrawal.
You may modify the “privacy settings” of your web browser to set up the tracking of cookies at any time. In addition, you can install programs or add-ons to your browser, known as "Do Not Track" tools, which will allow you to choose the cookies you want to allow.
As a general rule, we will respond to data protection rights requests within one month. Occasionally, it may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you of this circumstance and keep you updated.
Finally, we inform you that, when you consider it appropriate, you have the right to lodge a complaint
before the competent Supervisory Authority, especially when you consider that your data protection rights have not been adequately addressed.
We remain at your disposal for any doubts or questions that you may have about the present Privacy Policy or the processing of your personal data. Therefore, please do not hesitate to contact us.
Stay tuned with our community
003-facebook-letter-logo
Created with Sketch.
004-linkedin-logo
Created with Sketch.
002-instagram
Created with Sketch.
About us
Let's Talk
Entrepreneurs
Investors
Contact us
Work with us
Content and copywriting
Backend
Business Intelligence
SEO
Finance
SEM
Social Media
User Experience
Quality Assurance
Frontend
Project Management
Customer Service
System Administration
Headquarters
Barcelona
Badalona
United States
© 2020 Leadtech all rights reserved
Privacy Policy
Cookies
Terms of Use
We use our own and third party cookies for the correct operation of the site and for technical and analytical purposes based on your browsing preferences. By clicking “Accept” or continuing browsing, you accept the use of cookies. For more information or if you want to configure them,
click
here.
Accept