http://www.candassoc.com/privacy.php
Home About Us
Objectives Mission Privacy Policy
Creative
Interactive Video & Film Business Media
Contact
OUR POLICY IS TO PROTECT YOUR PRIVACY - INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE
In this section of our privacy policy, we will describe the type of information we collect and how we use it to provide better services to our customers.
Registration and Ordering
When attending our trade shows, participating in our webcasts, using some of our websites and signing up for certain selected services (such as free downloads), users must first register. During registration, users are required to give their contact information (such as name, e-mail address, mailing address and phone number). We may also may collect demographic information (such as job title and purchasing responsibilities, company information and professional certification). For internal purposes, we use this information to communicate with users and provide requested services, and, for our website visitors, to provide a more personalized experience on our sites. We use aggregate demographic information about our audience to improve our service, for marketing purposes and/or industry reporting purposes.
For our services that require payment (such as certain events, products and subscriptions), we also collect credit card information (such as account name, number and expiration date), which is used for billing purposes only, and is not otherwise shared.
E-mail Newsletters
If users wish to subscribe to our e-mail newsletters, we ask for contact information (such as name, e-mail address and, occasionally, demographic information). We use this information in the same manner as we use contact information in the registration and ordering process described above. Recipients of our newsletters can unsubscribe using the instructions listed at the end of the e-mail newsletter.
Interactive Features
At some of our sites, we offer interactive and community features such as discussion boards, webcasts and user profiles. Note that all personal information sent or posted via such features becomes public information for which we are not responsible.
Communications with Us
We have features where users can submit information to us (such as our feedback forms and similar submissions) which may be made public but only after we receive approval from the user. Requests for service, support or information may be forwarded as needed to best respond to a specific request. We may retain e-mails and other information sent to us for our internal administrative purposes, and to help us to serve customers better.
Communications from Us: Service Updates, Special Offers
In order to best serve our customers, we may send updates that contain important information about our products and services. For example, we send new customers a welcoming message, and verify password and username for areas in our site domain that are password-protected. We may also communicate with a user to provide requested services and for account-related issues via e-mail, phone or regular mail. We offer our users the option to receive information about our company, products, services and special offers. Users can choose not to receive these communications, as set forth in our Permission section below.
Automatic Data Collection
Our web sites have features that automatically collect information from users, to deliver content specific to users' interests and to honor their preferences. This information assists us in creating sites that will serve the needs of our users. We use "cookies," a piece of data stored on the user's hard drive containing information about the user. Cookies benefit the user by requiring login only once, thereby saving time while on our site. If users reject the cookies, they may be limited in the use of some areas of our site. For example, the user may not be able to participate in sweepstakes, contests or drawings. Additionally, we may note some of the pages the user visits on our site through the use of pixel tags (also called clear gifs). The use of cookies and pixels enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our sites.
For our internal purposes, we gather date, time, browser type, navigation history and IP address of all visitors to our site. This information does not contain anything that can identify users personally. We use this information for our internal security audit log, trend analysis and system administration, and to gather broad demographic information about our user base for aggregate use. We may combine demographic information supplied by a subscriber at registration with site usage data to provide general profiles, in aggregate non-personally identifiable form, about our users and their preferences in the content of the site and advertising. We may share this composite information with our advertisers and business affiliates to help them better understand our services.
WITH WHOM YOUR INFORMATION IS SHARED
We do not share personally identifiable information with other companies. We will disclose information we maintain when required to do so by law, for example, in response to a court order or a subpoena or other legal obligation, in response to a law enforcement agency's request, or in special cases when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) our rights or property. Users should also be aware that courts of equity, such as U.S. Bankruptcy Courts, might have the authority under certain circumstances to permit personal information to be shared or transferred to third parties without permission. We may share aggregate information, which is not personally identifiable, with others. This information may include usage and demographic data, but it will not include personal information.
CORRECTION/UPDATING PERSONAL INFORMATION
If a user's personally identifiable information changes (such as zip code), or if a user no longer desires our product(s)/service(s), we provide a way to correct or update that user's personal data. The user should contact us by phone or email for the applicable product or service.
LINKS
Our web sites may contain links to other sites. Caines & Associates is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each web site to which we may link that may collect personally identifiable information.
NOTIFICATION and CHANGES
If we change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so our users are aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under which circumstances, if any, we disclose it. Users should check this policy frequently to keep abreast of any changes.
For questions about this privacy statement contact us at:
privacyadmin@candassoc.com