http://www.nicholson.com/eulaprivacy.txt
HotPaw Productions License Agreement and Privacy Disclosure
Introduction
Thank you for downloading an app developed by HotPaw Productions.
This License Agreement and Privacy Disclosure sets forth the terms
for your use of this App and the information we collect and how it is
used. By using or installing this app you agree to the terms of this
License Agreement and Privacy Disclosure. If you disagree with these
terms, don't use this app. If this is a free version of the app, it
may be Ad supported.
The Privacy Disclosure has important information
regarding Third Party Ad serving.
End User License Agreement
HotPaw Productions grants you a personal, non-exclusive, non-transferable,
revocable limited License subject to the following:
Use of this App is solely for your own personal use.
You agree not to play this App while driving a car, flying an airplane,
or any other use where the excitement and distraction of playing could
create a hazard to you or others around you.
Use of the Licensed App is on any iPhone, iPad, or iPod Touch that you
own or control as permitted by the Usage rules set forth in the App
Store Terms of Service.
You may not copy, distribute, modify, disassemble, or create derivative
works based upon this App.
HotPaw Productions and Ronald Nicholson owns and retains all right,
title, and interest in and to the Software, including patents, trademarks,
copyrights, trade secrets and other intellectual property rights embodied
or contained therein.
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, HOTPAW PRODUCTIONS
DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT
NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR
A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NONINFRINGEMENT WITH RESPECT TO THE
SOFTWARE. HOTPAW PRODUCTIONS MAKES NO WARRANTY THAT THE SOFTWARE WILL BE
ERROR FREE OR FREE FROM INTERRUPTION OR FAILURE.
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL
HOTPAW PRODUCTIONS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER ARISING OUT OF
THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE SOFTWARE.
We reserve the right to modify this License at any time; see
www.hotpaw.com/eulaprivacy.txt for changes. Your continued use of this
App signifies your acceptance of the changes to this License.
Privacy Disclosure
Personally Identifiable Information
HotPaw Productions does not collect personally identifiable information
such as names, social security numbers, addresses, e-mail addresses,
gender identity, affiliations, age, height, weight, id photos, etc.
If you choose to send us e-mail for customer support reasons, your
e-mail address will be used only to communicate with you to solve your
problem. If you voluntarily give us any personal information for other
promotions or contests, we do not share or sell this to other third
parties.
Third Party Ad Serving
Third party Ad networks may supply ads for display in HotPaw apps and
web sites so that we can offer apps to you for a lower price or for
free. These networks may collect and use your device MAC address, and/or
IP addresses, in native or hashed forms, for purposes of controlling
how often you see the ad, delivering ads of interest, and measuring the
effectiveness of the ads.
See Appendix A below for the current list of Ad Partner Networks
and other Third party technologies or services we use, their Privacy
Policy links, and if applicable, Opt out links for analytics and
ad tracking.
This privacy policy is located at www.hotpaw.com/eulaprivacy.txt, and
it will contain the latest disclosures. You agree to examine this from
time to time and that updates to that document are incorporated herein
by reference.
Aggregated Usage and App Statistics
We collect anonymous aggregated usage statistics of app usage, game play
and configuration options. We use this information to determine how users
play the App, how often certain features are used, etc. This information
is used in aggregate form to help us improve the entertainment value of
the App and to set priorities for future features.
Contact Information
Should you have any questions concerning this Agreement and Disclosure,
or if you desire to contact HotPaw Productions for any reason, please
email: rhn-support @ hotpaw.com
Supplemental Terms For Apple iPhone, iPod Touch and iPad Users
You agree and acknowledge that this EULA is concluded between you and
HotPaw Productions, not Apple, and that HotPaw Productions is solely
responsible for the Licensed Application and the content thereof.
You agree that Apple has no obligation whatsoever to furnish any
maintenance and support services regarding the Licensed Application.
In the event of any failure of the Licensed Application, the end user may
notify Apple, and Apple will refund the purchase price for the Licensed
Application to that end-user; and that, to the maximum extent permitted by
applicable law, Apple will have no other warranty obligation whatsoever
with respect to the Licensed Application, and any other claims, losses,
liabilities, damages, costs or expenses attributable to any failure will
not be Apple's responsibility.
Apple shall not be responsible for any claims by you or any third
party relating to your possession and/or use of the Application,
including but not limited to: (i) product liability claims; (ii) any
claim that the Application fails to conform to any applicable legal or
regulatory requirement; (iii) claims arising under consumer protection
laws or similar legislation; and (iv) claims by any third party that the
Application or your possession and use of the Application infringes on
the intellectual property rights of the third party.
You represent and warrant that you are not located in a country that is
subject to a U.S. Government embargo, or that has been designated by the
U.S. Government as a "terrorist supporting" country and that you are not
listed on any U.S. Government list of prohibited or restricted parties.
You agree that Apple and Apple's subsidiaries, and HotPaw Productions, are
third party beneficiaries of this License and that upon your acceptance
of the terms and conditions of this License, Apple will have the right
(and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce this Agreement
against you as a third party beneficiary thereof.
Appendix A: Ad Partner Privacy Policies
Ad Partner	: Apple iAd
Privacy Policy	: http://www.apple.com/privacy/
Opt out
: http://oo.apple.com
Ad Partner	: Flurry
Privacy Policy	: http://www.flurry.com/resources/privacy.html
Opt out
: http://www.flurry.com/resources/privacy.html
Ad Partner	: Google
Privacy Policy	: http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/ads/
Opt out
: http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/ads/
(rev: 2012-11-07 rhn)