http://www.cybernetman.com/en/company/legal
Legal
This Web site may contain other proprietary notices and copyright information, the terms of which must be observed and
followed. Information on this Web site may contain technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. Information may be
changed or updated without notice. Cybernet Manufacturing, Inc. may also make improvements and/or changes in the
products and/or the programs described in this information at any time without notice. Cybernet Manufacturing, Inc.
does not want to receive confidential or proprietary information from you through our Web site. Please note that any
information or material sent to Cybernet Manufacturing, Inc. will be deemed NOT to be confidential. By sending Cybernet
Manufacturing, Inc. any information or material, you grant Cybernet Manufacturing, Inc. an unrestricted, irrevocable
license to use, reproduce, display, perform, modify, transmit and distribute those materials or information, and you also
agree that Cybernet Manufacturing, Inc. is free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques that you send us for
any purpose. However, we will not release your name or otherwise publicize the fact that you submitted materials or other
information to us unless: (a) we obtain your permission to use your name; or (b) we first notify you that the materials or
other information you submit to a particular part of this site will be published or otherwise used with your name on it;
or (c) we are required to do so by law. You can learn more about Cybernet Manufacturing, Inc. privacy practices on the Web.
Global Availability Information
Cybernet Manufacturing, Inc. publishes on the World Wide Web may contain references or cross references to Cybernet
Manufacturing, Inc. products, programs and services that are not announced or available in your country. Such references
do not imply that Cybernet Manufacturing, Inc. intends to announce such products, programs or services in your country.
Consult your local Cybernet Manufacturing, Inc. business contact for information regarding the products, programs and
services which may be available to you.
Business Relationships
Cybernet Manufacturing, Inc. makes no representations whatsoever about any other Web site which you may access through
this one. When you access a non-Cybernet Manufacturing, Inc. Web site, even one that may contain the Cybernet
Manufacturing, Inc.-logo, please understand that it is independent from Cybernet Manufacturing, Inc., and that Cybernet
Manufacturing, Inc. has no control over the content on that Web site. In addition, a link to a non-Cybernet Manufacturing,
Inc. Web site does not mean that Cybernet Manufacturing, Inc. endorses or accepts any responsibility for the content, or
the use, of such Web site. It is up to you to take precautions to ensure that whatever you select for your use is free
of such items as viruses, worms, trojan horses and other items of a destructive nature. IN NO EVENT WILL Cybernet
Manufacturing, Inc. BE LIABLE TO ANY PARTY FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL OR OTHER CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES FOR ANY USE
OF THIS WEB SITE, OR ON ANY OTHER HYPER LINKED WEB SITE, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY LOST PROFITS, BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF PROGRAMS OR OTHER DATA ON YOUR INFORMATION HANDLING SYSTEM OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF WE ARE EXPRESSLY
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
Google cookies
The cookies in use on our site are for Google Analytics. Google Analytics is a web
analytics tool that helps website owners understand how visitors engage with their website. The Google Analytics cookies are
used to collect information about how visitors use our sites, including the number of visitors, the websites that referred
them to our websites and the pages that they visited on our websites. We use this information to compile reports and to help
us improve the user experience.
To determine your interests, Google will track your behavior across the web using cookies.
Opt Out or Change Your Preferences:
You can view, delete or add interest categories associated with your browser using Google's Ads Preference Manager,
available at:
https://www.google.com/ads/preferences/.
You can opt-out of network cookie at:
https://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html. However, this opt-out mechanism uses a cookie, and if you clear the cookies
from your browser your opt-out will not be maintained.
To ensure that an opt-out is maintained in respect of a particular browser, you should use the Google browser plug-in
available at:
https://www.google.com/ads/preferences/plugin.
Demographic Information
Cybernet has also implemented demographic reporting which is anonymous reporting of demographic information of persons who visit
our website. This is based on the Google cookie. You can opt-out or you can refuse cookies.
Remarketing / Display Advertising
This website uses the Google Adwords remarketing service to advertise to previous visitors to our site using Google and third party websites.
Data will be used in accordance with our own privacy policy and in accordance with Google's privacy policy
https://www.google.com/privacypolicy.html.
Information on opting out of the Google cookie is located here:
https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922?hl=en.
Refusing cookies
Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies.
In Internet Explorer, you can refuse all cookies by clicking "Tools", "Internet Options", "Privacy", and selecting "Block all cookies"
using the sliding selector.
In Firefox, you can adjust your cookies settings by clicking "Tools", "Options" and "Privacy".
Blocking cookies may have a negative impact upon the usability of some websites.
×
Login
Login
Forgot password
Did you know we also have a Cybernet
site?
Navigating our Cybernet
site will help make sure the information you see on our site is the most accurate to your needs.
View Cybernet
Stay on Cybernet US