http://www.saturnodesign.com/privacy.aspx
Us
Software
Services
Team
Work
Blog
Contact
Search
Click for free Quote »
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy ("Policy") applies to the
website located at http://www.saturnodesign.com/, or at any alternate domain
pointing to the same website (the "Website"). This Policy summarizes
Saturno Design LLC (“Saturno”) data collection policies and practices on the
Website or any other Saturno internet services provided by Saturno.
We collect personal information about you when you use our
Website, and when you choose to use an internet service provided by Saturno. We
may collect the following types of personal information: any and all types of
personal contact information, information about your company, email
subscription preferences, logs regarding your activity or use of the Website or
use of any other internet service provided by Saturno.
In some instances we include certain hyperlinks in our
emails, Website, or other marketing methods that will allow us to monitor
whether you access specific content or use specific services. When you access one
of these hyperlinks, we will record information about your access of the
hyperlink and your other associated activities on the Website. We use this
information to conduct research on demographics, to better serve you with
customized content and services, to conduct our own market research, and to
market services and products to you and others.
We use log files to track system activity and visitor access
to our Website and other internet services. Log file data includes IP
addresses, browser software, referring and exit pages, computer platform, date
and time stamps, number and nature of page visits on our Website, and any other
information that any of our internet services can gather while you are using our
Website or any of our internet services. We use this information to analyze
usage patterns, usage trends, administer and maintain the Website and internet
services, gather demographic information, and to provide or market services and
products to you and others.
How we use your information
The personal information we collect from you will be used by
Saturno to provide the service or carry out the transaction you have requested
or authorized. Saturno will also use any information obtained about you in order
to provide both internet and non-internet services to you, and to conduct
research for the purpose of marketing to you or others. In addition, Saturno
may share or transfer information about you, to one or more third party
entities pursuant to a sale, merger, assignment, joint venture or other
transfer or disposition of a portion, or all of, the assets of Saturno.
Saturno may disclose personal information if required to do
so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a)
comply with applicable law including legal process served on Saturno; (b)
protect and defend the rights or property of Saturno, and, (c) act in urgent
circumstances to protect the personal safety of Website users or the public.
Personal Profile
Personal information is used by our Website to serve customized
content or services, and to market services and products to you and others. Personal
information may be used to contact you. If you use our Website or other internet
services you are not anonymous to us. Saturno automatically receives and
records information about your use of the Saturno Website and any and all internet
services provided by Saturno.
Collection of Information by Third-Party Sites and Sponsors
Our Website and other internet services contain links to
other websites or other internet services whose information practices may be
different than ours. Visitors should consult the other sites' privacy policies,
as we have no control over information that is submitted to, or collected by,
these third parties.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website transfers
to the cookie file of the browser on your computer so that the website can remember
who you are. A cookie will typically contain the name of the domain from which
the cookie has come, the "lifetime" of the cookie, a value that is usually
a randomly generated unique number, and other types of information the Website
or any Saturno internet service might record and use. When you visit our
Website we send cookies to your computer. Cookies may be used in the following
ways:
To compile aggregated statistics that allow us
to understand how visitors use our Website and our other internet services.
To record your activity on our Website, and your
activity when using any of our internet services.
To identify you to enable personalized services
and features on our Website or when you use other Saturno internet services, and
for the purpose of marketing to you or others.
Two types of cookies may be used on this Website: 1) session
cookies, which are temporary cookies that remain in the cookie file of your
browser until you leave the site; 2) persistent cookies, which remain in the
cookie file of your browser for much longer (though how long will depend on the
lifetime of the specific cookie).
Security of Your Personal Information
Saturno takes reasonable measures to protect the security of
the personal information you provide. Personal information we collect is stored
in password-controlled servers with limited access. Saturno does not guarantee any
specific level of security, or safety, regarding your personal information.
Changing Your Status
If you do not wish to be personally identified while using
the Website or any of Saturno’s other internet services you may do one of the
following:
Select and use a web browsing software product
or service that provides features or capabilities to prevent the Saturno
Website or other Saturno internet services from identifying you. Saturno does
not endorse or recommend any specific product or service, and does not
guarantee that any product or service will prevent your identification while
you are using the Website or any other Saturno internet service.
Avoid all use of the Saturno Website and any of
Saturno’s other internet services entirely, including any hyperlinks, provided
in any medium, to the Website or any of Saturno’s internet services.
Notification of Changes and Your Acceptance of the Privacy Policy
By using our Website you consent to our collection and use
of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy. If we change
our privacy policies and procedures, we will post those changes on our Website
to keep you aware of the types of information we collect, how we use it and
under what circumstances we may disclose it. Your continued use of this Website
shall constitute your acceptance of any revised privacy policy. Questions
regarding this policy should be directed to info@saturnodesign.com.
ALL RIGHTS RESERVED © 2020 SATURNO DESIGN
PRIVACY POLICY | TERMS OF USE
Saturno Twitter Link
Saturno LinkedIn Link
Search
Click for free Quote »