http://www.iconxsolutions.com/privacy-policy
Home
Solutions Interconnect Billing
Rating, Routing & Trading for Messaging
OBR Plugin
Routing Optimisation (Voice)
Fraud Management System
MFT - Managed File Transfer
Delivery Delivery Models
ASP Hosted Environment
About About iCONX
Our Customers
Case Studies
Our People
Careers
Our Information Governance
News
Contact
×
Site searchSearch
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
iCONX Commitment to Data Privacy Protection
Protecting the security and privacy of your personal data is important to the iCONX team; therefore, we conduct our business in compliance with applicable laws on data privacy protection and data security.
This Privacy Policy covers our treatment of personally identifiable information ("Personal Information" such as your name, address, telephone number or e-mail address) that we gather when you are visiting our Website.
Collecting Personal Information
Through our website, iCONX will not collect any personal information about you, unless you voluntarily choose to provide us with it via the Contact Us page (http://www.iconxsolutions.com/contact), or unless otherwise permitted by applicable laws and regulations for the protection of your personal data.
How we use Personal Information
When you provide us with personal information, we usually use it to respond to your enquiry via email and, possibly, other means if you have provided us the means to do so but only for the limited purposes described herein.
If you provide contact information through our Website, we may send you a newsletter, or email you from time to time about our products or services.  You can at any time let us know that you no longer wish to receive such information by unsubscribing.
We do not sell, rent or lease your personal data to third parties.
Information collected and stored automatically (in website analytics)
When visiting our web pages, tracking technologies may record information about your visit automatically. This information does not identify you personally. We automatically collect and store only the following information about your visit:
The Internet domain (for example, 'domain.com' or 'isp.com' if you use a private Internet access account) and IP address (an IP address is a number,  'xxx.xxx.xxx.xxx', that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the web) from which you access our website;
The type of browser software and operating system used to access our site;
The date and time you access our site;
The pages you enter, visit and exit our site from and
If you linked to the server's domain from another website, the address of that website.
We use this information to help us identify click stream patterns, to improve our website and to learn about the number of visitors to our website and the types of technology our visitors use. We only use this information to ensure that our web pages stay compatible with a cross selection of browsers and systems and thereby ensure that the pages appeals to a wider audience. We do not track or record information about individuals and their visits.
"Cookies" - Information Stored Automatically on Your Computer
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by Website that you visit. They are widely used in order to make Website work, as well as to provide valuable feedback on how visitors use the Web site. Visit www.aboutcookies.org if you would like more details.
When you visit one of our website, we may store a cookie on your computer. Cookies help us in many ways, for example, by allowing us to tailor a Web site to better match your interests or to make key parts of the site work, like registration and contact forms. If you would like more details about the cookies we may store on your computer please click here.  http://www.iconxsolutions.com/cookies-policy
If you do not wish to receive cookies, please configure your Internet browser to delete all cookies from your computer's hard drive, block all cookies or to receive a warning before a cookie is stored.
Activating, de-activating and deleting cookies
If you do not wish to receive cookies, please configure your Internet browser to delete all cookies from your computer's hard drive, block all cookies or to receive a warning before a cookie is stored. This is easy to do - you can find more information on how to activate, de-activate and/or delete cookies in the instructions and/or Help-function of your browser or by clicking the corresponding link below:
Security
To protect your personal data against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss or alteration and against unauthorised disclosure or access, iCONX uses appropriate technical and organisational security measures.
Links to Other Website
iCONX website contain links to other websites. iCONX is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of other websites.
Privacy Policy Changes
Our Data Privacy Protection Policy may change from time to time and when it does we will post our revised Data Privacy Protection Policy on this page. Please check this page regularly to keep up-to-date.
Disclaimer
The content on this website is provided as an information guide only. While every effort is made to ensure the information on this site is accurate and current, iCONX Solutions takes no responsibility for errors, omissions, or misleading statements on these pages or on any site linked to these pages.
Questions about this Policy
If you have any questions or comments about the iCONX Data Privacy Protection Policy, or would like to access, correct, or delete your Personal Information, please click on "Contact".
Alternatively, you can contact:
iCONX solutions Ltd
Data Protection Officer
20 The Courtyard
Kilcarbery Business Park
New Nangor Road
Clondalkin
Dublin 22 C560
Ireland
What can we help you with today?
Get in Touch
We use Cookies By using this website, you consent to our cookies policy
don't show again