https://www.speedupnew.com/about-us/privacy.html
Top PC Optimizers
Compare Optimizers
Best Speed Results
Best PC Repair
Gaming Optimizer
Internet Optimizers
Category: Home >
Privacy Policy
1 - We Respect Your Privacy
2 - Anonymous Statistics and Log Files
3 - Personal Information
4 - Industry Standard Security
5 - Web Data Cookies
6 - Links to Other Sites
7 - How To Contact Us
8 - Changes and Updates
1 - We Respect Your Privacy
Your privacy is extremely important to us and we have made this Privacy Statement (Policy) to be readily available to you by placing a link to it throughout our web site. This policy is intended to help you understand our commitment to your privacy and how we handle any information made available or disclosed to us while visiting our site. This privacy policy is applicable to your use of our domain located at speedupnew.com which includes all pages and sub domains thereof.
2 - Anonymous Statistics and Log Files
The web hosting service that we use includes a function (by default) that may record and make available to us the following: Web browser type. Your IP information which allows us to get a general idea of your geographic location such as your time zone, country, city or local area. Referral data which helps us obtain information about which web sites or Search Engines online are providing a path (link) to our web site. Operating system usage (Windows XP, VISTA, 7, MAC OS, etc.) is an important statistic to help us publish content which will benefit the majority of our visitors. As stated within the examples above, the information is collected for site administration purposes and to analyze the trends of our visitors within a web site statistical program. While this information can not absolutely identify anyone, it can be useful to improve the scope of our investigations into copyright abuse and web site attacks. The collection of this data is considered an industry standard and just about every web site you visit online will automatically collect this type of data from you upon visiting them. Also, we may keep statistics on which external links you click on our site to better serve our visitors but again this is not personally identifiable.
All of the information collected is completely anonymous and does not identify any users of our web site. The anonymous data is securely stored within logs on the server we use. Please note that no electronic security is 100% secure and we do not guarantee the security of any information located on the servers we use to operate our web site.
3 - Personal Information
You do not need to register or sign-up to make use of our site. This web site is intended for a general audience but does not provide content specifically for children. We do not collect personally identifiable information from children. Please safeguard your children and make sure they understand to ask a parent or guardian for permission before they send any personal information online.
We will not share any of your personally identifiable information to a third party without your express consent unless required by law or to protect our rights - see next paragraph. You are able to change, correct, update, or delete any personally identifiable information you provide to us at any time by contacting us using the "How to Contact Us" information near the bottom of this Privacy Policy.
Please understand that if required by law and/or we deem it necessary to protect our rights, we will disclose any information required including the personally identifiable information of our users. This includes any court order, or legal proceedings served on our web site requiring such information. Rest assured that we will never share your information to a third party organization such as other web sites, companies, ad-agencies, spam mailers, or any other similar organizations.
4 - Industry Standard Security
After any information is sent to us, it will be protected with industry standard security measures. However, no electronic security is 100% secure and we do not guarantee the security of any information you may provide to us while in transit or after we receive it.
5 - Web Data Cookies
In general, web cookies are little data files placed on your computer to save and read information such as your login data, shopping cart details, and your preferences for things such as the advanced search functions of web sites. Most cookies are harmless and actually improve your interaction with many web sites. These are called "Session Cookies" because they expire once you leave the web site that placed them on your computer. Of course, there are also some advertising agencies that try to track your Internet trends by retrieving data that is useful for marketing purposes. These are called "Persistent Cookies" and they remain active on your computer even after you leave the originating web site. Some Internet users consider this an invasion of privacy and as such there are many who use privacy software to control these aggressive web cookies.
We may use Session Cookies to provide easier navigation of our web site and will not collect the basic data within, nor do we link the data to any personally identifiable information.
Please note that Session Cookies will expire when your Web browser is closed.
However, ads that we display on our site may have a built-in script or coding that allows them to serve various cookies from other web sites to your computer. They may include session and/or persistent cookies. Please be aware that Persistent cookies may track, collect, and target your particular interests. These cookies are served by the advertiser(s) or ad network(s) and we have no direct control over these cookies.
You may prevent, delete, and/or filter the cookies being written to your computer by using the privacy features of your web browser or an installed Internet security program that offers advanced cookie handling. Please see your web browser or Internet Security Software help files or web site for information on handling cookies for your computer.
6 - Links to Other Sites
While we strive to provide you with a great user experience, our control ends at our web site. We provide links to other web sites and may suggest various web sites. However, we are not responsible for the privacy policies, terms, or anything in whole or in part of other web sites that we may link to, or suggest. We encourage you to please read the Privacy Policies and Terms of every web site you visit.
7 - How to Contact Us
Please use our Contact Us link (located at the bottom of every page) to email us any questions or concerns regarding this privacy policy or any of our other policies.
8 - Changes and Updates
Last updated on May 26, 2017. We reserve the right to change or update our privacy policy at any time without notice. It is your responsibility to check this policy often for any changes or updates.
- -- --- End of Privacy Policy --- -- -
Best PC Optimizer 2020
WiseCare 365: Download Options
Windows Tune-up
PC Optimizer Reviews
Registry Cleaner Reviews
PC Performance
Internet Performance
About Us
| Contact Us
| Terms and Conditions
| Disclosure
| Privacy and Cookies
Copyright © 2020 SpeedupNew.com All Rights Reserved