http://www.intellicadms.com/privacy-policy
CAD-MANUFACTURING SOLUTIONS INC., herein as "CMS", takes your privacy seriously. Your email address and personal information are confidential and will not be made public, sold or rented.
What This Privacy Policy Covers
The privacy of your personal information is important to CMS and the IntelliCAD Technology Consortium (the “ITC”). It is our desire to empower you to choose what personal information you share and with whom. This Privacy Policy is intended to be a general statement that describes how we collect, use, and process personal information you provide via intellicadms.com and the CMS applications. We strive to collect, use, and disclose personal information in a manner consistent with the laws of the countries in which we collect personal information. This Privacy Policy applies only to intellicadms.com and its sub-domains, etoolbox.com and its sub-domains, quotecad.com and the CMS IntelliCAD, ETOOLBOX and QuoteCAD applications.
What and How We Collect Personal Information
We collect information from you when you send us an email, fill out a form, enter information on our site, submit feedback, submit crash reports, submit benchmark reports, or create a user account at intellicadms.com and its sub-domains, etoolbox.com and its sub-domains or quotecad.com in order to download software, subscribe to email newsletters/blogs, or enroll in CMS promotions or programs. Depending on the above circumstance, we may collect and store on our servers the following:
* Name and job title.
* Company name and address.
* Contact information including email address and phone number.
* Device information, the type of device you use, and operating system version.
Generally this information is requested when you register for a free account which is required to download, install and use the CMS software, purchase licenses, enter a contest, order email newsletters or take advantage of promotions or programs on the CMS web sites.
Why We Collect Personal Information
* Allow us to contact you.
* Fulfill requests you make and provide and solutions.
* To make our sites and applications easier for you to use by not having to enter information more than once.
* To provide secure access to the CMS software.
* Internal record keeping.
* To create enhancements, fix bugs, or resolve application crashes you have reported.
* To alert you to product upgrades, special offers, updated information, and other new services from CMS.
* If you are visiting the website from outside the United States, please be aware that you may be sending information to the United States where our servers may be located. We may share your information outside the EEA and have the below protective procedures in place.
* If you choose not to register or provide personal information, you will not be able to access areas that require registration or install CMS applications.
If you choose not to register or provide personal information, you will not be able to access areas that require registration.
Confidentiality and Security
We use technical, organizational, physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect the personal information we receive against loss, misuse, and unauthorized alteration and to protect its confidentiality. We regularly review our security procedures and consider appropriate new security technology and methods. We also use current encryption technology to encrypt the transmission of data on our log-in pages. However, because we cannot guarantee the complete security of these encryption technologies, please use caution when submitting personal information online.
We limit access to personal information about you to employees who we believe reasonably need to come into contact with that information to provide products or services to you in order to do their jobs.
Outside the US, CMS software may be distributed and supported by our Authorized Resellers. If you live outside the US your information will be shared with the Authorized Reseller for your region. Your information remains in our secure database and these Resellers are not authorized to share your personal information with unaffiliated third parties.
User Profile
Every registered user has a unique personal profile. Each profile is associated with a unique user name and password, which help us ensure that only you can access your account information. When you register, we create your profile with the user name you choose, assign a temporary password, and email this information to the email address provided. When you visit intellicadms.com , you will be prompted to sign in when accessing restricted content. When you sign in you may opt for automatic sign in on future visits. In this case, your account information is sent back to your hard drive in the form of a cookie, which is a very small bit of code. This code is uniquely yours. It enables seamless travel across intellicadms.com , allowing you to access areas that require authorization without having to sign in. If you switch computers, you will need to sign in again. If you forget your password, you may enter your user name and email address in the Recover or Reset Password form to identify yourself and we may send a password to the email on record.
Your Ability to Edit Your Account Information and Preferences
You can edit your Account Information at any time by signing in to your user account or by contacting us via email.
You may opt out of any sales or marketing messages by email at any time.
We reserve the right to send you certain communications relating to the CMS software, such as service announcements and administrative messages that are considered part of your CMS user account, without offering you the opportunity to opt out of receiving them.
Third-Party Links
We are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of any third-party sites. For your own protection, you should review the policies of other sites to ensure they meet your personal privacy expectations.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and may change, modify, add, or remove portions as needed. If we change this Privacy Policy in ways that affect how we use your personal information, we will notify you here or in a notice on our home page. We will also update the revision date at the bottom of the Privacy Policy. We encourage you to check this Privacy Policy from time to time to remain informed of any changes.
Contact us
For further assistance, you may contact the CMS at:
CMS Customer Support, Privacy Officer
PO BOX 1735
Burleson, TX, USA 76097
Phone: +1 (501) 588 7970
Email: This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
Your consent
By using our websites and the IntelliCAD application, you consent to our Privacy Policy.
Terms of Use
You can review the Terms of Use for intellicadms.com by clicking here >
Report Suspected Abuse
If for some reason you believe CMS has not adhered to these principles, please notify us by email at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. , and we will do our best to determine and correct the problem promptly. Be certain the words CMS Privacy Policy are in the Subject line.