http://www.wacweb.com/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Home
About Us
The Process
Services
Blogs
Portfolio
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
At Waccamaw Web Works, we are in the business of providing our clients with exceptional website design & management services. Simply stated, We do not sell, trade, loan, rent, give away, or otherwise provide client or prospective-client information to any non-essential parties.
“Non-Essential Parties” encompasses almost everyone, including affiliates, companies with whom we partner, other clients, and particularly companies in the business of creating mailing lists. The very short list of those we consider to be “Essential Parties” is addressed below.
If you provide identifying information to us by phone, email, or an online inquiry form, we will use that information only to respond to your requests. We do not sell or provide this information to anyone for any reason.
We treat the website Service Agreements between Waccamaw Web Works and our clients as confidential information. We will not discuss its terms with third parties without your written permission. We are very proud of our work and our very reasonable fees. If you choose to discuss them with other parties, we offer a very sincere “Thank You.” If an outside party requests details from us, we offer an equally sincere “No Thank You.”
Domain Registration – We are pleased to offer our clients with Domain Name (website address) registration and renewal services. We believe it is in your best interest to have the Domain registered in your name so that you retain ownership regardless of circumstances. Doing so requires that we provide the Domain Registrar with specific client business information, such as contact name, address, phone number, email address, etc. This information will become available to the public, through the Registrar’s “Whois” database.
Search Engines – As part of our standard Website Management packages, we list our clients’ websites with major search engines. This is an important step in adding value to your new website. Most search engines do not require any client business information. If we encounter specialized website directories that require client business information, we will obtain your approval prior to providing that information.
Our Portfolio – As part of our business website, Waccamaw Web Works proudly displays links to some of our recent projects. During presentations, we may also provide lists of our work. In both situations, this information is strictly limited to website address, business name, and a brief business description. If you do not wish to have your website included on our Portfolio page, please contact us and we will be glad to remove it.
Professional Representation – During the normal course of business, it may become necessary to make client information available to legal, accounting, or other professional firms representing Waccamaw Web Works. If this occurs, we will make every reasonable effort to ensure this information is treated in a confidential, professional manner, consistent with our Privacy Policy.