http://www.cga.co.uk/privacy
Skip to content
Affordable Life Size sex doll with FREE SHIPPING Worldwide.
Client login
|
Blog
|
Contact Us
Privacy policy
Introduction
Privacy Policy of www.cga.co.uk
Welcome to CGA. CGA is the data and research consultancy of choice for the out-of-home food and drinks market, specialising in market measurement, consumer research and location planning. What sets CGA apart is its unique ability to access the three key types of data (supply, demand and consumer) and then triangulate this data to provide the most complete and accurate picture of anyone in the out-of-home sector.
When this Privacy Policy uses the term “CGA”, “company”, "us," "we" or "our", we mean the company CGA. CGA’s products, features and offerings are available are collectively referred to as "CGA Properties" or our "Services". Consumers using our Services are all referred to in these Terms collectively as "Users", "you" or "your".
WHAT IS THIS PRIVACY POLICY FOR?
This privacy policy is for this website www.cga.co.uk by CGA and governs the privacy of its users who choose to use it.
The policy sets out the different areas where user privacy is concerned and outlines the obligations & requirements of the users, the website and website owners. Furthermore, the way this website processes, stores and protects user data and information will also be detailed in this policy.
This privacy policy will be updated by the data controller when necessary, always refer to this page for the updated version. Last updated: 23 May 2018
If you have any questions please contact us:
Via email dataprotection@cga.co.uk or write to the Data Protection Manager:
CGA
Strawberry Studios, Watson Square
Stockport, Greater Manchester, SK1 3AZ
+44 (0) 161 476 8330
THE WEBSITE
This website and its owners take a proactive approach to user privacy and ensure the necessary steps are taken to protect the privacy of its users throughout their visiting experience. This website complies with all UK national laws and requirements for user privacy.
INFORMATION WE MAY GATHER FROM YOU
Name, job title and company name
Contact or event registration information including email address/phone number
Demographic information, such as postcode, preferences and interests
Cookies
Website usage data
Other information relevant to client enquiries
Other information pertaining to services, special offers, reports, surveys, and event registration
The information you provide to us: For all Users, we collect Personal Data when you voluntarily provide such information to the Services, such as when you register for access to the Services, contact us with inquiries, download or purchase reports, respond to one of our surveys or browse or use certain parts of the Services. The Personal Data we may collect includes without limitation your name, address, email address and other information that enables Users to be personally identified.
HOW WE USE THIS INFORMATION
Collecting this data helps us understand what you are looking from the company, enabling us to deliver improved products and services.
Specifically, we may use data:
For our own internal records
To improve the products and services we provide
To contact you in response to a specific enquiry
To customise the website for you
To send you promotional emails about products, services, events, offers and other things we think may be relevant to you
To contact you via email, telephone or mail for market research reasons.
Google Analytics
USE OF COOKIES
This website uses cookies to better the user’s experience while visiting the website. Where applicable, this website uses a cookie control system allowing the user on their first visit to the website to allow or disallow the use of cookies on their computer/device. This complies with recent legislation requirements for websites to obtain explicit consent from users before leaving behind or reading files such as cookies on a user’s computer/device.
Cookies are small files saved to the user’s computer’s hard drive that track, save and store information about the user’s interactions and usage of the website. This allows the website, through its server to provide the users with a tailored experience within this website. Cookies also enable us to see information like how many people use the website and what pages on our website they visit.
Users are advised that if they wish to deny the use and saving of cookies from this website onto their computers hard drive, they should take necessary steps within their web browsers security settings to block all cookies from this website and its external serving vendors.
This website uses tracking software to monitor its visitors to better understand how they use it. This software is provided by Google Analytics, which uses cookies to track visitor usage. The software will save a cookie to your computer’s hard drive to track and monitor your engagement and usage of the website, but will not store, save or collect personal information. You can read Google’s privacy policy here for further information http://www.google.com/privacy.html.
CONTACT & COMMUNICATION
Users contacting this website and/or its owners do so at their own discretion and provide any such personal details requested at their own risk. Your personal information is kept private and stored securely until a time when it is no longer required or has no use, as detailed in GDPR and the Data Protection Act 1998. Every effort has been made to ensure a safe and secure form to email submission process but we advise users using such form to email processes that they do so at their own risk.
This website and its owners use any information submitted to provide you with further information about the products/services they offer or to assist you in answering any questions or queries you may have submitted. This includes using your details to subscribe you to any email newsletter program the website operates but only if this was made clear to you and your express permission was granted when submitting any form to email process. Or whereby you the consumer have previously purchased from or enquired about purchasing from the company a product or service that the email newsletter relates to. This is by no means an entire list of your user rights in regards to receiving email marketing material. Your details are not passed on to any third parties without explicit consent from you.
EMAIL NEWSLETTER
Where it is in accordance with your marketing preferences, we may use your Personal Data to contact you in the future for our marketing and advertising purposes, including without limitation, to inform you about services or events we believe might be of interest to you, to develop promotional or marketing materials and provide those materials to you, and to display content and advertising on or off the Services that we believe might be of interest to you.
This website operates an email newsletter program, used to inform subscribers about events, products and services supplied by CGA. Users can subscribe through an online automated process should they wish to do so but do so at their own discretion. Some subscriptions may be manually processed through prior written agreement with the user.
Subscriptions are taken in compliance with UK Spam Laws detailed in the Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations 2003. All personal details relating to subscriptions are held securely and in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998. No personal details are passed on to third parties or shared with companies/people outside of the company that operates this website without your prior consent. Under the Data Protection Act 1998, you may request a copy of personal information held about you by this website’s email newsletter program. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you, please write to the business address in the footer of this website.
Email marketing campaigns published by this website or its owners may contain tracking facilities within the actual email. Subscriber activity is tracked and stored in a database for future analysis and evaluation. Such tracked activity may include; the opening of emails, forwarding of emails, the clicking of links within the email content, times, dates and frequency of activity (this is by no far a comprehensive list). This information is used to refine future email campaigns and supply the user with more relevant content based on their activity.
In compliance with UK Spam Laws and the Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations 2003, subscribers are given the opportunity to unsubscribe at any time through an automated system within Mailchimp and Hubspot. This process is detailed in the footer of each email campaign. If an automated un-subscription system is unavailable, clear instructions on how to unsubscribe will be detailed instead.
EVENT ORGANISATION
As an Organiser, we will collect additional Personal Data from you. The information you provide to us: in some cases, we may collect your dietary requirements, special access needs, personal assistant information and credit card information (e.g., your credit card number and expiration date, billing address, etc.). Some of this may constitute Personal Data, to secure certain payments. In addition, if you use our payment processing services, we will collect financial information from you (e.g., your bank account information or an address to send checks) as necessary to facilitate payments and information required for tax purposes (e.g., your taxpayer identification number).
WHO WE MAY SHARE INFORMATION WITH:
We are not in the business of selling your Personal Data. Therefore, we will not sell your Personal Data to third parties, including third party advertisers. There are, however, certain circumstances in which we may disclose, transfer or share your Personal Data with certain third parties without further notice to you. This includes other entities in the CGA Group or selected third parties that we work with, where necessary for the purposes of delivering to you services that you request from us. For example, when you register to attend an event that we host, we may need to share your information with caterers, third-party subcontractors, sponsors, service providers or other CGA entities. Any other CGA entity or selected third party that you consent to our sharing your information with for marketing purposes.
CAREERS PRIVACY POLICY
CGA collects personal data to contact potential applicants about a role that we have advertised. CGA collects the following information from any job applicant who uploads his or her CV and applies via our Applicant Tracking System (ATS):
name
home address
country of residence
email address
phone numbers
nationality
IP address (the number identifying your electronic device when accessing the Internet)
details of education and working career
personal interests
vacancies applicant may be interested in
When a person applies for a position at CGA, we keep a copy of the CV and application form (if completed) for up to twelve months and share it directly with the recruiting director who advertised the position within our ATS. Within that time, we may contact the applicant regarding similar roles should we feel that the applicant’s skills and experience are relevant. CGA will store a copy of CV and application form, and any other information provided, for no longer than is necessary. We do not share CV or personal details outside of the company, and contact details are only used to contact applicants should a relevant position become available within twelve months of original application. An applicant can request that CGA deletes his or her CV and personal details from our records by emailing forgetme@cga.co.uk.
CONTROLLING INFORMATION ABOUT YOU
Please contact us if you have any questions about this privacy policy or the way we use the information we hold about you, if you would like a copy of the personal data we hold about you, or if you want to make a complaint or comment. Email us at dataprotection@cga.co.uk, or write to the Data Protection Manager, CGA Strawberry Studios, Waterloo Place, Watson Square, Stockport, SK1 3AZ.
If you have agreed that we can use your information for marketing purposes, you can change your mind easily, via one of these methods:
Unsubscribe to our newsletter or change your opt-in settings.
Send an email to hello@cga.co.uk
To opt out of this website collecting Cookies, please activate the relevant setting on your browser to refuse the setting of all or some Cookies. Please note this may affect access to parts of this website.
EXTERNAL LINKS
Although this website only looks to include quality, safe and relevant external links, users are advised to adopt a policy of caution before clicking any external web links mentioned throughout this website.
The owners of this website cannot guarantee or verify the contents of any externally linked website despite their best efforts. Users should, therefore, note they click on external links at their own risk and this website and its owners cannot be held liable for any damages or implications caused by visiting any external links mentioned.
SOCIAL MEDIA PLATFORMS
Communication, engagement and actions taken through external social media platforms that this website and its owners participate on are custom to the terms and conditions as well as the privacy policies held with each social media platform respectively.
Users are advised to use social media platforms wisely and communicate/engage upon them with due care and caution in regard to their own privacy and personal details. Neither this website nor its owners will ever ask for personal or sensitive information through social media platforms and encourage users wishing to discuss sensitive details to contact them through primary communication channels such as by telephone or email.
This website may use social sharing buttons which help share web content directly from web pages to the social media platform in question. Users are advised before using such social sharing buttons that they do so at their own discretion and note that the social media platform may track and save your request to share a web page respectively through your social media platform account.
SHORTENED LINKS IN SOCIAL MEDIA
This website and its owners through their social media platform accounts may share web links to relevant web pages. By default, some social media platforms shorten lengthy URLs.
Users are advised to take caution and good judgement before clicking any shortened URLs published on social media platforms by this website and its owners. Despite the best efforts to ensure only genuine URLs are published, many social media platforms are prone to spam and hacking and therefore this website and its owners cannot be held liable for any damages or implications caused by visiting any shortened links.
RESOURCES & FURTHER INFORMATION
GDPR
Data Protection Act 1998
Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations 2003
Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations 2003 – The Guide
Google Privacy Policy
Hubspot Privacy Policy
MailChimp Privacy Policy
CHANGES TO PRIVACY POLICY
We may change this policy from time to time. Any changes will apply when they have been posted on the site. We will assume you accept these changes if you continue to use the site after that time.
Enter details
Please fill in all fields and enter valid email address.
Your details
Contact info
Additional info
What best describes your company?
Retail or OperatorDrinks Supplier / WholesalerFoodservice Supplier / WholesalerAnalystPressOther
Yes! Sign me up to CGA’s weekly ezine.
By clicking download, you agree to CGA’s privacy policy and consent to allow CGA to store and process the personal information submitted above to provide you with the service or content requested.
Download
Thank you
To download the report, please follow the link below. Need more? Learn how CGA can give your business the competitive edge with our powerful data and expert insights. Contact us today.
Download PDF