http://www.pivot-table-autoformat.com/docs/ablebits-privacy-policy/
Docs Ablebits.com
General Information
Ultimate Suite for Microsoft Excel
Text Toolkit for Microsoft Excel
Add-ins for Microsoft Excel Online
Shared Email Templates for Outlook
Add-ins Collection for desktop Outlook
Add-ins for Outlook online
Add-ons for Google Sheets
Add-ons for Google Docs
Link Checker for Microsoft Word
General Information
Ablebits.com Privacy Policy
To reflect changes in data privacy laws, specifically the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) in the European Union, we've updated our Privacy Policy and added more details about what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can exercise your privacy rights.
Ablebits.com ("Ablebits" or "we") respect your privacy and are committed to protecting it through our compliance with this Privacy Policy.
Introduction
Data controller
What information we collect about you
General
Information you provide to us
Automatic data collection
Product-specific privacy, security, and data safety
Lawful basis for processing your personal data
Special categories of information
Automated decision making
How we use your information
With whom we share your Personal Data
Choices about how we use your information
Your rights regarding your personal data and changing your information
Do not track signals
Data security
Consent to processing of Personal Data outside of the European Union
Links to other sites
Children's privacy
Data retention
Changes to our privacy policy
Contact information
Introduction
This Privacy Policy describes the types of information, including Personal Data, that we collect from you when you visit this website https://www.ablebits.com/ ("Website") and use published products and services as described in this Privacy Policy, how we process that data, and your options to access or update your data.
This policy applies to information we collect:
through our Website (including our forums, blog, and contact forms);
through the use of published products and services;
through email and other electronic messages between you and us (including our technical support services).
It does not apply to information collected by any third party, including through any application or content that may link to or be accessible from the Website or with published products.
Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, do not to use our Website. By accessing or using our Website, you agree to this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy may change from time to time (see Changes to our privacy policy). Your continued use of these Website after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check this Privacy Policy periodically for updates.
Data controller
Ablebits is the data controller of your Personal Data. Ablebits may be contacted in any manner set forth in the Contact information Section of this Privacy Policy.
What information we collect about you
General
We collect several types of information about users of published products and Website, specifically information:
by which you may be personally identified, such as name, postal address, e-mail address, telephone number, company name, company address, job title ("Personal Data");
that individually does not identify you, such as Website traffic data, location data (through IP address), logs, referring/exit pages, date and time of your visit to our Website, error information, and other communication data and the resources that you access and use on the Website;
about your internet connection and the equipment you use to access our Website and usage details.
We collect this information:
directly from you when you provide it to us;
automatically as you navigate through the Website. Information collected automatically may include usage details (including the number of installations for products you have purchased), IP addresses, and information collected through cookies and other tracking technologies;
from third parties, for example, e-commerce service Digital River GmbH (MyCommerce Share-it), 2Checkout and other resellers.
We do not collect and do not have access to:
any payment information such as bank account details, credit card information, check information.
Information you provide to us
The information we collect through our Website includes:
information that you provide by filling in various forms on our Website, including without limitation, registration forms, contact forms, order forms, requesting services (such as technical support), forum posts, blog comments.
records and copies of your correspondence (including name, postal address, e-mail address, telephone number), if you contact us;
your responses to our questions and surveys that we might ask you to complete for research purposes;
your search queries on the Website.
The Personal Data we collect from you is required for Ablebits to provide you with products and services, and to provide you with license keys to published products. If you refuse to provide such Personal Data or withdraw your consent to our processing of your Personal Data, then in some cases we may not be able to fulfill our obligations to you.
Ablebits may offer publicly accessible pages, blogs, and community forums. You should be aware that, when you disclose information about yourself on these pages, blogs, and community forums, you do it at your own risk. We cannot control the actions of other users of the Website with whom you may choose to share your information. Therefore, we cannot and do not guarantee that your information posted on publicly accessible pages will not be viewed by unauthorized persons. If you choose to submit content to any public area of the Website, such content will be considered "public" and will not be subject to the privacy protections set forth herein.
Automatic data collection
As you navigate through and interact with our Website, we may use automatic data collection technologies or other methods of web analysis to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns, specifically:
details of your visits to our Website, specifically traffic data, location data (through IP addresses), logs, referring/exit pages, date and time of your visit to our Website, error information, and other communication data and the resources that you access and use on the Website;
the number of installations for the products you have purchased; and
information about your computer and internet connection, specifically your IP address, operating system, and browser type.
The information we collect automatically may include Personal Data or we may maintain it or associate it with Personal Data we collect in other ways. It helps us to improve our Website and to deliver a personalized service to you.
Details about the automated data collection technologies and the specific cookies that we use can be found in our Cookie Policy.
Product-specific privacy, security, and data safety
Ultimate Suite for Excel
Add-ins Collection for Outlook
Shared Email Templates for Outlook
Text Toolkit for Excel
Add-ins for Microsoft Office Online applications
Google Workspace add-ons
Lawful basis for processing your personal data
As required by the United States and European data protection laws, we have a lawful basis for our collecting and processing of your Personal Data and want to be clear about the purposes for doing so.
The reasons for using your personal information may differ depending on the purpose of the collection. Generally, we use your information for the following purposes and on the following legal grounds:
Consent. By using our Website, products, and services, you consent to our collection, use, and sharing of your Personal Data as described in this privacy policy. If you do not consent to this privacy policy, please do not use the Website, products and services.
Legitimate interests. We will process your Personal Data as necessary for our legitimate interests. Specifically, our legitimate interests are to: facilitate communication between Ablebits and you; develop products and services, detect and correct bugs in products; improve our Website; safeguard our IT infrastructure and intellectual property; detect and prevent fraud and other crime (including misappropriation of intellectual property); promote and grow our business. We do not process your Personal Data if your rights and freedoms outweigh our legitimate interests.
To perform our contractual services to you. We process your Personal Data in order to fulfill our obligations to you pursuant to our contract with you to deliver products and services to you. Specifically, we use your contact information to provide you with the products, license keys, and support services that you order from us.
As required by law. We may also process your Personal Data when we are required or permitted to by law; to comply with government inspection, audits, and other valid requests from government or other public authorities; to respond to legal process such as subpoenas; or as necessary for us to protect our interests or otherwise pursue our legal rights and remedies (for instance, when necessary to prevent or detect fraud, attacks against our network, or other criminal and tortious activities), defend litigation, and manage complaints or claims.
Special categories of information
Ablebits does not ask you to provide, and we do not knowingly collect, any special categories of Personal Data from you, such as Personal Data that reveals your racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious, philosophical beliefs, or trade unions membership, or the processing of data concerning your health or data concerning your sex life or sexual orientation or history of criminal convictions.
Automated decision making
Ablebits does not use your Personal Data with any automated decision making processes.
How we use your information
We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any Personal Data:
to present our Website and its content to you;
to provide you with information, products (including license keys), or services that you request from us;
to provide you with notices about your account, products, and services, including expiration and renewal notices, quotes and invoices;
to carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us;
to notify you about changes or updates to our Website or any products or services you have purchased or that we offer or provide through our Website;
to allow you to participate in interactive features on our Website;
in any other way we may describe when you provide the information; and
for any other purpose with your consent.
If you have expressly opted in to receive our newsletters, we may also use your information to send you information about products, services, events and other activities that may be of interest to you. You may opt-out of receiving these communications at any time by following the "unsubscribe" links included in every e-mail communication, or by sending us an email stating your request to privacy@ablebits.com.
For more information, see Choices about how we use your information.
With whom we share your Personal Data
We do not share, sell, or otherwise disclose your Personal Data for purposes other than those outlined in this Privacy Policy. However, we may disclose aggregated information about our users, and information that does not identify any individual, without restriction.
We may disclose Personal Data that we collect or you provide as described in this privacy policy with the following third parties:
Service providers. We may use third-party service providers to perform services on our behalf. These parties are bound by contractual obligations to keep Personal Data confidential and use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them. Specifically, such service providers include:
Our online live chat support service is provided by y Zendesk, Inc., and its privacy policy may be found at https://www.zendesk.com/company/customers-partners/privacy-policy/
Our primary e-commerce provider (reseller) is Digital River GmbH (MyCommerce Share-it) and its privacy policy may be found at https://account.mycommerce.com/Info/PrivacyStatement
Our secondary e-commerce provider (reseller) is 2Checkout.com and its privacy policy may be found at https://www.2checkout.com/legal/privacy/
We use CifNET Inc. for hosting and maintaining our activation service for desktop products, and its privacy policy may be found at https://www.cifnet.com/privacy/
We use Amazon Web Services, Inc. ("AWS") for hosting and maintaining the Website and products, and its privacy policy may be found at
https://aws.amazon.com/privacy/
We use Automattic Inc. ("Gravatar") for displaying globally-unique avatars on our blog, and its privacy policy may be found at
https://automattic.com/privacy/
We use MailChimp for sending newsletters, and its privacy policy may be found at https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/
We use Google Analytics to collect information regarding visitor behavior and visitor demographics on the Website and some of published products and services. This analytics data is not tied to any Personal Information. For more information about Google Analytics, please visit
https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245
You can opt out of Google's collection and Processing of data generated by your use of the Services by going to https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
None of the above service providers are integrated with any of products, except Google Analytics that is used to collect anonymous statistics about add-ons for Google Sheets, Google Docs, Excel Online, and Outlook Online.
Social Media. Our Website includes links to social media sites, such as Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter, YouTube, and others. These social sites are hosted by third parties and your interactions with these social sites are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing them.
Law enforcement, regulators and other parties for legal reasons. Third parties as required by law or subpoena or if we reasonably believe that such action is necessary to comply with any court order, law, or legal process; to enforce or apply our Terms of Use and other agreements, including EULA; and to protect the rights, property, or safety of Ablebits, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
The Public when posted in certain public areas. Remember, our Website allows you to connect and interact with others. Your profile information or information that you post on a forum or blog, including personal information, will be available publicly to other visitors of the Website by default when you create a profile, interact with other users on the Website, and post content to public areas such as forums and blogs.
Choices about how we use your information
We strive to provide you with choices regarding the Personal Data you provide to us and how you can opt out of our use of tracking technology and our advertising to you.
We will only use your email address to send you newsletters and promotional emails with your express consent. If you wish to consent to such use, you can opt-in to receiving our email communications by checking the relevant box when purchasing products.
You may opt-out of receiving our email communications at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of every e-mail, or by sending us an email stating your request through the contact information below. This opt-out does not apply to information provided to us as a result of your support requests regarding products.
We do not control the collection and use of your information collected by third parties described above in With whom we share your Personal Data. When possible, these organizations are under contractual obligations to use this data only for providing the services to us and to maintain this information strictly confidential. These third parties may, however, aggregate the information they collect with information from their other customers for their own purposes.
Your rights regarding your personal data and changing your information
Under applicable data protection laws, you have the following rights with regards to our processing of your Personal Data.
Access and update. You may notify us through the contact information below or through our Website of any changes or errors in any Personal Data we have about you to ensure that it is complete, accurate, and as current as possible. We may also not be able to accommodate your request if we believe it would violate any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect.
Restrictions. You have the right to restrict our processing of your Personal Data under certain circumstances. In particular, you can request that we restrict our use of your Personal Data if you contest its accuracy, if the processing of your Personal Data is determined to be unlawful, or if we no longer need your Personal Data for processing, but we have retained it as permitted by law.
Portability. To the extent the Personal Data you provide Ablebits is processed based on your consent, you have the right to request that we provide you a copy of, or access to, all or part of such Personal Data in structured, commonly used and machine-readable format.
Withdrawal of consent. You have the right to withdraw your consent to the processing of your Personal Data at any time by sending a request through the contact information below. Withdrawing your consent will not, however, affect the lawfulness of our processing of your Personal Data based on your consent before its withdrawal or on any other lawful basis.
Right to be forgotten. You have the right to request that we delete all of your Personal Data. We cannot delete your Personal Data except by also deleting your user account and revoking your licenses, and we will only delete your account when we no longer have a lawful basis for processing your Personal Data or after a final determination that your Personal Data was unlawfully processed. We may not accommodate a request to erase information if we believe the deletion would violate any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect. In all other cases, we will retain your Personal Data as set forth in this policy. In addition, we cannot completely delete your Personal Data as some data may rest in previous backups. These will be retained for the periods set forth in our disaster recovery policies.
Complaints. You have the right to lodge a complaint with the applicable supervisory authority in the country you live in, the country you work in, or the country where you believe your rights under applicable data protection laws have been violated. However, before doing so, we request that you contact us directly in order to give us an opportunity to work directly with you to resolve any concerns about your privacy.
How you may exercise your rights. You may exercise any of the above rights by contacting us through any of the methods below as well as through the contact forms and live chat feature of our Website. If you contact us to exercise any of the foregoing rights, we may ask you for additional information to verify your identity. We reserve the right to limit or deny your request if you have failed to provide sufficient information to verify your identity or to satisfy our legal and business requirements.
Do not track signals
Do Not Track is a preference you can set in your web browser to inform Website that you do not want to be tracked. You can enable or disable Do Not Track by visiting the Preferences or Settings page of your web browser.
We do not track you over time and across third-party websites or other online services for any purpose, therefore we do not respond to browser DNT signals and do not modify what information we collect or how we use that information based upon whether such signal is broadcast or received.
Data security
To secure your personal data, published products and services are designed with security and privacy in mind. We encrypt your data in transfer; external web resources are protected by SSL encryption.
The safety and security of your information also depend on you. Whether we have given you or you have chosen a password for access to certain parts of our Website, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone. We urge you to be careful about giving out information in public areas of the Website like forums or blogs. The information you share in public areas may be viewed by any user of the Website.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee the security of your Personal Data transmitted to our Website. Any transmission of Personal Data is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Website.
By using the Website or providing Personal Data to us, you agree that we may communicate with you electronically regarding security, privacy, and administrative issues relating to your use of the Site. If we learn of a security system's breach, we may attempt to notify you electronically by posting a notice on the Site or sending an e-mail to you. You may have a legal right to receive this notice in writing.
Consent to processing of Personal Data outside of the European Union
We may process your Personal Data outside of your home country. We only do this when we are legally permitted to do so and when we have appropriate safeguards in place to protect your Personal Data.
If you are a resident of the European Economic Area ("EEA"), your Personal Data may be moved outside of the EEA, including to the United State.
If you are visiting from the European Union or other regions with laws governing data collection and use, please note that you are agreeing to the transfer of your information to the United States and to the processing of your data globally. By providing your Personal Information, you consent to any transfer and processing in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Links to other sites
Our Website may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children's privacy
Our Website is not intended for children under 16 years of age. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 16. If you are a parent or guardian and you learn that your children have provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from a child under age 16 without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 16, please contact us in any manner set forth below in the Contact Information Section of this Privacy Policy.
Data retention
Ablebits will retain your personal data for the entire time that you keep your account open. At any time, you may ask for your data to be removed from our servers by sending a request to privacy@ablebits.com. After the data removal, we may keep pseudonyms of your personal data solely for a record about the data removal.
We may retain your Personal Data:
for as long as necessary to comply with any legal requirement;
on our backup and disaster recovery systems in accordance with our backup and disaster recovery policies and procedures;
for as long as necessary to protect our legal interests or otherwise pursue our legal rights and remedies; and
for data that has been aggregated or otherwise rendered anonymous in such a manner that you are no longer identifiable, indefinitely.
Changes to our privacy policy
This Privacy Policy is effective as of May 25, 2018 and will remain in effect except with respect to any changes in its provisions in the future, which will be in effect immediately after being posted on this page.
We may change this Privacy Policy at any time. It is our policy to post any changes we make to our Privacy Policy on this page. If we make material changes to how we treat our users' Personal Data, we may also notify you by email to the email address specified in your account and through a notice on the Website' home page. The date this Privacy Policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page. You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable email address for you, and for periodically visiting our Website and this Privacy Policy to check for any changes.
Contact information
If you have any questions, concerns, complaints or suggestions regarding our Privacy Policy, have any requests related to your Personal Data pursuant to applicable laws, or otherwise need to contact us, you can reach us using the contact information below or through the About Us page on our Website.
Ablebits.com
149, Barykina st.
Homel, 246000
Belarus, BY
privacy@ablebits.com
Tel: +375 (293) 037-732
Updated on December 12, 2020
Table of contents
Responses
Nancy Morejon says:
March 16, 2020 at 6:42 am
Me gustaria tener esta Aplicacion
Reply
Mary Trifuntova (Ablebits.com Team) says:
March 16, 2020 at 6:53 am
Hello Nancy,
Thank you for contacting us. You may use the fully-functional trial version of all our software to make sure the add-ins work for you. Please find the download links here: https://www.ablebits.com/downloads/index.php
When you decide to make the purchase, the pricing for the add-ins is available on our Purchase page: https://www.ablebits.com/purchase/index.php
Reply
Ricky says:
June 29, 2020 at 9:43 pm
Hi,
We have users in our organization that would like to use your product. Do you save patient information if our users use it in one of their Google Docs?
Reply
Katerina Bespalaya says:
June 30, 2020 at 9:56 am
Hi Ricky,
Thank you for contacting us and for your question.
Please note that we do not collect, store, or share your personal data or information from your files. Please check what permissions you grant to the add-on at the first start here.
You can also have a look at this article that explains how our add-ons process your data.
If you have any other questions, please do not hesitate to ask.
Reply
Ash Hussain says:
October 5, 2020 at 10:06 am
What student data do you collect? we are looking to implement IF Formula builder in school.
It it just name and email shared via the google account?
and what country is the data stored? i am based in uk
how long do you retain personal data?
thanks
ash
Reply
Ekaterina Pechyonkina says:
October 5, 2020 at 10:16 am
Hello Ash,
Thank you for your questions. We do not collect, store, or share your personal data or information from your files. All your files are stored under your Google account on Google servers.
When it comes to paid add-ons, we get the email address you provide when ordering a subscription. Please check our Privacy Policy for more details:
https://www.ablebits.com/docs/ablebits-privacy-policy/#permissions-google-addins
You can also check the article that explains how our add-ons process your data:
https://www.ablebits.com/docs/ablebits-personal-data-safety/#use-google-add-ons
Reply
Ask a question (posted publicly)
Click here to cancel reply.
If you have any questions or issues with this add-in, please feel free to post your concerns in the comments area. As soon as we answer, a notification message will be sent to your e-mail. If you do not want to share your thoughts in public, please contact us at support@ablebits.com.
Copyright © 2003 - 2020 4Bits Ltd. All rights reserved.   Privacy policy   Terms of use   Contact us
Microsoft and the Office logos are trademarks or registered trademarks of Microsoft Corporation. Google Chrome is a trademark of Google LLC.