http://www.smittyware.com/privacy.php
This is the web site of smittyware.com.We can be reached
via e-mail at webmaster@smittyware.com
For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically
recognizes only the consumer's domain name, but not the e-mail address.
We collect the domain name and e-mail address (where possible) of
visitors to our Web page, and aggregate information on what pages
consumers access or visit.
The information we collect is used to improve
the content of our Web page and to notify consumers about updates to our
Web site or products.
With respect to cookies: We use cookies to record session information,
such as items that consumers add to their shopping cart.
If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, you may
unsubscribe by going to the mailing list management page and following the
instructions there.
If you supply us with your postal address on-line, you will only
receive the information for which you provided us your address.
Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line will only
receive telephone contact from us with information regarding orders they
have placed on-line.
Upon request, we provide site visitors with access to transaction
information (e.g., dates on which customers made purchases, amounts and
types of purchases) that we maintain about them.
We also offer visitors
the ability to have inaccuracies corrected in contact information,
transaction information.
With respect to security: We have appropriate security measures in
place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or
alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site.
Personal information will not be sold, rented or leased by
Smittyware.com to anyone for any reason.
No business arrangements will
be made with those that would do that sort of thing, either.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information
policy, you may contact us at the above email address.
Top
of page
© 2001-2018 Smittyware.com, LLC. All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy