http://www.infogoal.com/privacy-statement/
Privacy Statement - Infogoal
Home
Blog
Services
Copywriting
Consulting
Resources
Reviews
White Papers
Mainframe Analytics
Shop
About
Contact Us
Privacy Statement
Overview
The Infogoal.com website is a service provided InfoGoal, LLC. (IGL) who is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This document describes the privacy practices for infogoal.com including:
What personally identifiable information of yours is collected
What organization is collecting the information
How the information is used
With whom the information may be shared
What choices are available to you regarding collection, use and distribution of the information
What kind of security procedures are in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of information under IGL’s control
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Questions regarding this privacy policy should be directed to IGL using the “Messages To Us” form at infogoal.com.
Table of Contents
Under 18s
Information We Collect
Our Use of Your Information
Our Disclosure of Your Information
Your Use of Other Users’ Information
“Tell a friend” services
Control of Your Password
Reviewing and Changing Your Personally Identifiable Information
Other Information Collectors
Security
Changes to Privacy Policy
Downloadable Software Disclaimer
1. Under 18s
Children are not eligible to use our services and we ask that minors (under  18 years of age) do not submit any personal information to us.
2. Information We Collect.
Our primary goal in collecting personal information from you is to provide you with a smooth, efficient, and personalized experience while using our services.  This allows us to provide services and features that most likely meet your needs, and to customize our service to make your experience easier and quicker.
To fully use our services, you will need to register using our online registration form, where you will be required to provide us with your contact information (e.g. e-mail address)
and some other information relating to your professional employment (e.g. name of the company you work for, your position there).  We automatically track certain information about you based upon your behavior on our site. We use this information to do internal research on our users’ demographics, interests, and behaviour to better understand and serve our  users.  This information is compiled and analysed on an aggregated basis.
Web Server Log Files. Using the Site’s web server log files, we use IP addresses to analyze trends, track users’ movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information. This information may include the URL that you just came from (whether this URL is on our site or not), which URL you next go to (whether this URL is on our site or not), what browser and operating system you are using, your IP address etc.
Cookies. In addition, we use cookies on certain pages of our site.  We may also offer certain features that are only available through the use of a cookie.  Cookies can also help us provide information which is targeted to your interests.
Surveys & Contests. From time-to-time our site may request information from users via surveys, contests or for a particular service (e.g. newsletter).  Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and the user therefore has a choice whether or not to disclose this information.  Information requested will include contact information (as supplied to the site  during registration) and supplementary information on your professional interests, opinions and preferences (e.g. choice of software, working practices, opinions on industry issues, feedback on the infogoal.com web site).  We will use the contact information to notify winners. We will not publish winners’ details on the site though on request we will provide details of any winners’
name and organization.  If the survey or contest has a sponsor then we will share information given by entrants with the sponsor.
Payment Processing. In order to process payments online we require the billing address for the credit card used and our external payment provider, 2Checkout.com, requires your credit card
details.  For details of how your information is used, please see following section.
3. Our Use of Your Information.
We use personally identifiable information about you to improve our marketing and promotional efforts, to statistically analyse site usage, to improve our content and product offerings and to customise our site’s content, layout, and services.  We believe these uses allow us to improve our site and better tailor it to meet our users’ needs.
We use your e-mail address to send you newsletters or other communications (for example, digests of the forum posts)  that you have requested from the Site. Out of respect for our users we offer an opt-out (see 4. below).
We use information in the file we maintain about you, and other information we obtain from your current and past activities on the Site, to resolve any disputes, troubleshoot problems
and enforce our User Agreement.  At times, we may look across multiple users to identify problems or resolve disputes, and in particular on rare occasions we may evaluate your information to look for users using multiple User IDs or alias.
Payment Processing. We take online payments for our subscription and membership services.  We use Paypal.com as our external payment provider.  In addition to the information outlined above, we require the billing address of the credit card you use so that we can pass this to Paypal.com who check the address against the cardholder’s details for  security purposes.  We store these billing details on our servers in case we need to contact you in the future regarding payments.  Paypal.com requires that you provide your credit card details to process the transaction.   This is done on a secure 2CheckOut.com server using SSL (secure sockets layer).  As you go through the transaction process you are transferred to Paypal.com’s servers for the secure transaction where the information you submit goes to Paypal.com.  After the transaction has been completed you are returned to the IGL site.  IGL does not have any access to these credit card details and they are not stored or processed in any way by IGL. In the case of a suspected fraudulent  transaction, card details may be disclosed to IGL by Paypal.com for the sole purpose of performing further checks.  IGL is not permitted to then retain these details. These details are stored securely by Paypal.com in order to process future payments you may make, but Paypal.com does not use your information for any other purpose.
Your Personal Information is stored in our databases, which are located in the USA.  Please note that the information you enter may at some time be transferred outside the USA for the purposes of processing by IGL or any of its affiliates.  By submitting your information, you consent to this transfer.
4. Opt-Out of Email Communications
If at any stage you wish no longer to receive any e-mails that you receive from the site you can stop them coming by changing your preferences in the “Update Your profile” page.
On this page you can define what e-mails you receive from the site (if any)  and save your settings.
5. Our Disclosure of Your Information
Unfortunately, due to the existing regulatory environment, we cannot ensure that all of your private communications and other personally identifiable information will never be disclosed in ways not otherwise described in this Privacy Policy.
By way of example (without limiting the foregoing), we may be forced to disclose information to the government or third parties under certain circumstances, or third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications. We can (and you authorize us to) disclose any information about you to law enforcement or other government officials as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate, in connection with an investigation of fraud, intellectual property infringements, or other activity that is illegal or may expose us to legal liability.
As a general proposition, we do not sell or rent any personally identifiable information about you to any third party.
Advertisers. We do aggregate personally identifiable information and disclose such information in aggregate to advertisers and for other marketing and promotional purposes. However, in these situations, we do not disclose to these entities any information that could be used to personally identify you.
infogoal.com community. Throughout the Site, you are identified by your User ID, which is thereby disclosed to other users and third parties. Your User ID can be used to identify you and your activities throughout the Site. Other people can see your rating, your postings on the Site, and so on. We also provide others a number of ways to allow other users to find more out about you and your site activities if you give them permission to access this information. Please be aware that if you post personal information online that is accessible to the public, you risk receiving unsolicited messages from other parties in return.  infogoal.com cannot be liable for any such communications.
Legal Requests. infogoal.com cooperates with law enforcement inquiries and other third parties to enforce laws, intellectual property and other rights.  Local, and international law enforcement agents can request and may receive your personally identifiable information.
Suppliers and Other Service Providers. From time to time we use third party Suppliers and Service Providers to facilitate our services. Where any Service Provider collects information directly from you (such as the situation where we ask a Service Provider to conduct a survey for us) you will be notified of the involvement of the Supplier or Service Provider, and all information disclosures you make will be strictly optional.
6. Discussion Forums
If you choose to post messages in our forums, or leave a message or comment  in other areas of the site (e.g. comments in the Providers section of the site), or leave feedback for us or other users, we will store such information in a file personal to you. This is so that we can see what contributions you have made to the site.
Where you make such comments or forum posts, your User ID will also be given on the site allowing other users to click on it to find out more about you.  Although you may update and choose your own User ID, it is always publically available information. For all other personal profile information you may choose what other site users can see using the ‘Edit My Profile’ section of the site at www.infogoal.com/user.php?action=edit.
We track which forum messages individual site users read. This is in order to help us understand which content that user is most interested in. We use this intelligence to help personalise the site to match the interests of the user.
7. “Tell a friend” services
Infogoal.com offers a service whereby you can e-mail site content (for example,  a particular forum post) to a friend or colleague. This will involve entering the e-mail address of your friend. We do not use the e-mail addresses you enter for any purpose other than to send your e-mail. We do not store, rent or sell these e-mail addresses.
8. Control of Your Password
Except as specifically permitted by this section, you may not disclose your infogoal.com password to any third parties nor share it with any third parties. If you lose control of your password, you may lose substantial control over your personally identifiable information and may be subject to legally binding actions taken on your behalf. Therefore, if your password has been compromised for any reason, you should immediately change your password by visiting the preferences page on the Site.
You may, however, disclose your password to certain third parties with whom infogoal.com has entered into specific contractual and technical arrangements designed to safeguard your password, in order to enjoy the benefits of those third parties’ services in relation to the infogoal.com services.
If you wish to change your password you can do so at any time through the ‘Edit Your Profile’ section of the site at www.infogoal.com/user.php?action=edit.
9. Reviewing and Changing Your Personally Identifiable Information
You can after logging in review and change the information you submitted during registration by visiting the preferences page on the Site (www.infogoal.com/user.php?action=edit).
You must promptly update your information if it changes. Once posted, you cannot change or remove any public postings made in our forums or other message areas or the feedback area.
You can at any time ask to see and have removed any information that we have stored on you, though we reserve the right to charge for this service.  Please contact David Haertzen if you would like your personal information  removed. We will retain in our files information you have requested to remove in some circumstances, such as to resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems and
enforce our User Agreement. Further, such prior information is never completely removed from our databases due to technical constraints and the fact that we back up our systems. Therefore, you should not expect that all of your personally identifiable information will be completely removed from our databases in response to your requests that it be removed.
10. Other Information Collectors
Except as otherwise expressly discussed in this Privacy Policy, this document only addresses the use and disclosure of information we collect from you. To the extent that you disclose your information to other parties, whether they are other members of the Site or other sites throughout the Internet, different rules may apply to their use or disclosure of the personal information you disclose to them.
11. Security
In order to process and protect your credit card details, our payment provider Paypal.com uses SSL (secure sockets layer) encryption. The secure server is hosted by Paypal.com and not IGL.
On the IGL site we use best effort to safeguard the confidentiality of your personal identifiable information but we do not use encryption (such as SSL)   or firewalls to further protect the information as it travels across the Internet.  This is because we do not believe that, apart from the credit card  information processed by Paypal.com, the personal information we currently collect warrants such measures and the accompanying loss of speed experienced. You  should be aware that “perfect security” does not exist on the Internet.
12. Changes to Privacy Policy
If we are going to use your personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection we will notify you via email, prior to making such changes. You will have a choice as to whether or not we use your information in this different manner. In addition, if we make any material changes in our privacy practices that do not affect user information
already stored in our database, we will post a prominent notice, before changes go into affect, on our web site notifying users of the change. In some cases where we post the notice we will also email users, who have opted to receive communications from us, notifying them of the changes in our privacy practices.
informationHome
Blog
Contact Us
ServicesConsulting
Copywriting
ResourcesWhite Papers
Reviews
Mainframe Analytics
MiscellaneousPrivacy Statement
Terms Of Service