http://www.epic.org/privacy/kincade/default.html
United States v. Kincade
Top
News | Introduction | Procedural
History
| Resources
Top News
Ninth Circuit Upholds Compelled Disclosure of DNA. In a close
6-5
ruling (pdf),
the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals has determined that a parolee
can be
forced to provide a DNA sample for the FBI's vast national DNA database.
In March, EPIC filed a "friend
of the court" brief (pdf) in the case, arguing
that DNA contains far more information than a fingerprint and that, in
the
absence of privacy safeguards, a DNA sample collected for one purpose
could
be used in the future for unrelated purposes. For more information,
see the
EPIC Genetic
Privacy Page. (Aug. 18, 2004)
EPIC Files Brief in National DNA Database Case. EPIC has filed
an amicus
brief (pdf) in United States v. Kincade, a Ninth Circuit case
concerning whether a parolee can be forced to provide a DNA sample for the
FBI's vast national DNA database. EPIC argues that the search violates the
Fourth Amendment. The EPIC brief notes that DNA contains far more information
than a fingerprint and that, in the absence of privacy safeguards, a DNA
sample collected for one purpose could be used in the future for unrelated
purposes. For more information, see the EPIC Genetic
Privacy Page. (Mar. 1, 2004)
Introduction In United States v. Kincade, the United States Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit is rehearing its prior decision that the compelled production
of a DNA sample from a parolee for inclusion in a nation-wide DNA database
is an unlawful search. This case involves the Fourth Amendment protections
against unreasonable government search and seizure and law enforcement accumulation
and use of personal information.
Procedural History In this case, Thomas Cameron Kincade filed suit against the federal government,
arguing that the DNA Analysis Backlog Elimination Act of 2000 violates Fourth
Amendment guarantees against unreasonable search and seizure. The DNA Act
requires certain felons and parolees to submit a sample of their DNA to the
government. The DNA Act does not require suspicion that an individual will
commit or has committed another offense, nor that the sample be taken in order
to aid in the investigation of a particular crime. Refusal to provide a DNA
sample is a misdemeanor. Once the sample is taken and analyzed, a DNA profile
is created and added to the Combined DNA Index System (CODIS) and made available
to law enforcement by the Federal Bureau of Investigation.
In March 2002, Thomas Kincade was ordered by his probation officer to submit
to a blood extraction because he had been convicted of armed robbery, an offense
listed in the DNA Act as grounds for DNA extraction. Kincade refused to have
his blood drawn, and was arrested and imprisoned for violating his supervised
release. Kincade filed suit, arguing that the forced extraction of blood under
the DNA Act violates the Fourth Amendment. The district court ruled that Kincade’s refusal to provide a DNA sample was
a violation of his supervised release condition to obey his probation officer.
A three-judge panel of the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals voted 2-1 to reverse,
concluding that forced blood extraction is a search under the Fourth Amendment.
The panel found that the government is not entitled to take a DNA sample from
an individual simply because that person is a parolee, but must establish
individualized suspicion that the parolee has committed another crime before
the government may carry out the search. The panel also determined that the
blood extractions under the DNA Act do not fall within the "special needs"
exception of the Fourth Amendment, which permits law enforcement to carry
out otherwise unreasonable searches if they can show a special need beyond
the normal necessity of law enforcement. One judge dissented from the decision,
claiming that DNA profiling is similar to fingerprinting, and thus not an
unreasonable search. In January 2004, the Ninth Circuit voted to withdraw the panel decision and
that eleven circuit judges would rehear the case (known as a rehearing en
banc). In the rehearing, EPIC filed a "friend of the court" brief in support
of Kincade that focused on the false notion that DNA and fingerprinting involve
the same privacy concerns. While a fingerprint merely indicates whether an
individual has been in a specific location, DNA can reveal health, gender,
and familial information. Furthermore, because members of the same family
have similar DNA patterns, an individual's DNA profile may indirectly implicate
a relative. Moreover, EPIC pointed out, there is no uniform storage policy
for DNA samples; rather, each state has a different policy. Not only could
samples end up in the hands of researchers, but international cooperation
among law enforcement agencies has opened CODIS up to other governments. In a close 6-5 ruling
(pdf), the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals determined on August 18, 2004 that
a parolee can be forced to provide a DNA sample for the FBI's vast national
DNA database. In determining that the Fourth Amendment allows compelled DNA
profiling of parolees who are not suspected of having committed an
additional crime, Judge O'Scannlain's majority opinion noted that
parolees are not entitled to the full extent of constitutional
protections enjoyed by the public.
The court concluded that the
public interest served by collecting parolees' DNA outweighed
parolees' "substantially diminished expectations of privacy" and "the
minimal intrusion occasioned by blood sampling."
A concurring opinion
by Judge Gould emphasized that the court had not determined the rights
of an individual "who has fully paid his or her debt to society, who
has completely served his or her term, and who has left the penal
system . . . .
Once those previously on supervised release have
wholly cleared their debt to society, the question must be raised:
'Should the CODIS entry be erased?'"
Judge Gould noted that this
question would have to be addressed in a future case. Judge Reinhardt's lengthy dissent (joined by Judge Pregerson, Judge
Kozinski, and Judge Wardlaw) chastised the majority's holding,
stating, "Never has the [Supreme] Court approved of the government's
construction of a permanent governmental database built from general
suspicionless searches and designed for use in the investigation and
prosecution of criminal offenses."
Judge Reinhardt went on to
caution, "Privacy erodes first at the margins, but once eliminated,
its protections are lost for good, and the resulting damage is rarely,
if ever, undone.
Today, the court has opted for comprehensive DNA
profiling of the least protected among us, and in so doing, has
jeopardized us all." Resources Case History
Thomas
Kincade's Opening Brief (pdf) The
Ninth Circuit Panel Decision (pdf) United
States' Petition for Rehearing and Rehearing en Banc (pdf) Thomas
Kincade's Opposition to United States' Petition for Rehearing and Rehearing
en Banc (pdf) Order
for Rehearing en Banc (pdf) Thomas
Kincade's Supplemental Brief en Banc (pdf) United
States' Supplemental Brief en Banc (pdf, 8 MG) EPIC's
Amicus Brief (pdf) Amicus
Brief of Protection & Advocacy, Inc. (pdf) Amicus Brief of the States of California, Alabama, Hawaii, Idaho, Montana,
Oregon and Washington Amicus
Brief of Public Defender Services of Lane County, Inc. for the District
of Columbia (pdf) The Ninth Circuit en Banc Decision (pdf)
Legislative Materials
DNA Analysis Backlog Elimination Act of 2000
EPIC Privacy Page | EPIC
Home Page
Last Updated:
April 4, 2006
Page URL: http://www.epic.org/privacy/kincade/default.html