http://www.cutter.com/about-cutter/privacy-policy-terms-use
Skip to main content
Home
About Cutter
Privacy Policy & Terms of Use
Cutter Consortium respects your privacy.
Cutter Consortium and its parent company, Arthur D. Little, understand that your privacy is important to you. We are committed to protecting any data that we collect about you. By using our website, products, and services you agree to the use of the data that we collect in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
ABOUT CUTTER CONSORTIUM
Overview
Community & Philosophy
Research Methodology
Management Team
Testimonials
Contact Us
Join Our Team
Privacy Policy & Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
When you register for access to content and information on Cutter's websites (cutter.com, blog.cutter.com, bookstore.cutter.com), register for events, report or other asset downloads; request information on or purchase products or services offered by Cutter Consortium; subscribe to our newsletters; or request to be added to a mailing list, you'll be asked to provide your name, title, organization, email address, phone number, and other information. We use the personal information you share with us to:
provide the products or services that you request
answer your questions and communicate with you about your account or transactions with us
provide information about features on cutter.com or changes to our policies
invite you to live and online events
offer you promotions for Cutter Consortium products and services
invite you to participate in our research studies/surveys
When you submit information data to us by filling out a form on cutter.com, you are transferring such information into the United States and you hereby consent to such transfer.
The information we collect is not shared with or sold to other organizations for commercial purposes.
Cutter does not share email addresses or other personal information with any third parties for use in any advertising or marketing efforts.
Cutter does not share telephone numbers with any third parties for any marketing/telesales efforts.
We may provide your personal information to companies that provide services to help us with our business activities such as analytics or payment processing. These companies are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to us. Third party companies include Act-on Software, Google, PayPal, Wordpress, Acquia Inc., BlueHost, Survey Monkey, and MailChimp.
You can, at any time, update your preferences about receiving email communications from us by clicking the link in the footer of any of the emails you receive from us, or filling out the form here. Or you can contact us at service@cutter.com or +1 781 648 8700 and we will promptly remove you from the appropriate list(s). If you would like your phone number to be removed from any call lists used by sales executives on Cutter’s staff, you can contact us at service@cutter.com or +1 781 648 8700 and we will promptly remove you from any call list.
Be aware that when you post comments to articles or in any other place on cutter.com, your post can be viewed by all users. We encourage you to avoid posting any personal information that you would like to keep private.
Terms of Use
Website Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
Cutter Consortium uses technologies such as cookies, beacons, tags, and scripts, to analyze trends, administer the website, and track users’ movements around the website. We use them so that we can provide you with a better user experience, provide analytics to client organizations, and customize the marketing messages within the Cutter website.
Cookies and web beacons do not contain personally identifiable information.
Data we collect includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data. We use this information to analyze trends, to administer the site, to track users’ movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. Some of this automatically-collected data is linked to personally identifiable information, allowing us to deliver a better experience by, for example, enabling log in without having to re-enter passwords every time you visit, reducing the amount of data that needs to be entered when filling out forms, downloading gated content, completing surveys, etc.
You can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level. If you reject cookies, you can still use the Cutter Consortium website, but some features or areas of our website may be limited.
Third party companies that may set cookies include Act-on Software, Google, and Survey Monkey.
Social Media and Links to Outside Web Pages
Links to any Web page or site outside of cutter.com are included as a service to readers. Social media features, such as the Facebook Like and Share buttons, which are hosted by a third party, may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Your interactions with outside/third-party sites are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing them. Cutter Consortium is not responsible for the content of those sites or their data privacy policies or procedures.
Security
We use secure socket layer technology (SSL) to encrypt sensitive information (such as your login credentials) you provide via cutter.com. We follow generally accepted standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. However, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Cutter Consortium Content
Copyright
Cutter Information LLC/Cutter Consortium owns and reserves any and all copyright, proprietary, and other rights in and to all of the content provided on this website. Any and all portions of Cutter's Reports, Summaries, Updates, Advisors, Journals, articles, webinars, podcasts, and any other published content, whether in any digital, electronic, or print format (content) are protected by US copyright laws and international copyright agreements. Unauthorized reproduction in any form, including but not limited to photocopying, faxing, image scanning and making copies through the use of fax or computer transmission, storage/retrieval systems or computer networks, downloading electronic copies, and posting on the Internet is against the law and strictly prohibited, without permission from the publisher.
Please note that no modifications to content, including the removal of any text or graphics, can be made without prior permission from Cutter Information LLC.
Citation, Reproduction, Inclusion of Cutter Content in Other Works
Small excerpts from Cutter Consortium content are considered "fair use" and do not require permission from Cutter Consortium, but must be attributed as "Source: Cutter Consortium, www.cutter.com". If you are interested in reproducing large parts, or the entire content of any Cutter material, you will need written approval. Some circumstances require a licensing fee. For approvals, please contact us at service@cutter.com.
Overview of Cutter Consortium Client Content Licenses
Cutter Information LLC/Cutter Consortium content is licensed for clients' internal use only. We encourage our clients to use Cutter data, opinion and analysis for internal purposes. However, Cutter content cannot be incorporated into or included as part of any commercial offering, nor utilized for any efforts, activities or deliverables outside the client organization. External distribution and/or reproduction of any Cutter content is prohibited without prior written approval. A copy of your organization's license, with further details, can be obtained from your administrator or from your Cutter Account Executive.
More About these Policies
If the personal information we have collected from you is incorrect, contact us at service@cutter.com. If you would like to be completely removed from our lists, complete our consent withdrawal form.
Cutter Information LLC/Cutter Consortium may occassionally update our privacy policy and/or terms and conditions to reflect changes to our information practices. We may make these amendments at any time by reasonable notice, including without limitation by posting revised terms on this page, which amended terms and conditions shall be binding upon you. This page was last revised on May 22, 2018.
If you have any questions regarding this policy, please contact us at service@cutter.com or +1 781 648 8700.
Why Choose Cutter?
Learn more about Cutter's revolutionary approach to consulting, training and research.
Learn More
Copyright
© 2020 CUTTER CONSORTIUM  |   All Rights Reserved.
Privacy Policy | Terms of Service
Practice Areas
Business & Enterprise Architecture
Business Agility & Software Engineering Excellence
Business Technology & Digital Transformation Strategies
Data Analytics & Digital Technologies
Products & Services
Consulting
Exec Ed & Training
Research & Analysis
Business Agility & Software Engineering Excellence
Business & Enterprise Architecture
Business Technology & Digital Transformation Strategies
Data Analytics & Digital Technologies
Cutter Business Technology Journal
Cutter Business Technology Journal
Cutter Memberships
Events
Cutter Bookstore
The Cutter Edge | Free Subscription
Experts
All Experts
Business Agility & Software Engineering Excellence Team
Business & Enterprise Architecture Team
Business Technology & Digital Transformation Strategies Team
Data Analytics & Digital Technologies Team
About
Corporate Overview
Community & Philosophy
Research Methodology
Management Team
Testimonials
Contact Us
Privacy Policy & Terms of Use
Join Our Team