https://www.intelligere.ltd/privacy-policy-2/
Privacy Policy – Intelligere Ltd
Call us: 01564 795911
Email: hello@intelligere.ltd
Have any questions?
Get A Callback
Home
Our Services
About us
News
Contact us
Search for:
Intelligere Privacy Policy
Intelligere Limited was founded in 2018 and purchased Centralis Transformations Ltd.
How we use your information:
We may use your information to provide Intelligere services, respond to and fulfill your requests. We collect information about you to process your order, to manage your account and/ or service your support requests and, if you agree, to email you about other products and services we think may be of interest to you. We use your information collected from the website to personalise your repeat visits to our website.
Intelligere will not share your information for marketing purposes with companies outside Intelligere. In processing your order, we may send your details to, and also use information from credit reference agencies and fraud prevention agencies.
How we share your information, and what information is collected:
We share data with known third parties when required in relation to raised incidents through our Service Desk Team.
Nominated and disclosed people from Data Controllers.
Disclosed data
Names
E-mail Addresses
Job Position
SLA
Postal Address (Where appropriate)
Contact Telephone Number
Personal data shall be obtained for specific and lawful purposes and not processed in a manner incompatible with those purposes.
Data obtained for specific purposes must not be used for a purpose that differs from those mentioned above.
Personal data shall be adequate, relevant and not excessive in relation to the purpose for which it is held.
Information, which is not strictly necessary for the purpose for which it is obtained, will not be collected. If data is given or obtained which is excessive for the purpose, itshould be immediately deleted or destroyed.
Personal data shall be accurate and, where necessary, kept up to date.
Data, which is kept for a long time, must be reviewed and updated as necessary. It isthe responsibility of staff to ensure that data held by Intelligere Ltd is accurate and up-to-date. Completion of an appropriate registration or application form (for example) will be taken as an indication that the data contained therein is accurate. Individuals should notify the Intelligere Ltd of any changes in circumstance to enable personal records to be updated accordingly. It is the responsibility of the Intelligere Ltd to ensure that any notification regarding change of circumstances is noted and acted upon.
Respecting the Rights of Data Controllers
Intelligere Ltd will respect the rights of Data Controllers, in respect of information held about them. Specifically Intelligere Ltd will:
Respond to access requests regarding the nature of information held and to whom it has been disclosed
Prevent processing likely to cause damage or distress
Prevent processing for purposes of direct marketing
Ensure that significant decisions that will affect Data Controllers are not taken solely by an automated process.
Obtaining consent
Wherever possible, personal data or sensitive data will not be obtained, held, used ordisclosed unless the individual has given consent. The Intelligere Ltd understands“consent” to mean that the data subject has been fully informed of the intendedprocessing and has signified their agreement, whilst being in a fit state of mind to doso and without pressure being exerted upon them.
Marketing
We would like to send you information about products and services of ours whichmay be of interest to you. If you have consented to receive marketing, you may optout at a later date. You have a right at any time to stop us from contacting you formarketing purposes. If you no longer wish to be contacted for marketing purposes,please contact marketing@intelligere.ltd
Access to your information
You have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you. If you would like a copy of some or all of your personal information, please emailsupport@intelligere.ltd . We may make a small charge for this service. We want tomake sure that your personal information is accurate and up to date. You may askus to correct or remove information you think is inaccurate.
How to contact us
Please contact us if you have any questions about our privacy policy or informationwe hold about you:
• By email support@intelligere.ltd• Or write to us at: Intelligere, Studley Point, 88 Birmingham Rd, Studley B807AS.
Archives
May 2020
April 2020
March 2020
Categories
Business
Remote Working
Vendor Partnerships
Meta
Log in
Entries feed
Comments feed
WordPress.org
hello@intelligere.ltd
01564 795911
Second Floor, Windsor House, 40/41 Great Castle Street, London. W1W 8LU
Copyright 2020 Intelligere Ltd
Privacy Policy