http://www.thebookpc.com/help_answer.asp?ID=13#271
Go!
Home
Style
Mini PC Systems
Cube-Style PC Systems
Rackmount Systems (Short-Depth)
LCD PC Systems (All-In-One)
Mini LCDs
Use
Digital Signage Player
Kiosks
Medical Carts
Marine & Automotive
Dental Operatory
Point of Sale (POS)
Home & Office
Manufacturer
AOPEN (Digital Engine)
Intel (NUC)
Lenovo
NEXCOM
Shuttle
Feature
Rise Vision
Best Sellers
Dual Display
Triple Display
Fanless
4K Ready
Dual NIC
contact
Flat $10 UPS Ground Shipping on all orders within the U.S.
1-888-959-2665
Tools
Order Status
My Account
Help/Faq
Return to Help Index
Guarantees/Policies
General Disclaimer
All specials and promotions limited to stock on hand. Call for current prices. Not responsible for typographical errors. We reserve the right to limit quantities on promotional products. Specials and promotional products carry a 7 day return policy from the date of delivery. Warranty periods and coverage may vary depending on the manufacturer. We are not liable under any legal theory for consequential or incidental damages arising from shipping delays, system downtime, loss of data, damage, or expense arising from product malfunction or defect. All warranties are through the manufacturer. Other restrictions may apply.
Safe Shopping Guarantee
Since TheBookPC.com, Inc. uses SSL Encryption, your shopping experience is guaranteed safe. Our Secure Server prevents Credit Card Fraud. TheBookPC.com, Inc. does not tolerate Credit Card Fraud. Each manufacturer has their own Product Warranty. Please consult the manufacturer's website for further information. All shipping charges are posted before checkout.
Warranty Policy
TheBookPC.com, Inc. covers our manufacturers’ warranties. The limited warranty term for most products is for one year parts and one year labor commencing on the date of invoice.Damage caused by shipping the products to you is covered under this limited warranty. Please examine the product and accessories immediately upon receipt. You must notify TheBookPC.com, Inc. immediately if any products/accessories are damaged or missing due to shipping.Products which have been subjected to abuse, misuse, alteration, neglect or unauthorized repair or installation, as determined solely by TheBookPC.com, Inc., may void the warranty. Any alterations, additions, improvements or attachments to the product(s) not authorized by TheBookPC.com, Inc. may also void the warranty.TheBookPC.com, Inc. will repair or replace products/accessories due to defects in material or workmanship, or any failure of the hardware. Warranty repairs will be performed at TheBookPC.com, Inc.’s service center. Any replacement parts/products shall be new or refurbished. Any repaired or replaced product will not extend the original warranty term of the product. Additionally, the warranty period will not be extended as a result of the purchase of any additional parts/products from TheBookPC.com, Inc.During the warranty period, TheBookPC.com, Inc. will provide technical support for hardware diagnosis via e-mail support@thebookpc.com or via phone at 954-742-2050. If TheBookPC.com, Inc. technical support determines that the product is defective, TheBookPC.com, Inc. will issue an RMA number to the customer. The customer is required to ship the product referencing the RMA number on the outside of the original (or equivalent) packaging. The return shipment must be sent insured and prepaid.TheBookPC.com, Inc. will ship the repaired or replaced product to the customer with freight prepaid if the customer’s address is within United Stated of America (excluding Alaska, Hawaii, Puerto Rico and U.S. possessions). Shipments to other locations will be shipped freight collect.NOTE: TheBookPC.com, Inc. will not be responsible for data on the hard-disk drive. Before you ship the product(s) to TheBookPC.com, Inc., please back up your data from the hard-disk drive(s) or any other storage device(s) in the product(s).YOUR WARRANTY WILL NOT COVER ANY SOFTWARE ISSUES.
Low Price Guarantee
It is our commitment to provide you with the best value, at the best price. We value your business and stive to keep our prices low, and SAVE you money!
Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on the
site, place an order, enter a contest or sweepstakes, respond to a survey or
communication such as e-mail, or participate in another site feature.When ordering or registering, we may ask you for your name,
e-mail address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information or other
information. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.We also collect information about gift recipients so that we
can fulfill the gift purchase. The information we collect about gift recipients
is not used for marketing purposes.Like many websites, we use "cookies" to enhance
your experience and gather information about visitors and visits to our
websites. Please refer to the "Do we use 'cookies'?" section below
for information about cookies and how we use them.
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, purchase
products, enter a contest or promotion, respond to a survey or marketing
communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the
following ways:To personalize your site experience and to allow us to
deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most
interested.To allow us to better service you in responding to your
customer service requests.To quickly process your transactions.To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site
feature.If you have opted-in to receive our e-mail newsletter, we
may send you periodic e-mails. If you would no longer like to receive
promotional e-mail from us, please refer to the "How can you opt-out,
remove or modify information you have provided to us?" section below. If
you have not opted-in to receive e-mail newsletters, you will not receive these
e-mails. Visitors who register or participate in other site features such as
marketing programs and 'members-only' content will be given a choice whether
they would like to be on our e-mail list and receive e-mail communications from
us.
How do we protect visitor information?We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your
personal information. Your personal information is contained behind secured
networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special
access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information
confidential. When you place orders or access your personal information, we
offer the use of a secure server. All sensitive/credit information you supply
is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into
our databases to be only accessed as stated above.
Do we use "cookies"?Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to
your computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables
the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture
and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us
remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to
help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity,
which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to
help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that
we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better
understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to
use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and
improve our business.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent,
or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser
(like Netscape Navigator or Internet Explorer) settings. Each browser is a
little different, so look at your browser Help menu to learn the correct way to
modify your cookies. If you turn cookies off, you won't have access to many
features that make your site experience more efficient and some of our services
will not function properly. However, you can still place orders over the
telephone by contacting customer service.
Do we disclose the information we collect to outside parties?We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally
identifiable information unless we provide you with advance notice, except as
described below. The term "outside parties" does not include
www.modelroundup.com. It also does not include website hosting partners and
other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business,
or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information
confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is
appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours
or others' rights, property, or safety.
However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to
other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
How can you opt-out, remove or modify information you have provided to us?To modify your e-mail subscriptions, please let us know by modifying your
preferences in the "My Account" section. Please note that due to
email production schedules you may receive any emails already in production.
To delete all of your online account information from our database, sign into
the "My Account" section of our site and remove your shipping
addresses, billing addresses & payment information. Please note that we may
maintain information about an individual sales transaction in order to service
that transaction and for record keeping.
Third party linksIn an attempt to provide you with increased value, we may include third party
links on our site. These linked sites have separate and independent privacy
policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and
activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity
of our site and welcome any feedback about these linked sites (including if a
specific link does not work).
Changes to our policyIf we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this
page. Policy changes will apply only to information collected after the date of
the change. This policy was last modified on August 6, 2003.
Questions and feedbackWe welcome your questions, comments, and concerns about privacy. Please send us
any and all feedback pertaining to privacy, or any other issue.
Online Policy OnlyThis online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our
website and not to information collected offline.
Terms and ConditionsPlease also visit our Terms
and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and
limitations of liability governing the use of our website.
Your consentBy using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
Security
This website is protected with SSL (secure socket layer) encryption, the highest standard in Internet security.
Get in TOUCH
888-959-BOOKPC (2665)
Local: 954-742-2050
954-749-4995