https://www.tntmax.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Fred's Virtual Marathon Fundraiser
TNTMAX respects your right to privacy. We do not sell or otherwise provide personal information to third parties except as noted below.
TNTMAX collects personal information about its users during registration and while users visit the site. Using “cookie” technology, we are able to recognize you as a user whenever you visit, as well as automatically detect your membership when you participate in TNTMAX, LLC. interactive features.
The data we collect is used in the aggregate to give us demographic information about the entire TNTMAX audience in order to improve your experience on TNTMAX.com and while watching TNTMAX. We share aggregate information, not individual data, with our advertisers to help them better understand our services and to monitor the reach of their advertising on the service.
You may elect to receive emails from us notifying you of updates regarding products and services of TNTMAX, its affiliates, and third parties that we believe may be of interest to you. In addition, our sponsors may wish to offer special promotions and information, in which case we will give you the opportunity to elect to receive such information. If you elect to receive these offers, we will forward your name, email address, and ZIP code to the applicable sponsors. Please note that we are not responsible for any actions of any third parties that may receive your information, and we advise you to check the privacy policies of any third party from which you elect to receive information.
TNTMAX uses reasonable precautions to keep the personal information disclosed to us secure. However, we are not responsible for any breach of security over which we have no control.
You may update your member information. If you would prefer not to receive future special offer announcements, please update section No. 3 in your member profile.
If you have questions, we can be reached by email. This email address is being protected from spam bots, so you will need Javascript enabled to view it.
Privacy and Children
Your child’s privacy matters to us. TNTMAX is a general audience website that complies with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA). Under COPPA, no website operator is permitted to require a child under the age of 13 to disclose more information than is reasonably necessary to participate in an activity. TNTMAX abides by this requirement.
When a child under 13 registers, he/she is required to provide the email address of his/her parent or guardian. The child’s parent or guardian will be notified via email when the child registers with TNTMAX. Parents have the ability to review and cancel their child’s membership at any time (including receipt of any email newsletters and alerts as noted below); instructions are provided in the email.
Registrants under 13 years of age may subscribe to TNTMAX email newsletters and alerts. They are not allowed to participate in contests and promotions, nor do we allow them to be listed in our member directory, receive direct marketing communications from TNTMAX, or be sent our third-party offers.
Registrants under 13 years of age may participate in TNTMAX’s online chats, message boards, and Netcam Network. The Netcam Network allows registered members to appear on our television programming via recorded video. A parent or guardian’s permission is required for any video in which a child under 18 appears, regardless of the age of the registered member who recorded the video.
TNTMAX does not collect any personally identifying information, such as full name and address, regardless of its source, from registered members under 13, nor does it disclose the information it does collect to any third party for any purpose whatsoever.
Third-party advertising
We use DoubleClick’s Sonar Network and services from other third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, and telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements on this site and other sites about goods and services that may be of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and would like to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, visit Network Advertising Initiative.
Third-party cookies
In the course of serving advertisements to this site, our third-party advertiser may place or recognize a unique “cookie” on your computer.
Interested in Top-Notch Support?
Let’s work together today!
Get the outstanding IT support you need to help your business grow.
Find out more about our high quality service, and the many benefits you receive when partnering with TNTMAX.
Let's Work Together
Back To Top
Replica WatchesThis is when the actual "Majetek" title comes in.Depart this kind of for you to theDaytona Henry Newman as well as theSubmariner which replica watches has a chocolates exotic call.Your visible result can be not enormously diverse however it provides a greater legibility as well as a clean appear.
Search
This site uses cookies to provide you with a more responsive and personalized service. By using this site, you agree to our use of cookies. Please read our Privacy Policy for more information on the cookies we use.Accept & Close Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.