http://www.hitech.com/privacy-policy/
Use these quick links to jump to the different sections below.
Information Collection
Information Usage
Information Protection
Your Rights
Data Protection Officer
Data Protection Authority
Children
Cookie Usage
3rd Party Disclosure
3rd Party Links
Google AdSense
Fair Information Practices
COPPA
CalOPPA
Our Contact Information
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their personally identifiable information (PII) is being used online. PII, as used in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read this privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect, or otherwise handle your personally identifiable information in accordance with our website.
What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our website?
When submitting an inquiry on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, mailing address, phone number, agency, or other details to help you with your experience.
When do we collect information?
We collect information from you when you fill out a form
or enter information on our site.
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you submit an inquiry in order to quickly process and respond to your inquiries.
How do we protect visitor information?
We do not use vulnerability scanning and/or scanning to Payment Card Industry (PCI) standards.
We do not use malware scanning.
Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. In addition, all sensitive information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.
We implement a variety of security measures when a user enters, submits, or accesses their information to maintain the safety of your personal information.
Your Rights
Users residing in certain countries, including the EU, are afforded certain rights regarding their personal information. Except where an exception or exemption applies, these rights include the ability to access, correct, and request deletion of your personal
information. You can request a downloadable copy of your personal data from Pulsiam by emailing dpo@pulsiam.com. To delete your personal information, please email dpo@pulsiam.com, and our data protection officer will ensure that that information is deleted.
Data Protection Officer
To contact our Data Protection Officer, please email dpo@pulsiam.com.
You can contact us in writing at:
Pulsiam
16030 Ventura Blvd. Ste 250
Encino, CA 91436
USA
Data Protection Authority
Subject to applicable law, if you are a citizen or resident of the European Economic Area, you also have the right to (i) object to Pulsiam’s use of your personal information and (ii) lodge a complaint with your local data protection authority.
You can locate your local data protection authority, here: http://ec.europa.eu/justice/article-29/structure/data-protection-authorities/index_en.htm
Children
Pulsiam does not knowingly collect any personal information from children under the age of 13 and children under 13 are not permitted to register for an account or use our Services. If you believe that a child has provided us with personal information, please contact us at support@pulsiam.com. If we become aware that a child under age 13 has provided us with personally identifiable information, we’ll delete it.
Do we use cookies?
Yes. Please see our cookies policy. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your device’s internal storage through your web browser (if you allow) that enables the site’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
We use cookies to:
Compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interactions in order to offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may also use trusted third party services that track this information on our behalf.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser’s Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
If you disable cookies, it won’t affect the user’s experience.
Third Party Disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information unless we provide you with advance notice. This does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others’ rights, property, or safety.
However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third Party Links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Google
Google’s advertising requirements can be summed up by Google’s Advertising Principles. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users.
We have not enabled Google AdSense on our site, but we may do so in the future.
California Online Privacy Protection Act
CalOPPA is the first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy.
The law’s reach stretches well beyond California to require a person or company in the United States (and conceivably the world) that operates websites collecting personally identifiable information from California consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being collected and those individuals with whom it is being shared, and to comply with this policy. See more at: California Online Privacy Protection Act.
According to CalOPPA we agree to the following:
Users can visit our site anonymously.
Once this privacy policy is created, we will add a link to it on our home page, or as a minimum on the first significant page after entering our website.
Our Privacy Policy link includes the word ‘Privacy’ and can be easily be found on the page specified above.
Users will be notified of any privacy policy change on our Privacy Policy page.
Users are able to change their personal information by emailing us.
How does our site handle do not track signals?
We honor do not track signals and do not track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place.
Does our site allow third party behavioral tracking?
We do not allow third party behavioral tracking.
COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)
When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under 13, the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control.
The Federal Trade Commission, the nation’s consumer protection agency, enforces COPPA, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children’s privacy and safety online.
We do not specifically market to children under 13.
Fair Information Practices
The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.
In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices, we will take the following responsive action should a data breach occur:
We will notify users via email within 7 business days.
We also agree to the individual redress principle, which requires that individuals have a right to pursue legally enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or a government agency to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.
CAN-SPAM Act
The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.
We collect your email address in order to:
Send information and respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions.
To be in accordance with CAN-SPAM, we agree to:
NOT use false or misleading subjects or email addresses
Identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way
Include the physical address of our business or site headquarters
Monitor third party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used
Honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly
Allow users to unsubscribe by replying to the email or emailing us at unsubscribe@pulsiam.com
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can email us at unsubscribe@pulsiam.com and we will promptly remove you from ALL correspondence.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below.
Pulsiam
16030 Ventura Blvd. Ste 250
Encino, CA 91436
USA
www-contact@pulsiam.com
+1 (310) 282-9919
www.pulsiam.com
Last edited on 2018-05-25
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Read MoreCookies Policy