http://www.relsoftware.com/privacy/
Privacy Statement
Your privacy is important to us, and to you. This page describes when and how we collect and use your personal information.
Collection of Personal Information
Order PlacementWhen you place an order online with us, we use a third-party e-commerce service, provided by MyCommerce ShareIt. We do not keep credit card information as part of your product registration.
Product RegistrationProduct registration information includes the product title as well as your name, address, and email address and telephone number. Product upgrade pricing and some special offers are only available to registered users.
Anonymous Information Collection
Website visitsREL Software collects general usage information about visitors coming to our website.
About CookiesSometimes our website collects general information with the help of cookies. A cookie is a small file that a website writes to your hard drive when you visit that site. Cookies cannot read information from your hard drive or read information from other cookies. If you turn off cookies in your browser, you will still be able to access and browse the REL Software website.
Use of Personal Information
REL Software will not share personal information with third parties without first obtaining your express consent.
REL Software may use personal information that it has collected to:
Provide you with notices of new information that may be of use or interest to you. This may include newsletters, tutorials, website update notices, or notification on the availability of new products, product updates, maintenance releases, and beta versions of products.
Improve the quality of our website.
Determine at our discretion your eligibility to receive product support on evaluation versions of our software.
Survey you (and others) in an attempt to improve our website, our products, or our business.
Site Management Tools
Web Link Validator
REL Link Checker
© 2001–2020 REL Software. All rights reserved. Privacy Statement
Web Link Validator | Contact Us
HOME
PRODUCTS
DOWNLOADS
PURCHASE
SUPPORT
COMPANY