http://www.mtc-training.co.uk/privacy
EMAIL US
sales@mtc-training.co.uk
CALL US NOW
0191 515 3355
COURSES
SCHEDULE
APPRENTICESHIPS
SUCCESS STORIES
VACANCIES
ABOUT US
Privacy Policy
Our General Personal Data Protection / Privacy Policy governs the use and storage of your data.
MTC Training is a Controller of the personal data you provide us.
When you visit our Website, you may be providing MTC Training with information about your visit in two ways:
Statistics collected as you browse (please see our cookie policy)
Organisational and personal information you knowingly give us.
When you sign up for any of our services – paid or otherwise – we will record specific personal information about you, such as your name, contact telephone number and email address.
We take every precaution to keep the information secure and we will never provide your personal information or email address to any third parties except where they are specifically employed to help deliver our own services, any funding bodies where applicable (ie ESFA / ESF for Apprenticeships and ESF provision), or as required by law.
Because MTC Training respects your right to privacy, we want you to be aware of how we handle this information.
MTC Training assures you that we do not sell the names and addresses of our users to outside vendors.
MTC Training will:
Safeguard user information from unauthorised access
Collect, maintain and use information as necessary to provide targeted products and services to meet user needs
Honour user requests to be removed from our telephone or mailing lists in a timely manner
Maintain confidentiality of user information when undertaking projects with other companies.
Organisational and Personal Information You Knowingly Give Us
Within our website, you may be asked to give us personal or organisational information in order to receive information about a product or service. This information may range from your postcode to a specific phone number, email address, mailing address, or organisation URI.
Your personal data is processed in MTC Training located in the UK – Tyne and Wear. Hosting and storage of your data takes place in the UK.
How long will we hold your data?
Under United Kingdom law, we are required to keep your documents until requested to be deleted or according to the Data Retention Policy. After this period, your personal data will be irreversibly destroyed. Any personal data held by us for marketing and service update notifications will be kept by us until such time that you notify us that you no longer wish to receive this information.
Subscriptions to our Newsletter
We encourage all visitors to subscribe to our Newsletter, in order to be kept up to date with new products and special offers etc. You may unsubscribe at any time.  We may send you email notifications regarding our services or information you have specifically requested. You have the ability to opt out of any of this communication at any time.
Use of the Information this Site Gathers/Tracks
MTC Training Website logs Host Names (or IP addresses when the Host Name is not available) for systems administration and security purposes. These logs are monitored and analysed to maintain systems and information security and allow us to constantly improve the value and the availability of the web content.
Updating your information
Should you believe that any personal data we hold on you is incorrect or incomplete, you have the ability to request to see this information, rectify it or have it deleted. Please contact us through sales@mtc-training.co.uk.
To book or for further information, please telephone 0191 515 3355 or e-mail us at sales@mtc-training.co.uk
Address
The Industry Centre,
Colima Avenue,
Sunderland Enterprise Park West,
Sunderland,
Tyne and Wear,
SR5 3XB
Help and Information
Site Map
Directions
Testimonials
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Copyright and Trademarks
Resources
About Us
News Archive
Update your Certification
Apprenticeship Vacancies
Subscribe to our Newsletter
Make an Enquiry
Follow us on