http://www.realassetmgt.com/about-us/business-privacy-policy.html
Home > Business Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy explains how we use any personal information we collect about you when you use this website.
Topics
Our privacy principles
Relevant privacy legislation
Who we are
What information do we collect about you and where is this information stored?
Where is your information kept?
How will we use the information about you?
How long do we hold onto personal information?
Cookies
Access to your information and correction
How to opt out or manage your email preferences
Security
How to contact us
1. Our privacy policy principles
We will never spam you with irrelevant emails
You may opt out or in of our email communications at any time
You have the right to remove any information we may hold on you
We will never sell, rent, make public or distribute your personal information
Data is a liability and therefore should only be collected and processed when absolutely necessary
2. Relevant privacy policy
In line with Real Asset Management internal processes and systems, this website is designed to comply with the following policies:
UK Data Protection Act 1998
EU Data Protection Directive 1995 (DPD)
EU General Data Protection Regulation 2018 (GDPR)
The compliance of this website with the above policies will likely mean this website is compliant with data protection and privacy legislation around the world.
If you are unsure about our compliance in your country, please contact our Data Privacy Practitioner. Contact details can be found in section 3 below.
3. Who we are
Head OfficeReal Asset Management, an MRI Software company28925 Fountain PkwySolonOH 44139
Data Privacy Practitioner:
Email Data Privacy Practitioner
Write to:Data Privay PractitionerReal Asset Management, an MRI Software company28925 Fountain PkwySolonOH 44139
4. What information do we collect about you and where is this information stored?
4.1 Contact formsWe collect the following information about you when you complete form on our website:
Full name
Company name
Email address
Telephone number
Other information you supply relevant to your enquiry
Currently, this information is stored on our website content management system and sent to our marketing automation platform, Pardot. From here, your data may be added into Saleforce.
4.2 Website visitor tracking
Like most websites, our website uses Google Analytics. This tool collects information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, where visitors have come to the site from and the pages they visited. We use this information to better understand how visitors find us and how they interact with our website. We can use this to make adjustments to our website, to deliver a better user experience.
This website also uses Pardot, a marketing automation platform. Upon completing a form on our website, Pardot enables us to see which pages you have viewed on our website. This may be used to better understand your interests when we contact you. Pardot insights are captured through cookies.
4.4 Telephone calls
Telephone calls may be recorded for training and quality purposes and may also be used for fact verification if needed.
4.5 Email newsletter
If you choose to join our mailing list, your email address will be stored in Pardot. Pardot is a third-party data processor. At any time, you can unsubscribe from our newsletters, either from within the newsletter you receive or at any time on this website. Instructions are provided below.
5. Where is your information kept
Our data will be stored on industry standard tools such as Salesforce. This information is only accessible by authorised Real Asset Management staff and those of its parent company, MRI Software.  It is not accessible by third parties.
6. How will we use the information about you?
We collect information about you to understand your needs and provide you with a better service. Specifically, we use your information for:
Internal record keeping
Improve our products or services
Possibly contacting you with marketing material relevant to your enquiry. You may opt-out at any stage from within an email received or please contact unsubscribe@realassetmgt.com.
A member of our team may contact you to respond to your enquiry
Real Asset Management will not share your information with 3rd parties. We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so.
7. How long do we hold onto personal information?
We will retain personal information for three years for companies that do not progress to customer.
8. Cookies
Cookies are text files placed on your computer to collect standard internet log information and visitor behavior information. This information is used to track visitor use of the website and to compile statistical reports on website activity.
For learn more about cookies and how you can set your browser to not accept cookies or to remove cookies from your browser history, please visit www.aboutcookies.org and www.allaboutcookies.org. Please note, blocking cookies may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
To see which specific cookies are used on this website, please review our full cookie policy for more information.
9. Access to your information and correction
If you provide us with your personal information, you have the following rights:
To review the user information that you have supplied to us under the Data Protection Act 1998
To request that we correct any errors, outdated information, or omissions in user information that you have supplied to us
To request that your user information not be used to contact you
To request that your user information be deleted from our records
To exercise any of these rights, please contact Email Data Privacy Practitioner or write to us at:
Data Privacy PractitionerReal Asset Management, an MRI Software company28925 Fountain PkwySolonOH 44139
We will respond to your request to change, correct, or delete your information within a reasonable timeframe and notify you of the action we have taken.
10. How to opt out
You may opt out at any time. Please contact unsubscribe@realassetmgt.com
11. Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
12. How to contact us
Please contact us if you have any questions about our privacy policy or information we hold about you:
Email Data Privacy Practitioner
Or write to us at:Data Privacy PractitionerReal Asset Management, an MRI Software company28925 Fountain PkwySolonOH 44139