https://www.skynetas.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy PolicyThis Privacy Policy sets out how Skynet Applied Systems Ltd. uses and protects any information that you give Skynet Applied Systems Ltd. (Skynet) when you use this website.Skynet is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. Skynet respects individual privacy. Skynet collects and uses personal information in a manner consistent with the laws of the countries in which it does business. If you have questions or concerns regarding this Policy, you should first contact us by email. If contacting us does not resolve your complaint, you may raise your complaint with the Client Relationship Manager +44 (0) 207 236 3777. What we collectWe may collect the following informationName and job titleContact information including email addressDemographic information such as postcode, preferences and interestsOther information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers.What we do with the information we gatherWe require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:Internal record keeping.We may use the information to improve our products and services. Legal DisclaimerWe may disclose Personal Information when required by law or regulation or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary in order to conform to the edicts of the law, comply with legal mandates, or to protect the rights, property, or personal safety of Skynet Applied Systems Ltd., its employees, users and the public. Our Online Privacy PolicyThis Online Privacy Policy covers use of the site www.skynetas.com , www.skynetcharity.co.uk, our software solutions and Apps (such as our financial forecasting App) provided by Skynet. All information you disclose to us on these websites and apps is subject to our Online Privacy Policy.With respect to data received through its websites and Apps, Skynet will comply with the following: We may use personal information we obtain relating to you, including but not limited to your name, mailing address, phone number and email address, for the purposes of contacting you, conducting internal business research, and carrying out other marketing activities. Registering onlineIn order to download documents on our Website, you may first need to complete a registration form and/or create a user name and password. During registration, you are required to give contact information (such as name, phone number and email address). This information can be used to contact you about our services. Controlling your personal informationYou may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:Whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes. If you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at info@skynetas.com. We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties that we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.You may request details of personal information that we hold about you under the EU General Data Protection Regulation 2018. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to Skynet Applied Systems Ltd., 28 Queen Street, London EC4R 1BB.If you believe that, any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect. Marketing and other activitiesWhen registering on the websites, you may have the option of receiving different subscriptions. These options can include promotional information, whitepapers and newsletters. From time to time, we may send our visitors and/or clients e-mail messages with new site feature announcements, enhancements, maintenance information and general updates. We will provide you with the opportunity to ‘opt-out’ of having your personally identifiable information used for certain purposes. If you no longer wish to receive our newsletter and/or product feature updates, you may opt-out by following the instructions included in each newsletter or communication. Alternatively, you may contact the Marketing team at +44 207 236 3777, email us on info@skynetas.com or send written notification to the attention of Skynet Applied Systems Ltd., 28 Queen Street, London EC4R 1BB.You will be notified when your personal information is collected by any third party that is not our agent/service provider, so you can make an informed choice as to whether or not to share your information with that party. We communicate with users on a regular basis to provide requested services and technical support and in response to issues relating to your account via email or phone. From time to time, we collect and store information generated through use of our on-line services. We may use some of this information for marketing research, such as, for example, in compiling statistics on Skynet’s website visitors and in assessing clients’ business needs. If we decide to mention a particular client on the site, we will take reasonable steps to gain that client’s consent before posting. We may collect and store information provided directly or indirectly to us through participation in online contests and/or client satisfaction surveys. We may create standard usage logs through our web server, such as IP address, browser type and access times. We use our web server to recognize your domain name and track your use of the website. We may request certain information from you (such as your name, address, business, telephone number, e-mail address or business requirements) to help us evaluate our site traffic and overall usage, improve our on-line services, and build better websites. We may add information from third parties to this collected information, for instance to research prospective clients. In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why. We may post customer testimonials on our website that may contain personally identifiable information such as the customer’s name. We obtain the customer’s consent prior to posting the testimonial. If you wish to request the removal of your testimonial, you may contact us at the information below. Skynet Applied Systems Ltd. is the sole owner of the information collected on: www.skynetas.com and/or www.skynetcharity.co.uk . Links to other websitesOur website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information that you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.We encourage you to be aware when you leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each website that collects personally identifiable information. This Privacy Policy applies only to the information collected by our website. Order processingIf you purchase software solutions or Apps from us, we request certain personally identifiable information from you on our order form. You must provide contact information (such as name, email, and address) and financial information (such as business bank details and address). We use this information for billing purposes and for filling your order. If we have trouble processing an order, we will use this information to contact you. We use this information to send you updates on the product and/or service you purchased. Third partiesWe use third parties (i.e., emailing services, marketing services, web analytics) to assist with the marketing services on our site. When you register interest on the website on-line, we will share your name and address as necessary for the third party to provide service. These third parties are not permitted to use such information for their own purposes. Skynet Applied Systems Ltd. does not share, sell, trade or rent your personal information to third parties for their promotional purposes. SecurityWe follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. If you have any questions about security on our Website, you can send email us. Cookies, Google Analytics and links to other sitesWe use cookies on this site. A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user’s computer for record-keeping purposes. We do not link the information we store in cookies to any personally identifiable information you submit while on our site. We use both session ID cookies and/or persistent cookies. We use session cookies to make it easier for you to download documents on the site. A session ID cookie expires when you close your browser. A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive for an extended period of time. You can remove persistent cookies by following directions provided in your Internet browser’s ‘help’ file. Our web analytics product uses cookies to track page views and visitors on the site. This information is only used to analyse the traffic on our websites. This information is not tied to personally identifiable information. Persistent cookies also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. If you reject cookies, you may still use our site, but your ability to use some areas of our site, such as document downloads will be limited. The Skynet Applied Systems Ltd. websites use Google Analytics, a web analysis service of Google Inc. (‘Google’) Google Analytics uses ‘cookies’, text files, which will be saved on your computer and which allow an analysis of your use of the website. The information provided by the cookie concerning your use of the website (including your IP-address) will be transferred to a Google server in the United States and saved there. Google will use this information to analyse your use of the website, to compile reports about the website activities for the website operator and to provide additional services concerning the website and internet utilization. Google may transfer this information to third parties, if this is a legal requirement or if third parties are commissioned by Google to process the information. Google will in no event connect your IP-address with other Google data.You can prevent the installation of cookies with the relevant browser software setting; however, in this case you may not be able to use all the functions on these websites to the full extent. Through use of the Skynet Applied Systems Ltd. websites, you agree to the processing of your data by Google in the way described above and for the purpose stated above. Our websites may contain links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such other sites. Changes to this policyWe reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time, so please review it regularly. If we make material changes to this Policy, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of a notice on our home page so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. Notice/use of personal informationSkynet Applied Systems Ltd. provides its customers with the option of disclosing their relationship with Skynet Applied Systems Ltd. by providing notice to individual employees and candidates of the customer regarding the Skynet Applied Systems Ltd. technology that they use. Skynet Applied Systems Ltd. maintains only that Personal Information which its customers have asked Skynet Applied Systems Ltd. to process. The Skynet customer is responsible for giving its employees, applicants and users the appropriate level of notification that Personal Information is being collected and maintained. Notification of changes/choiceSkynet Applied Systems Ltd. will maintain Personal Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If Skynet Applied Systems Ltd. decides to change this Policy, Skynet will post the changes on this page so our customers and/or their employees, applicants and users are aware of what personal information Skynet Applied Systems Ltd. processes, how Skynet Applied Systems Ltd. uses it and under what circumstances, if any, Skynet Applied Systems Ltd. discloses it. If at any point Skynet Applied Systems Ltd. decides to retain or use Personal Information in a different manner, Skynet Applied Systems Ltd. will notify its customers by way of email or by posting a notice on Skynet’s website for at least 30 days prior to the change in use. Customers, in turn, are responsible for their users and providing them a choice as to whether or not Skynet Applied Systems Ltd. uses their personal information in this revised manner. Onward transferWe have developed data practices designed to assure Personal Information is appropriately protected. In addition, we may employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. If we disclose Personal Information to a third party or to Skynet Applied Systems Ltd. employees outside of the UK, we will ensure that such party has agreed to abide by the principles of this policy, or can otherwise assure adequate protection of such Personal Information. Data integritySkynet Applied Systems Ltd. will use Personal Information only in ways compatible with the purpose for which it was collected or authorised by our customers. SecuritySkynet Applied Systems Ltd. is committed to ensuring the security of the Personal Information that it processes. To prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, maintain data accuracy and to ensure the appropriate use of Personal Information, Skynet Applied Systems Ltd. has adopted appropriate physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the Personal Information we process. Skynet Applied Systems Ltd. strives to protect the privacy of the Personal Information it processes, and inadvertent disclosure is unlikely. In the event of such an inadvertent disclosure, will take all commercially reasonable steps to limit and remedy the disclosure. However, Skynet Applied Systems Ltd. cannot guarantee that unauthorised third parties will never be able to defeat those procedures or use Personal Information for improper purposes. Oversight/enforcementSkynet Applied Systems Ltd. has a Marketing Executive who is responsible for Skynet’s compliance with and enforcement of this Policy. Skynet’s Marketing Executive is available to any of its employees, customers, business partners or others who may have questions concerning this Policy or data security practices. Skynet’s Marketing Executive may be contacted by email. Skynet Applied Systems Ltd. has agreed to cooperate with Data Protection Authorities.We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.
Accept Reject
Close GDPR Cookie Settings
Privacy Overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Cookie Policy
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
Strictly Necessary CookiesStrictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
Enable or Disable Cookies
Cookie PolicyMore information about our Cookie Policy
Enable All Save Changes
Powered by  GDPR Cookie Compliance