http://www.denova.com/privacy_policy/
Trader
Trading opportunities
Trade
Overview
Arbitrage academy
Try DeNova Trader free
Subscribe to DeNova Trader
Pricing
Custom software
Bitcoin News
Log in
Subscribe
Privacy Policy
Learn how we protect your private information
We maintain a strong privacy policy and do not willingly
share or sell any information you provide to our company.
We do not send mass mailings or spam.
We use email addresses of our customers and users who contact us
to let them know about security issues, new releases, price changes, support, updates,
follow up whether our products and services are delivering, and
as a way to verify if they purchased or signed up for our products or services.
Cookies
Most of our site can be used without any cookies unless you
signed up for one of our services.
We do not use supercookies, zombie cookies, or HTML5 storage on this site.
We only use persistent cookies and LocalStorage when you've signed up for one
of our services. We use secure, session cookies, which expire when you close your browser,
on certain portions of the website. We do not permit any third-party cookies.
Information We Collect
When you request additional information or register for services,
we will ask you to provide basic contact information. Some of our
services might also request the name of exchanges that you want
to use and your preferences for the service's configuration.
We use common Internet technologies such as cookies
to keep track of interactions with our web sites and emails. You can
disable cookies and continue to use most of our web site.
We never ask for banking, credit card info, or exchange credentials.
Anyone asking for this type of information and claiming to be with
our company is a fraud, so please do not give them any confidential details.
How We Use the Information
We use information collected to provide you with the services you request.
We may use information collected to provide you with additional information
about our services, partners, and promotions. We respect all requests to opt-out.
We may use information collected to improve our web site and services.
We do not share, sell, rent, or
trade personally identifiable information with third parties for their promotional purposes.
We may share information collected with other companies that work
on our company's behalf.
Customer Data
Customer Data is any data entered into the Customer's
private account on a server managed by our company.
Data entered into a free trial account is covered by this policy, but
data entered into Guest accounts is not.
We will not review, share,
distribute, or reference any Customer Data except as provided in the
Subscription or License Agreement, or as may be required by law or coercion.
Customer Data may be viewed or accessed only for the purposes of
resolving a problem, support issues,
suspected violation of Agreements, at the customer's request,
or as may be required by law or coercion.
All information that is not considered Customer Data belongs to
our company.
Opt Out Option
You can opt out of receiving promotional material by sending
email to support and letting us know what you don't want to receive.
Policy Updates
We reserve the right to revise this policy.
All modifications will be posted on
the privacy page online
and take effect immediately.
Products
Open source projects
Cookies
Privacy
Legal
About
Contacts
© 2020 DeNova