http://www.ivorytower.co.za/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Contact
Privacy Policy
Ivory Tower - 24 Hour Pharmacy Near YouCheapest Online ChemistHome
Johannesburg
Midrand
Randburg
Roodepoort
Sandton
South Africa
About
You are here: Home / Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy
If you require any more information or have any questions about our privacy policy, please feel free to contact us by email at mail@www.leukefeestkleding.nl.
At Ivory Tower, the privacy of our visitors is of extreme importance to us. This privacy policy document outlines the types of personal information is received and collected by Ivory Tower and how it is used.
Log Files
Like many other Web sites, Ivory Tower makes use of log files. The information inside the log files includes internet protocol ( IP ) addresses, type of browser, Internet Service Provider ( ISP ), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement around the site, and gather demographic information. IP addresses, and other such information are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable.
Cookies and Web Beacons
Ivory Tower does use cookies to store information about visitors preferences, record user-specific information on which pages the user access or visit, customize Web page content based on visitors browser type or other information that the visitor sends via their browser.
These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to the advertisements and links that appear on Ivory Tower send directly to your browsers. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. Other technologies ( such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons ) may also be used by the third-party ad networks to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and / or to personalize the advertising content that you see.
Ivory Tower has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.
You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information on their practices as well as for instructions about how to opt-out of certain practices. Ivory Tower privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or web sites.
If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual browser options. More detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers can be found at the browsers respective websites.
Categories
General
Internet Marketing
Johannesburg Generic Prescription Drugs
Main
Midrand Cheap Pharmacy Online
Randburg 24 Hour Stores Near Me
Roodepoort Buy Prescription Medicine Online
Sandton 24 Hour Pharmacy Near Me
South Africa Buy Prescription Pills Online
Recent Posts
Online Marketing Services Available for Vehicle Insurance Firms
Learning More about Car Insurance Services and Internet Marketing Strategies
All there is to Know about Vehicle Insurance Cover and Online Marketing
Internet Marketing Strategies Available for Car Insurance Companies
The State of mind of an Effective Net Online Marketer
Understanding the demands of consumers
The Development Of Web Marketing
The Convenience Of Internet Marketing
Website Advancement For Bosch Brands
The Costs Of Internet Marketing
Internet Marketing for Mold Removal Services
What Exactly Internet Marketing Entails
The importance of internet marketing in the realty business
Pharmacy DSTV Installers For Property Managers With Good Property Portfolio
Ivory Tower Premises Property Manager Shares Latest Insights
Ivory Tour Hires Wet Paint For Its Marketing Strategy Implementation
Can Startup Property Companies Benefit From Credit and Auditing Services
24 Hour Pharmacy near Luxury Houses Estate in Centurion
Ivory Tower Complex Management Agents
Chemist Online Gauteng
Closest Pharmacy Near Me South Africa
Online Shopping Medicine Johannesburg South
Drugstore Johannesburg North
Closest Pharmacy Near Me Johannesburg City CBD
Chemist Online Johannesburg
Rx Pharmacy Online Melville
Buy Generic Medicine Online Northcliff
24 Hour Pharmacy Near Me Randburg
24 Hour Stores Near Me Florida
Buy Prescription Pills Online Roodepoort
Prescription Drugs Online Midrand
Cheap Pharmacy Online Rosebank
Drugstore Bryanston
Where To Buy Medicine Fourways
Prescription Drugs Online Sandton
[wd_hustle_ss id=”ivory-tower”]
Pages
Contact
Privacy Policy
Feature Page
AboutThank you for visiting our website. We strive to make this the top resource online and provide quality information to all visitors.
I … Read more...
Latest Updates
Online Marketing Services Available for Vehicle Insurance Firms
Learning More about Car Insurance Services and Internet Marketing Strategies
All there is to Know about Vehicle Insurance Cover and Online Marketing
Copyright © 2020 · Daily Dish Pro Theme on Genesis Framework · WordPress · Log in