https://www.ndsapps.com/privacy-policy.php
1-877-296-2377 (Toll Free)
Home (current)
Products
ERP for Fulfillment
ERP for Manufacturing
ERP for Distribution
Success Stories
About Us
Supportnet
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Effective as of March 10, 2017
This Privacy Statement describes NDS’s privacy practices in relation to the use of the NDS Website. (How NDS collects, uses, shares and safeguards the personal information you provide to us).
Information Collection, Use and Sharing
We may collect the following categories of personal information from our Web site visitors:
Contact Information, such as, Name, Company Name, Company website, Telephone number and Email address.
Email address, name, and contact information of visitors who register for the NDS Newsletter.
We use the information collected from our Web site visitors only for the following purposes:
Follow up with individuals requesting information about our Services.
Keep records of sales leads generated thru the website.
Keep records of contact information provided above.
For marketing purposes.
We do not sell, use, share or otherwise disclose your personal information to any third parties.
Web site visitors may opt-out of receiving advertisement or promotional emails from us by selecting the opt-out link located in the bottom of all our electronic communications. Site visitors may also email info@ndsapps.com directly with a request to be removed from such communications.
Cookies
NDS uses cookies to make interactions with the Web sites easy and meaningful. When you visit one of NDS’s Web sites, NDS will send a cookie to your computer. Standing alone, cookies do not personally identify you; they merely recognize your Web browser, your IP address, your domain name and any referring site. Unless you choose to identify yourself to NDS, such as by filling out a “Contact Me” Web form, you remain anonymous to us.
You can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level. If you reject cookies, you may still use our Web site, but your ability to use some features or areas of our Web site may be limited. Many browsers allow a private mode to be activated through which the cookies are always erased after the visit.
Data Security
NDS employs commercially reasonable and appropriate security measures to protect against the loss, misuse, and alteration of the personal information it processes. These safeguards help protect against unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and provide for the appropriate use of personal information. Nevertheless, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is one hundred percent (100%) secure. Therefore, we cannot guarantee absolute security.
Social Media Features/Blogs
Our Web site includes social media features, such as Facebook and Linked In. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our Web site, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social media features are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Web site. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy statement of the company providing it.
Our Web site also offers or may offer publicly accessible blogs or community forums. You should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read, collected, and used by others who access them. We are not responsible for any personal information you choose to submit in these forums.
Changes to this Privacy Statement
NDS reserves the right to change this Privacy Statement from time to time. When we do, we will also revise the "last update" date at the top of this privacy policy. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
Links to Third Party Sites
This site contains links to other sites whose privacy practices may differ from those at this site. If you submit personal information to any of these sites, your information is governed by the applicable third-party’s privacy policies and we are not responsible for it. We therefore encourage you to carefully read the privacy policy of any Web site you visit and raise questions directly with these other providers.
No Services for Minors
We do not knowingly collect information from minors. To use the Web site, you must be the age of legal majority in your place of residence. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to delete information associated with a minor as soon as practicable if we learn that a minor has submitted information about himself/herself to us.
Contacting us
Questions regarding this Privacy Statement or the information practices of the Company’s Web sites should be directed to NDS Privacy. Please send an email to info@ndsapps.com.