http://www.zoobuh.com/policy/terms-and-conditions/
Home
Features
Testimonials
FAQ
Log In
Sign Up
Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
Home > Policies > Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Refunds
Terms and Conditions
Password, Member Information and Security
During registration, you (and family members) will be able to choose account
passwords. A Zoobuh generated password is assigned when password is forgotten. After
logging into the account with the assigned password, members may change it to one
of their choosing. Account holders are responsible for keeping all passwords confidential
and safe. Zoobuh must be notified of any misuse, breach of security, or any unauthorized
use of your account. Neither ZooBuh Inc., or its affiliates will not be held liable
for failure to comply with this issue.
30-Day Money Back Guarantee
Your account carries a 30-day unconditional money back guarantee that begins
when your account is first billed. If you are not completely satisfied with our
services or support within the first 30 days, you will be given a full refund of
the fees paid in advance (excluding setup fees) upon cancellation. The following
services do not qualify for the 30-Day Money Back Guarantee: additional items and
services, custom domain name handling, or items sold through the reseller program.
This guarantee only applies to the first payment and not subsequent payments or
renewals. Refunds can take up to 30 days to process.
Conduct of members
Members should understand that all information, [data, text, software, music
files, photographs, etc.] transmitted from the user either publicly or privately
is the sole responsibility of the user.
You agree to the following:
Do not post material that is racial, abusive, harassing, vulgar, etc.
Do not send email to any person who does not want to receive it. When a
recipient asks you not to send e-mail, honor that request.
Do not impersonate another person from this service.
Do not participate in the relay of any pornographic images.
Members do not represent ZooBuh or its employees and cannot speak in their
behalf.
Do not attempt to bypass any filtering system, including, but not limited
to, spam and content filters.
Do not tamper with any service that does not fall in the general use guidelines.
Do not upload or post copyrighted material [includes photos, music files,
etc.].
Do not send Spam, UCE (Unsolicited Commercial Email) from ZooBuh servers.
This includes, but is not limited to, bulk-mailing of commercial advertising,
or informational announcements.
Do not attempt to hack, crack, use denial of service attacks, or any such
method against ZooBuh servers.
Do not do anything contrary to U.S. Law, Local Law, or International Law.
This is in no way limited to the previously stated, check your local laws regarding
these and other issues.
Spamming
Members are not to send any Spam, harassing emails, UCE/UBE (Unsolicited Commercial/Bulk
Email). Sending unsolicited bulk and/or commercial messages over the Internet (known
as "spamming") is prohibited, regardless of whether or not it overloads a server
or disrupts service to ZooBuh's customers. The term "spamming" also includes, but
is not limited to, engaging in spamming using the service of another ISP, selling
or distributing software through services ZooBuh provides. Violators will be terminated
without refund. ZooBuh reserves the right to determine, in its sole and absolute
discretion, what constitutes a violation of this provision.
A piece of mail is considered Spam when:
Headers and identifiers are altered in a manner of attempting to disguise
or falsify the origin of the email.
Relaying mail from a server that is not owned by yourself, or do not
have permission to do so.
Sending several messages that have the same body and/or subject to a
mass list of people, whether it be at once (bcc) or individually.
Sending advertising information without their explicit consent to receive
such items.
Sending chain letters, pyramid schemes, etc.
Viruses and Other Destructive Activities
Use of ZooBuh's services or equipment for creating or sending Internet viruses;
worms or Trojan horses; or for pinging, flooding or mail bombing; or engaging in
denial of service attacks is prohibited. It is also prohibited for any customer
to engage in other activity that is intended to disrupt or interfere with, or that
results in the disruption of or interference with, the ability of others to effectively
use ZooBuh's services and equipment.
System and Network Abuse
Violations of system or network security are prohibited and may result in criminal
and civil liability, possibly including a fine. Examples of system or network security
violations include, without limitation the following: unauthorized access to or
use of data, systems or networks, including any attempt to probe, scan or test the
vulnerability of a system or network or to breach security or authentication measures
without express authorization of the owner of the system or network; interference
with service to any user, host or network including, without limitation, mail bombing,
flooding, deliberate attempts to overload a system and broadcast attacks; forging
of any TCP/IP packet header or any part of the header information in an e-mail or
a newsgroup posting.
Copyright Violations
The Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA) sets forth the law regarding the
use of copyrighted materials on the Internet. All ZooBuh customers are subject to
the requirements of the DMCA. Individuals or entities submitting notifications of
copyright infringement by a ZooBuh customer (per the DMCA) to ZooBuh must follow
the below procedures. Copyright infringement notifications submitted to ZooBuh according
to these procedures will be processed within 21 days of receipt. Customers who are
the subject of a DMCA notification that meets the below criteria may be subject
to account termination at ZooBuh's sole discretion.
Signature of the copyright owner or a person authorized to act on the copyright
owner's behalf (the Claimant).
Identification of the copyrighted work(s) claimed to have been infringed.
Identification of the material claimed to infringe the copyright(s), and
enough information for ZooBuh to locate it including URLs and specific descriptions
of the infringing material at each URL.
The Claimant's name, address, and telephone number(s).
A statement that the Claimant has a good faith belief that use of the disputed
material is not authorized by the copyright owner or his agent.
A statement, under penalty of perjury, that the information in the notification
of copyright infringement is accurate and that the Claimant is authorized to
act on behalf of the copyright owner.
Fax the notification to:  1-801-770-2816.
No Resale of Service
Unless authorized, you agree not to reproduce, duplicate, sell, trade, exploit
for any commercial purposes, any portion, product or ownership of ZooBuh or its
affiliated companies.
Payment Terms
The cost of ZooBuh will vary, based on what product(s), services and upgrades
are selected. ZooBuh operates in USD (U.S. Dollars). ZooBuh requires a valid credit
card payment to activate service. Upon payment, you may opt-out of auto payment.
Auto payment is a feature that will keep your account from expiring. If your account
expires and is not used in 30 days after expiration, it will be automatically cancelled
and marked for removal from the system. In the event of an account being expired
past the 30 days, there will be a $5.00 charge to reactivate each child's account.
If you choose to re-activate the account, the amount due will include the time the
account was inactive. All payments are final. Sorry, no refunds of payments will
be issued.
Refund Policy
Refunds are only available in accordance with the 30-Day Money Back Guarantee.
Refunds will be provided in the same method of the original payment. There are
no refunds offered or guaranteed after 30 days.
Statements
ZooBuh does not bill with paper invoices or statements. Statements can be
viewed and printed through the Account Manager.
Billing/Price Changes
ZooBuh's prices are subject to change without notice. Any price changes become
effective in the next billing cycle. Pre-paid will be locked in to the lower
price.
Credit Card Dispute / Chargeback
Any customer who disputes a credit card payment is subject to suspension
and account termination at ZooBuh's discretion. Each chargeback on all accounts
will be assessed $30.
Referrals
It is the customer's responsibility to ensure each potential member that is referred
enters the proper code to receive credit for the referral. Although some errors
can be rectified, it is not Zoobuh's responsibility to ensure accuracy. Link referrals
will only be counted if they are 1) unique 2) falls within a 30 day period and 3)
the proper link URL method is used. Alteration of URL code may cause the tracking
to work properly. The same unique address (IP) may be counted multiple times if
the counts span beyond each 30 day period. One IP counted per 30 days.
Coupons, Credits, and Bonus Payments
Bonus payments are issued as coupons, as a result of an advance payment term.
Coupons and credits are issued at various times for troubleshooting help, customer
appreciation, etc. Coupons, credits or bonus payments have no cash value.
Suggestions, Feature Requests and Enhancements
ZooBuh reserves the right to acknowledge enhancements or suggestions. ZooBuh
retains all rights and ownership associated with suggestions by customers. No payment
or compensation will be made for any suggestion or enhancement request, unless specifically
contracted in writing.
Modifications
ZooBuh may discontinue, upgrade, replace, modify, or change in any way, without
limitation, any software, application, program, data, hardware, equipment, or portions
or components thereof, used to provide customers with ZooBuh's services. Certain
changes to ZooBuh's services may affect the operation and user experience from time-to-time.
Third Party Licenses
ZooBuh makes a reasonable effort to provide customers with technologies,
developments, and innovations (technologies), part of which may be licensed,
or co-branded, from or by, third party entities. However, ZooBuh makes NO warranty
of any kind, either express or implied, regarding the quality, accuracy, reliability,
validity, or continued existence of any or all aspects of such technologies.
Furthermore, no customer will hold ZooBuh liable in any way for the revocation
of any license, which has been licensed to ZooBuh.
Backup of Data
Customers are solely and entirely responsible for the management and backup of
all customer data. ZooBuh has backup systems in place to handle restoration of a
catastrophe. ZooBuh may offer a personal backup link for account holders to download
and save email locally.
Server Maintenance and Downtime
Occasionally, ZooBuh will schedule time to do maintenance on the servers or network
infrastructure. In the unlikely event of server failure, data loss, or downtime,
we will make every attempt to get users back online in the shortest time possible.
ZooBuh may, at its sole discretion, credit accounts affected by downtime. Credits
will not be issued upon scheduled downtime.
Pornography / Adult Content
ZooBuh has a zero-tolerance policy on pornography. Pornography and sex-related
merchandising are prohibited on ZooBuh servers and network infrastructure. This
includes sites that may infer sexual content or provide links to adult content elsewhere.
This is also true for sites that promote any illegal activity or content that may
be damaging to our servers or any other server on the Internet, or provide links
to such sites. Violator's account will be terminated without refund. The use of
ZooBuh's services to store, post, display, transmit, advertise or otherwise make
available child pornography is strictly prohibited. ZooBuh will, as required by
law, notify law enforcement agencies when it becomes aware of the presence (or attempt
of transmission) of child pornography on, transmitted through, its services.
Privacy
ZooBuh is concerned with your privacy.  Please refer to our
Privacy Policy for more information.
Termination
Your account may be terminated, and remaining balance forfeited if intentional
misuse and abuse of the service occurs.
Trademarks
Use of any trademark, service mark, or name for commercial purposes is forbidden
without written consent.
Unwanted Commercial Electronic Mail Messages
Customer recognizes that the receipt of unwanted commercial electronic mail messages,
otherwise known as SPAM ("SPAM"), adversely affects Zoobuh, Inc.'s business and its
ability to provide email services to Customer. Accordingly, Customer hereby grants
to Zoobuh, Inc. the authority and right to opt-out and/or unsubscribe from receiving
any and all SPAM emails, sent by any party to Customer's email address(es) hosted at
the zoobuh.com domain suffix and/or any other domain suffix made available through
Zoobuh, Inc. to Customer. Customer also grants to Zoobuh, Inc. the authority and
right, to the extent such right is available to Customer, to take any other action
on behalf of Customer to stop the mailing and/or receipt of SPAM emails, to Customer's
email address(es) hosted at the zoobuh.com domain suffix and/or any other domain suffix
made available through Zoobuh, Inc. to Customer. Zoobuh, Inc. shall not be required
to notify Customer in any way of any action taken on behalf of Customer to opt-out,
unsubscribe, or otherwise address the receipt of SPAM email. Customer can request
information from Zoobuh Inc. regarding any action taken by Zoobuh, Inc. to opt-out
and/or unsubscribe from receiving SPAM emails, which information shall not be
unreasonably withheld.
Disclaimers
100% accuracy of Spam Control is not possible. We do not claim to be able to
filter by 100% accuracy. However, we try to achieve the best ratio possible. We
cannot be held responsible for false positives, false negatives, blocking of wanted
emails, passing of unwanted emails, or the like. The ZooBuh service is provided
on an as is, as available basis without warranties of any kind, either express or
implied, including, but not limited to, warranties of merchantability, fitness for
a particular purpose or non-infringement. ZooBuh expressly disclaims any representation
or warranty that the ZooBuh service will be error-free, secure or uninterrupted.
No oral advice or written information given by ZooBuh, its employees, licensors
or the like, will create a warranty; nor may you rely on any such information or
advice. ZooBuh and its partners and suppliers will not be liable for any cost or
damage arising either directly or indirectly from any transaction or use of the
service.
Miscellaneous
We reserve the right to modify this document at any time. You will be notified
if this occurs.
Last Updated December 8, 2013
Customer Service
My Account
Media
Tools
Company Info
ZooBuh Network
Help / Support
Contact Us
FAQ
Support Forums
Report Abuse
Search
Parent Dashboard
Kids
Teens
Jr.
Sign Up
Testimonials
Features
Articles
Radio
Partners
Become an Affiliate
Newsroom
Chat Lingo Decoder
Mobile Devices
POP Settings
Links
About Us
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Careers
Events
ZooBuh Network
Available Domains
Blog
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Site Map
Contact
© 2002-2020 ZooBuh, Inc., All Rights Reserved.
Kids
username
password
Log In
* problems logging in?
click here -> kid wired
Parents
email address
password
Log In
* problems logging in?
click here -> parentwired