http://www.sunopsis.com/legal/privacy/privacy-choices.html
Oracle and Sunopsis
home
nav
Oracle
Close
Search
Search
Products
Resources
Support
Events
View AccountsSign In
Back
Oracle Account
Sign-In
Create an Account
Help
Sign Out
Cloud Account
Sign in to Cloud
Sign Up for Cloud Free Tier
No results found
Your search did not match any results.
We suggest you try the following to help find what you’re looking for:
Check the spelling of your keyword search.
Use synonyms for the keyword you typed, for example, try “application” instead of “software.”
Try one of the popular searches shown below.
Start a new search.
Trending Questions
Close
About Oracle
Strategic Acquisitions
Oracle and Sunopsis
Oracle Buys Sunopsis
On October 9, 2006, Oracle announced that we have acquired Sunopsis SA.
Sunopsis is a leading provider of high-performance, cost effective data integration products for heterogeneous IT environments. Sunopsis' data integration products are built using next generation "Extract Load Transform (ELT)" architecture that offers superior performance and scalability in comparison to traditional ETL products. With the ELT architecture, data transformations take place within the source or target databases without the need for an ETL server. This results in higher performance and scalability along with easier maintenance for data integration solutions.
Oracle and Sunopsis have complementary products with a shared focus on delivering the very best data integration products to our customers. Real-time information access, next-generation architectures and more mixed IT environments are driving increased requirements for sophisticated, fast, heterogeneous data integration solutions. We plan to incorporate Sunopsis’ high-performance data integration technology into the Oracle Fusion Middleware product family and make it an integrated part of Service-Oriented Architecture (SOA), Business Intelligence (BI), and Master Data Management (MDM) solutions from Oracle. Sunopsis products are optimized for heterogeneous IT environments and as part of Oracle’s hot-pluggable middleware architecture, Oracle is committed to supporting Oracle and non-Oracle data sources and targets.
Oracle Buys Sunopsis
Support for Sunopsis products
Services and Sales
Sunopsis customers and partners: Please use your existing contacts for professional services and sales.
Learn More
See all acquisitions
Resources for
Developers
Startups
Students and Educators
Partners
Oracle PartnerNetwork
Find a Partner
Log in to OPN
Solutions
Artificial Intelligence
Internet of Things
Blockchain
What’s New
How we’re taking on COVID-19
Java SE Downloads
Try Oracle Cloud Free Tier
Contact Us
US Sales: +1.800.633.0738
How can we help?
Subscribe to emails
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
YouTube
Oracle
Integrated Cloud Applications & Platform Services
© 2020 Oracle
Site Map
Privacy/Do Not Sell My Info
Country/Region
Ad Choices
Careers