http://www.totalrecallvr.com/privacy-policy
Home
Privacy Policy
Prolancer Pty Ltd - ACN 115 942 357 – (“Prolancer”) is bound by the National Privacy Principles (“NPPs”) under the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) (“Privacy Act”) in the way that it handles personal information.
This policy explains how Prolancer handles personal information relating to individuals, whether they are customers or not.
Policy
Terminology
In this policy the expressions “we”, “us” and “our” are a reference to Prolancer. The expressions “you” and “your” are a reference to individuals whose personal information we hold.
The expression “personal information” is used in this policy to refer to information or an opinion about an individual whose identity is apparent, or can reasonably be ascertained, from the information or opinion.
Collection of Personal Information
We only collect personal information to the extent that this is necessary for us to carry out our core business; or incidental to carrying out of our core business.
Personal information will generally only be collected for the purpose of enabling us to liaise with individuals who are, or who are associated with, customers, potential customers, contractors or subcontractors.
The types of personal information which we may collect and hold in these circumstances include, without limitation, an individual's name, address, phone number, email address and other contact details.
We may collect personal information from you in a variety of ways including, without limitation, on forms, questionnaires and surveys, by our website (including cookie collection), over the telephone, or person to person.
How We Use Personal Information
We will not use or disclose personal information that we collect for any purpose other than the primary purpose of collection unless:
such use is related to the primary purpose and you would reasonably expect us to use or disclose the information for that other purpose;
in the case of direct marketing not related to our activities - we have obtained your prior consent (unless it is not reasonably practicable to seek your consent and we otherwise comply with the requirements of the Privacy Act); or
the use or disclosure is otherwise permitted under the Privacy Act.
As a general rule, we do not engage in direct marketing activities. To the extent that we do engage in direct marketing in the future, however, you may at any time request us not to provide you with any further direct marketing communications by contacting us via the details set out below.
By using our website you will be deemed to consent to us using your personal information collected by our website for the following purposes:
notifying you about any changes to the information which currently exists on the website;
notifying you in the future about new information relevant to our services; and
monitoring your use of our website.
In providing you with services we may need to disclose your personal information to certain third parties including, without limitation, contractors assisting in the provision of the services as part of our core business activities.
Access to Information
The NPPs provide you with the right to access the personal that we hold in relation to you. If you would like details of the personal information which we may hold about you or, if you would like to correct any of the information that we hold, or if you would like to withdraw some or all of the information we hold, please contact us as follows:
E-Mail:
privacy@prolancer.com.au
Write to us:
Privacy Officer2/34a Olive StreetKingsgrove NSW 2208Australia
Security of Information
We take reasonable steps to protect the personal information which we hold from misuse or loss and from unauthorised access, modification or disclosure.
An electronic customer management and database system is used to store most of the personal information. This system is accessed by authorised users and contains security features to ensure the protection and integrity of the data that we hold.
Exceptions
The NPPs and this policy do not apply to our acts and practices directly related to a current or former employment relationship between us and an employee, and any employee record held by us relating to the employee.
Revisions
From time to time, we may change our policy on how we handle personal information or the sort of personal information which we hold. Any changes to our policy will be published on our website. You should visit these pages from time to time to determine the current policy.