http://www.benttreesoftware.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Contents:
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service:
The following terms and conditions govern all use of the Benttreesoftware.com website and all
content,
services and products available at or through the website (taken together, the Website). The Website is owned
and operated by Bent Tree Software ("Bent Tree Software"). The Website is
offered subject to your acceptance without modification of all of the terms and conditions contained herein and
all other operating rules, policies (including, without
limitation, Bent Tree Software's Privacy Policy) and procedures that may be
published from time to time on this Site by Bent Tree Software (collectively, the "Agreement").
Please read this Agreement carefully before accessing or using the Website. By accessing or using any part of the
web site, you agree to become bound by the terms and conditions of this agreement. If you do not agree to all
the terms and conditions of this agreement, then you may not access the Website or use any services. If these
terms and conditions are considered an offer by Bent Tree Software, acceptance is expressly limited to
these terms. The Website is available only to individuals who are at least 13 years
old.
Your Benttreesoftware.com Account and Site. If you create a blog/site on the
Website, you are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and blog, and you are fully
responsible for all activities that occur under the account and any other actions taken in connection with
the blog. You must not describe or assign keywords to your blog in a misleading or unlawful manner,
including in a manner intended to trade on the name or reputation of others, and Bent Tree Software
may change or remove any description or keyword that it considers inappropriate or unlawful, or otherwise
likely to cause Bent Tree Software liability. You must immediately
notify Bent Tree Software of any unauthorized uses of your blog, your account or any other breaches
of security. Bent Tree Software will not be liable for any acts or omissions by You, including any
damages of any kind incurred as a result of such acts or omissions.
Responsibility of Contributors. If you operate a blog, comment on a blog, post material to
the Website, post links on the Website, or otherwise make (or allow any third party to make) material
available by means of the Website (any such material, "Content"), You are entirely responsible for
the content of, and any harm resulting from, that Content. That is the case regardless of whether the
Content in question constitutes text, graphics, an audio file, or computer software. By making Content
available, you represent and warrant that:
the downloading, copying and use of the Content will not infringe the proprietary rights, including
but not limited to the copyright, patent, trademark or trade secret rights, of any third party;
if your employer has rights to intellectual property you create, you have either (i) received
permission from your employer to post or make available the Content, including but not limited to
any software, or (ii) secured from your employer a waiver as to all rights in or to the Content;
you have fully complied with any third-party licenses relating to the Content, and have done all
things necessary to successfully pass through to end users any required terms;
the Content does not contain or install any viruses, worms, malware, Trojan horses or other harmful
or destructive content;
the Content is not spam, is not machine- or randomly-generated, and does not
contain unethical or unwanted commercial content designed to drive traffic to third party sites or
boost the search engine rankings of third party sites, or to further unlawful acts (such as
phishing) or mislead recipients as to the source of the material (such as spoofing);
the Content is not pornographic, does not contain threats or incite violence towards individuals or
entities, and does not violate the privacy or publicity rights of any third party;
your blog is not getting advertised via unwanted electronic messages such as spam links on
newsgroups, email lists, other blogs and web sites, and similar unsolicited promotional methods;
your blog is not named in a manner that misleads your readers into thinking that you are another
person or company. For example, your blog's URL or name is not the name of a person other than
yourself or company other than your own; and
you have, in the case of Content that includes computer code, accurately categorized and/or
described the type, nature, uses and effects of the materials, whether requested to do so by
Bent Tree Software or otherwise.
By submitting Content to Bent Tree Software for inclusion on your Website, you
grant Bent Tree Software a world-wide, royalty-free, and non-exclusive license to reproduce,
modify, adapt and publish the Content solely for the purpose of displaying, distributing and promoting
your blog. If you delete Content, Bent Tree Software will use reasonable efforts to remove it
from the Website, but you acknowledge that caching or references to the Content may not be made
immediately unavailable.
Without limiting any of those representations or warranties, Bent Tree Software has the right
(though not the obligation) to, in Bent Tree Software's sole discretion (i) refuse or
remove any content that, in Bent Tree Software's reasonable opinion, violates
any Bent Tree Software policy or is in any way harmful or objectionable, or (ii) terminate or
deny access to and use of the Website to any individual or entity for any reason,
in Bent Tree Software's sole discretion. Bent Tree Software will have no
obligation to provide a refund of any amounts previously paid.
Payment and Renewal.
General Terms.
By selecting a product or service, you agree to pay Bent Tree Software the one-time and/or
monthly or
annual subscription fees indicated (additional payment terms may be included in other
communications). Subscription payments will be charged on a pre-pay basis on the day you sign up for
an Upgrade and will cover the use of that service for a monthly or annual subscription period as
indicated. Payments are not refundable.
Automatic Renewal.
Unless you notify Bent Tree Software before the end of the applicable subscription period
that you want
to cancel a subscription, your subscription will automatically renew and you authorize us to collect
the then-applicable annual or monthly subscription fee for such subscription (as well as any taxes)
using any credit card or other payment mechanism we have on record for you. Upgrades can be canceled
at any time by submitting your request to Bent Tree Software in writing.
Services.
Fees; Payment. By signing up for a Services account you agree to
pay Bent Tree Software
the applicable setup fees and recurring fees. Applicable fees will be invoiced starting from the day
your services are established and in advance of using such services. Bent Tree Software
reserves the
right to change the payment terms and fees
upon thirty (30) days
prior written notice to you. Services can be canceled by you at anytime on
thirty (30) days written notice
to Bent Tree Software.
Support. If your service includes access to priority email support. "Email
support" means the ability to make requests for technical support assistance by email at any
time (with reasonable efforts by Bent Tree Software to respond within
one business day) concerning the use of the VIP Services.
"Priority"
means that support takes priority over support for users of the standard or
free Benttreesoftware.com
services. All support will be provided in accordance
with Bent Tree Software standard services practices,
procedures and policies.
Responsibility of Website Visitors. Bent Tree Software has not reviewed, and
cannot review, all
of the material, including computer software, posted to the Website, and cannot therefore be responsible for
that material's content, use or effects. By operating the Website, Bent Tree Software does not
represent or imply
that it endorses the material there posted, or that it believes such material to be accurate, useful or
non-harmful. You are responsible for taking precautions as necessary to protect yourself and your computer
systems from viruses, worms, Trojan horses, and other harmful or destructive content. The Website may
contain content that is offensive, indecent, or otherwise objectionable, as well as content containing
technical inaccuracies, typographical mistakes, and other errors. The Website may also contain material that
violates the privacy or publicity rights, or infringes the intellectual property and other proprietary
rights, of third parties, or the downloading, copying or use of which is subject to additional terms and
conditions, stated or unstated. Bent Tree Software disclaims any responsibility for any harm
resulting from the
use by visitors of the Website, or from any downloading by those visitors of content there posted.
Content Posted on Other Websites. We have not reviewed, and cannot review, all of the
material, including computer software, made available through the websites and webpages to which
Benttreesoftware.com links, and that link to Benttreesoftware.com.
Bent Tree Software does not have any control over those non-Bent Tree Software websites
and webpages, and is not responsible for their contents or their use. By linking to a
non-Bent Tree Software website or webpage, Bent Tree Software does not represent or imply
that it endorses such website or webpage. You are responsible for taking precautions as necessary to protect
yourself and your computer systems from viruses, worms, Trojan horses, and other harmful or destructive
content. Bent Tree Software disclaims any responsibility for any harm resulting from your use of
non-Bent Tree Software websites and webpages.
Copyright Infringement and DMCA Policy. As Bent Tree Software asks others to
respect its
intellectual property rights, it respects the intellectual property rights of others. If you believe that
material located on or linked to by Benttreesoftware.com violates your copyright, you are
encouraged to notify Bent Tree Software in accordance with Bent Tree Software's Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA") Policy.
Bent Tree Software will respond to all such notices, including as required or appropriate by
removing the infringing material or disabling all links to the infringing
material. Bent Tree Software will terminate a visitor's access to and use of the Website if, under
appropriate circumstances, the visitor is determined to be a repeat infringer of the copyrights or other
intellectual property rights of Bent Tree Software or others. In the case of such
termination, Bent Tree Software will have no obligation to provide a refund of any amounts
previously paid to Bent Tree Software.
Intellectual Property. This Agreement does not transfer from Bent Tree Software
to you any Bent Tree Software or third party intellectual property, and all right, title and
interest in and to such property will remain (as between the parties) solely
with Bent Tree Software. Bent Tree Software, Benttreesoftware.com,
the Benttreesoftware.com logo, and all other trademarks, service marks, graphics and logos used
in connection with Benttreesoftware.com, or the Website are trademarks or registered trademarks
of Bent Tree Software or Bent Tree Software's licensors. Other trademarks, service
marks, graphics and logos used in connection with the Website may be the trademarks of other third parties.
Your use of the Website grants you no right or license to reproduce or otherwise use
any Bent Tree Software or third-party trademarks.
Advertisements. Bent Tree Software reserves the right to display advertisements
on your blog unless you have purchased an ad-free account.
Attribution. Bent Tree Software reserves the right to display attribution links
such as 'Blog at Benttreesoftware.com,' theme author, and font attribution in your blog footer
or toolbar.
Partner Products. By activating a partner product (e.g. theme) from one of our partners,
you agree to that partner's terms of service. You can opt out of their terms of service at any time by
de-activating the partner product.
Domain Names. If you are registering a domain name, using or transferring a previously
registered domain name, you acknowledge and agree that use of the domain name is also subject to the
policies of the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers ("ICANN"), including their Registration
Rights and Responsibilities.
Changes. Bent Tree Software reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to modify
or replace any
part of this Agreement. It is your responsibility to check this Agreement periodically for changes. Your
continued use of or access to the Website following the posting of any changes to this Agreement constitutes
acceptance of those changes. Bent Tree Software may also, in the future, offer new services and/or
features
through the Website (including, the release of new tools and resources). Such new features and/or services
shall be subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
Termination. Bent Tree Software may terminate your access to all or any part of
the Website at
any time, with or without cause, with or without notice, effective immediately. If you wish to terminate
this Agreement or your Benttreesoftware.com account (if you have one), you may simply
discontinue
using the
Website. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if you have a paid services account, such account can only be
terminated by Bent Tree Software if you materially breach this Agreement and fail to cure such
breach within
thirty (30) days
from Bent Tree Software's notice to you thereof;
provided that, Bent Tree Software can terminate the Website immediately as part of a general shut
down of our
service. All provisions of this Agreement which by their nature should survive termination shall survive
termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and
limitations of liability.
Disclaimer of Warranties. The Website is provided "as is".
Bent Tree Software and its suppliers and licensors hereby disclaim all warranties of any kind,
express or
implied, including, without limitation, the warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose
and non-infringement. Neither Bent Tree Software nor its suppliers and licensors, makes any
warranty that the
Website will be error free or that access thereto will be continuous or uninterrupted. You understand that
you download from, or otherwise obtain content or services through, the Website at your own discretion and
risk.
Limitation of Liability. In no event will Bent Tree Software,
or its suppliers
or licensors, be liable with respect to any subject matter of this agreement under any contract, negligence,
strict liability or other legal or equitable theory for: (i) any special, incidental or consequential
damages; (ii) the cost of procurement for substitute products or services; (iii) for interruption of use or
loss or corruption of data; or (iv) for any amounts that exceed the fees paid by you
to Bent Tree Software under this agreement during
the twelve (12) month period prior to the cause of
action. Bent Tree Software shall have no liability for any failure or delay due to matters beyond
their reasonable control. The foregoing shall not apply to the extent prohibited by applicable law.
General Representation and Warranty. You represent and warrant that (i) your use of the
Website will be in strict accordance with
the Bent Tree Software Privacy Policy, with this Agreement
and with all applicable laws and regulations (including without limitation any local laws or regulations in
your country, state, city, or other governmental area, regarding online conduct and acceptable content, and
including all applicable laws regarding the transmission of technical data exported from the United States
or the country in which you reside) and (ii) your use of the Website will not infringe or misappropriate the
intellectual property rights of any third party.
Indemnification. You agree to indemnify and hold harmless Bent Tree Software, its
contractors,
and its licensors, and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents from and against any and
all claims and expenses, including attorneys' fees, arising out of your use of the Website, including but
not limited to your violation of this Agreement.
Miscellaneous. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement
between Bent Tree Software and
you concerning the subject matter hereof, and they may only be modified by a written amendment signed by an
authorized executive of Bent Tree Software, or by the posting by Bent Tree Software of a
revised version. Except to
the extent applicable law, if any, provides otherwise, this Agreement, any access to or use of the Website
will be governed by the laws of the state of Tennessee, U.S.A.Tennessee, excluding its conflict of law provisions,
and the proper
venue for any disputes arising out of or relating to any of the same will be the state and federal courts
located in Nashville, Tennessee. Except for claims for injunctive or equitable relief or
claims regarding
intellectual property rights (which may be brought in any competent court without the posting of a bond),
any dispute arising under this Agreement shall be finally settled in accordance with the Comprehensive
Arbitration Rules of the Judicial Arbitration and Mediation Service, Inc. ("JAMS") by three
arbitrators appointed in accordance with such Rules. The arbitration shall take place in
Nashville, Tennessee, in the English language and the arbitral decision may be
enforced
in any court.
The prevailing party in any action or proceeding to enforce this Agreement shall be entitled to costs and
attorneys' fees. If any part of this Agreement is held invalid or unenforceable, that part will be construed
to reflect the parties' original intent, and the remaining portions will remain in full force and effect. A
waiver by either party of any term or condition of this Agreement or any breach thereof, in any one
instance, will not waive such term or condition or any subsequent breach thereof. You may assign your rights
under this Agreement to any party that consents to, and agrees to be bound by, its terms and conditions;
Bent Tree Software may assign its rights under this Agreement without condition. This Agreement
will be binding
upon and will inure to the benefit of the parties, their successors and permitted assigns.
Back to top
Privacy Policy:
Bent Tree Software ("Bent Tree Software")
operates Benttreesoftware.com and may operate other websites. It
is Bent Tree Software's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect
while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Bent Tree Software collects non-personally-identifying information of the
sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference,
referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Bent Tree Software's purpose in
collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand
how Bent Tree Software's visitors use its website. From time to
time, Bent Tree Software may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by
publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Bent Tree Software also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol
(IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on Benttreesoftware.com
blogs/sites. Bent Tree Software only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same
circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that
commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site
where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Bent Tree Software's websites choose to interact
with Bent Tree Software in ways that require Bent Tree Software to gather
personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Bent Tree Software gathers
depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up at Benttreesoftware.com to provide a
username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with Bent Tree Software are asked to
provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to
process those transactions. In each case, Bent Tree Software collects such information only insofar as
is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with
Bent Tree Software. Bent Tree Software does not disclose personally-identifying information
other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with
the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
Bent Tree Software may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its
websites. Bent Tree Software may display this information publicly or provide it to others.
However, Bent Tree Software does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as
described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Bent Tree Software discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information
only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information
in order to process it on Bent Tree Software's behalf or to provide services available
at Bent Tree Software's websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some
of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by
using Bent Tree Software's websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to
them. Bent Tree Software will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated
organizations, as described above, Bent Tree Software discloses potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or
when Bent Tree Software believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the
property or rights of Bent Tree Software, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered
user of an Bent Tree Software website and have supplied your email address, Bent Tree Software
may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to
date with what's going on with Bent Tree Software and our products. If you send us a request (for
example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us
clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Bent Tree Software takes all
measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of
potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser
provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Bent Tree Software uses cookies to
help Bent Tree Software identify and track visitors, their usage of Bent Tree Software
website, and their website access preferences. Bent Tree Software visitors who do not wish to have
cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before
using Bent Tree Software's websites, with the drawback that certain features
of Bent Tree Software's websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If Bent Tree Software, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event
that Bent Tree Software goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the
assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that
any acquirer of Bent Tree Software may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this
policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies.
These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to
compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among
other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy
Policy covers the use of cookies by Bent Tree Software and does not cover the use of cookies by any
advertisers.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Bent Tree Software may change
its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Bent Tree Software's sole
discretion. Bent Tree Software encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to
its Privacy Policy. If you have a Benttreesoftware.com account, you might also
receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in
this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Back to top
William Harvey
Categories
Android
Apps
Auto Loan
Business
Finance
Gadgets
Home
IT
Malware
Mortgage
online marketing
Phones
Project Loon
Shareware
Technology
Uncategorized
Bent Tree Software on TumblrNews, Tips & Reviews
Web Development Tech
What should you learn in 2016/2017? This video gives you a complete roadmap!
Bent Tree Software on Pinterest
The top 5 apps for tracking your mortgage
Auto loan calculator apps
Gadgets for personal use coming in 2017
Multi-platform Media & Entertainment Company
Top 5 New Tech & Gadgets of 2017
Top 5 New Tech & Gadgets at CES 2017. Enjoy!
Archives
October 2020
August 2020
June 2020
May 2020
April 2020
April 2019
September 2018
August 2017
January 2017
TagsAdware
Android
Arlo
Auto Loan
Business
Cloud storage
Computer
Computer Network Architect
Computer System Analyst
Data
Demoware
Donationware
Emulator
Files
Galaxy Note
Google Smartwatch
HTC 11
Internet
iPhone 8
iRobot
IT Consulting
IT Manager
Keywords
LG G6
Loan Calculator
Malware
Mobile Games
Moen
Mortgage Calculator
Nagware
Online storage
Phones
Project Loon
Samsung Galaxy S8
Shedun
Software Developer
Transfer
TripIt Pro
User-friendly
Video
Virtual currencies
Web Developer
Website
Web Traffic
Wemo
Latest Articles
IT
Why Is Internet Search Important?
In this guide, you'll discover: Search intent is the why behind a search inquiry. Simply put, why ...
Apps
Is It Illegal To Download Youtube Videos?
Each week, YouTube ads obtain billions of sights, and the content proprietors, are paid ...
Apps
Can You Download Youtube Videos – Is It Legal?
YouTube is an excellent location for seeing video clips. For the electronic music fan, it is just ...
IT
Understand The Internet Search
Learn more about the four sorts of Look Intent and exactly how to enhance your content to improve ...
Apps
The Best Travel Apps To Install
Are you planning to travel the world? Well, if that’s the case, then you will need the following ...
Gadgets – TechCrunchDJI’s pint-sized Mavic Mini gets camera and connection upgradesHands-on with Mophie’s new modular smartphone battery caseAveine’s Smart Wine Aerator is a huge upgrade for wine lovers — and could create some new ones, tooRocket Lab’s next launch will deliver 30 satellites to orbit — and a 3D-printed gnome from Gabe NewellRaspberry Pi Foundation announces the cute little Raspberry Pi 400iPhones can now tell blind users where and how far away people areThe Level Bolt and Level Touch smart locks are a cut above the competition in design and usability