http://www.windeveloper.com/privacy_policy.htm
PRIVACY POLICY
It's important to WinDeveloper Software to help our customers retain their privacy. We believe your business is no one else's. Your privacy is important to you...and to us. So we'll protect the information you share with us.
This Privacy Policy applies when browsing and making use of the windeveloper.com website, when submitting orders to WinDeveloper Software Ltd. and when submitting information through forms hosted at the windeveloper.com website.
To protect your privacy, WinDeveloper Software Ltd. follows different principles in accordance with worldwide practices for customer privacy and data protection.
We won't sell or give away your name, mail address, phone number, email address or any other information to anyone.
We'll use state-of-the-art security measures to protect your information from unauthorized users.
We use services with specialized expertise to handle the most sensitive information when it comes to handling credit cards and payment information.
NOTICE
We will ask you when we need information that personally identifies you (personal information) that allows us to contact you. Generally, this information is requested when you request support or return us feedback through our contact forms, when downloading software and when subscribing to newsletters. We use your Personal Information for four primary purposes:
To help you solve any issues with our products and services.
To help you quickly find software, services or information.
To help us create content most relevant to you.
To alert you to product upgrades, special offers, updated information and other new services from WinDeveloper Software Ltd.
Furthermore WinDeveloper makes use of a specialized payment handler service to run its online ordering system. Our order forms are hosted and run directly by MyCommerce Share-it - www.mycommerce.com Digital River GmbH. We outsource this service to make sure your payment information is handled by an organization that is specialized in handling payments and in securing sensitive information.
Information supplied at the order forms is needed for 1) registering the software product and 2) for submitting payment. WinDeveloper receives a copy of the information relevant to registering the software product. This allows us to identify you as the legitimate licensee, allows us to fulfill the order by emailing license keys and allows us to provide support and services exclusive to licensed users.
Payment information filled in at the online order forms is exclusively handled by our payment handler. WinDeveloper Software Ltd. has no access to the critical payment information such as credit card numbers, bank account numbers, etc.
This privacy policy applies only to the information received by WinDeveloper Software Ltd., whether directly from the windeveloper.com website or forwarded to us by our designated payment handler.
Our payment handler has its own privacy policy, which policy covers the information supplied to the payment handler on submitting orders.
Links to the payment handler privacy policy are included at the order forms. Information supplied during the order process can be managed through the interface provided by our payment handler. In this regard requests concerning personal information supplied to the payment handler has to be directed to the payment handler in line with their privacy policy.
CONSENT
When using windeveloper.com you are consenting to the collection of basic information such as the IP address and browser version in use.
If you choose not to register or provide any additional information, you can still use most of windeveloper.com website. But you will not be able to access areas and services that require registration.
If you decide to register, you will be able to unregister and request that your information is deleted. This is done by emailing feedback@windeveloper.com. When unregistering we may occasionally have to get back to you via email to collect the necessary details that allow us to fulfill your request.
ACCESS
We will provide you with the means to ensure that your personal information is correct and current. Requests to update or delete your information should be directed to feedback@windeveloper.com
SECURITY
WinDeveloper Software Ltd. has taken strong measures to protect the security of your personal information and to ensure that your choices for its intended use are honored. We take strong precautions to protect your data from loss, misuse, unauthorized access or disclosure, alteration, or destruction.
For this reason we make use of a dedicated payment handler service and a dedicated privacy policy applies to the information submitted to our payment handler. Links to the payment handler privacy policy are included at the order forms.
Your personal information is never shared outside the company without your permission, except under conditions explained above. Inside the company, data is stored in password-controlled servers with limited access. Your information may be stored and processed in Malta or any other country where WinDeveloper Software, its subsidiaries, affiliates or agents are located.
NOTICE TO PARENTS
Parents or guardians: we want to help you guard your children's privacy. We encourage you to talk to your children about safe and responsible use of their Personal Information while using the Internet.
The WinDeveloper Software site does not publish content that is targeted to children. However, if you are concerned about your children providing WinDeveloper Software any personal information without your consent, please notify us by email at feedback@windeveloper.com and we will do our best to determine and correct the problem promptly.
ELECTRONIC PRODUCT REGISTRATION
When you buy and install a new product, we may ask you to register your purchase electronically. When you do, we merge your registration information with any information you've already left with us (we call that information your personal profile). If you haven't previously registered with us, we create a personal profile for you from your product registration information. If you ever want to review or update that information, send an email to sales@windeveloper.com.
Your personal profile allows us to deliver support and services related to products purchased from WinDeveloper Software. You understand that requests for editing/deleting your personal profile may preclude us from delivering services that are only available to users having a valid personal profile.
WHAT WE DO WITH THE INFORMATION YOU SHARE
When you register with us, you provide us with your contact information, including your name and email address. We use this information to send you updates about your order, questionnaires to measure your satisfaction with our service and announcements about new and exciting services that we offer.
When you submit an order, you are redirected to our dedicated payment handler, who will handle your information to process the order. A dedicated privacy policy applies to the information submitted during the ordering process. Links to the payment handler privacy policy are included at the order forms.
We occasionally hire other companies to provide limited services on our behalf, including packaging, mailing and delivering purchases, answering customer questions about products or services, sending postal mail and processing event registration. We will only provide those companies the information they need to deliver the service, and they are prohibited from using that information for any other purpose.
WinDeveloper Software Ltd. will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on WinDeveloper Software Ltd. or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of WinDeveloper Software Ltd. and its family of Websites, and, (c) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of WinDeveloper Software Ltd., its Websites, or the public.