https://www.info-gate.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy PolicyYuko Fumoto2019-07-18T15:24:42+00:00
Privacy Policy
InfoGate is committed to protecting your personal information that you provide to us. Our policies and practices regarding the use and disclosure of your personal is detailed below. It is important to note that, InfoGate reviews and updates our Privacy Policy from time to time as needed. It is important that from time to time you review the terms of this policy to ensure that you are aware of how InfoGate collects and uses personal information. By using our web site, you consent to the collection and use of your personal information by InfoGate as explained below.
Personal Information
Generally, you can visit our web site without providing us with any personal information! However, there are instances where we must have information in order for us to grant you an access to our protected and secured sites. Examples of this information may include registration data (your name, address, email address, phone number, title, etc.), information request data and response data (“User Information”). Our email content when we respond from the website or when you receive any email from our “opt-in” Newsletter will provide instructions on how to remove yourself.
Use of User Information
Use of information is for the sole purposes of supporting you and your employers relationship with InfoGate web site providing content that is focused to needs and supplying information to new product and service offerings. User Information may be retained by InfoGate to verify compliance with the agreement between InfoGate and your employer, to keep track of the domains from which people visit us, to create a user profile to better serve you and your employer, or to simply contact you either electronically or otherwise. If you decide that we should not use your personal user Information, please notify us to not use that information for such purpose. Individuals who are 18 years of age and younger are not to submit information!
Disclosure of User Information
InfoGate does not sell, trade or transfer User Information to third parties. However, we may share User Information with our business partners for marketing, advertising or product/service offering purposes. For example, we provide User Information to our service providers for direct emailing of our newsletters, online surveys or notifications on InfoGate Offerings. We also disclose User Information if: we have your consent; we need to share it in order to provide you with the products and/or services you requested; we respond to a court order or you violate our Terms of Use. You may separately agree to provide your personal information to third parties that provide content for InfoGate Offerings, in order to access and/or use their products and/or services. If you agree to provide such information to these third parties, then your personal information will be subject to their privacy policies.
Accuracy and Security
The accuracy and security of the User Information is not only important but critical to InfoGate. You may request to review and update your User Information retained by contacting InfoGate . If you contact us to correct your User Information, we will attempt to correct such inaccuracies in a timely manner. InfoGate is concerned with the security of your User Information and is committed to taking reasonable steps to protect it from unauthorized access and use of that personal information. InfoGate has put in place the appropriate physical, electronic and managerial policies and procedures to secure your personal User Information. We also continue to implement procedures to maintain accurate, complete and current User Information.
Usernames and Passwords
Access to Support Requests and other content may be allowed under a written agreement between you or your employer and InfoGate. This will require a username and/or password. In most cases, failure to provide personal information will prevent you from accessing specific InfoGate pages that contain certain confidential information, products, services, or promotional offers (“InfoGate Offerings”). By accessing and using our protected and secured web site(s), you agree to maintain the confidentiality of the username and password you selected to access such site(s) and consent to our Terms of Use.
Cookies
InfoGate uses “cookies. A cookie may contain information such as your username and password that helps us recognize the pages you have visited and improve future visits, but the only personal information a cookie can contain is the information that you provide yourself. A cookie cannot read data off of your hard drive or read cookie files created by other sites. Information stored in cookies may be encrypted, however, we do not store your credit card number in cookies. If you prefer not to accept a cookie, you can set your web browser (Microsoft Internet Explorer or Netscape Navigator) to warn you before accepting cookies or you can refuse all cookies by turning them off in your web browser. However, access to some of our secured web site(s) may require the use of cookies, which you must enable only cookies that get sent back to the originating server. Otherwise, you can still access most of the features on our web site even without accepting a cookie.
External Links
InfoGate web site may provide links to other third party web sites. Even if the third party is affiliated with InfoGate through a business partnership or otherwise, InfoGate is not responsible for the privacy policies or practices or the content of such external links. These links are provided to you for convenience purposes only and you access them at your own risk.
Terms of Use
Please also see our Terms of Use, which describes the restrictions, disclaimers, indemnification and limitation of liability governing the use of the entire InfoGate web site.
General
If you have questions regarding our Privacy Statement, please contact us.
bdsm-extreme.org newbdsm.org watchbdsm.net adult-bdsm.org