https://www.printersupplies.com/privacy-policy/
Menu
Home
Hp info
ProductsAbout UsShipping InfoTrack OrdersHP LaserJet Printer PartsHP Automatic Document Feeders & ScannersHP Control BoardsHP Drums & Drum PartsHP FansHP FormattersHP Fuser SleeveHP FusersHP Ink Cartridges & PrintheadsHP Jetdirect CardsHP LaserJet Maintenance KitsHP Memory Cards | Firmware DimmHP MotorsHP Paper Pickup AssembliesHP Power SuppliesHP Roller KitsHP RollersHP Separation Pads & PartsHP Toner SuppliesHP Transfer Belts & Carriage BeltsHP LaserJet Paper TraysHP Wide Format Paper
Account
HP Search
Select Type
HP DesignJet Printers
HP DeskJet
HP Envy
HP LaserJet
HP LaserJet Enterprise
HP LaserJet Pro
HP LaserJet Ultra
HP OfficeJet
HP OfficeJet Enterprise
HP OfficeJet Pro Series
HP PageWide Supplies
HP Photosmart
HP ScanJet Printers
Select Model
Find It
All Other Manufacturer's
Select Manufacturer
Brother Printer Supplies
Canon Printer Supplies
Dell Printer Supplies
Epson Printer Supplies
Lexmark Printer Supplies
Okidata Printer Supplies
Samsung Printer Supplies
Xerox Printer Supplies
Pick Your Model
Select Model
Find It
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
POLICY UPDATES
All Policies may be updated from time to time. Please periodically visit this page to be aware of the most current versions of our Policies. Current policies are retroactive.
ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS
When you visit PrinterSupplies.com or send e-mails to us, you are communicating with us electronically. You consent to receive communications from us electronically. We will communicate with you by e-mail or by posting notices on this site. You agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing.
Since 1992 we have never been asked by a third party to buy or sell our customer list.  There are companies that gather list together, but our job is to help you fix your printer, not make money selling a list we treasure.  We also do not spam, just because you order from us, does not give us the authorization to send you endless emails.  You will however, get the invoice via email for your records.
COPYRIGHT
All content included on this site, such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips, digital downloads, data compilations, and software, is the property of PrinterSupplies.com or its content suppliers and protected by United States and international copyright laws. The compilation of all content on this site is the exclusive property of PrinterSupplies.com and protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. All software used on this site is the property of PrinterSupplies.com or its software suppliers and protected by United States and international copyright laws.
LICENSE AND SITE ACCESS
PrinterSupplies.com grants you a limited license to access and make personal use of this site and not to download (other than page caching) or modify it, or any portion of it, except with express written consent of PrinterSupplies.com. This license does not include any resale or commercial use of this site or its contents any collection and use of any product listings, descriptions, or prices any derivative use of this site or its contents any downloading or copying of account information for the benefit of another merchant or any use of data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction tools. This site or any portion of this site may not be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold, visited, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose without express written consent of PrinterSupplies.com. You may not frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any trademark, logo, or other proprietary information (including images, text, page layout, or form) of PrinterSupplies.com and our affiliates without express written consent. You may not use any meta tags or any other "hidden text" utilizing PrinterSupplies.com's name or trademarks without the express written consent of PrinterSupplies.com. Any unauthorized use terminates the permission or license granted by PrinterSupplies.com. You are granted a limited, revocable, and nonexclusive right to create a hyperlink to the home page of PrinterSupplies.com so long as the link does not portray PrinterSupplies.com, its affiliates, or their products or services in a false, misleading, derogatory, or otherwise offensive matter. You may not use any PrinterSupplies.com logo or other proprietary graphic or trademark as part of the link without express written permission.
YOUR ACCOUNT
If you use this site, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password and for restricting access to your computer, and you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password. PrinterSupplies.com does sell products for children, but it sells them to adults, who can purchase with a credit card. If you are under 18, you may use PrinterSupplies.com only with involvement of a parent or guardian. PrinterSupplies.com and its affiliates reserve the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, remove or edit content, or cancel orders in their sole discretion.
REVIEWS, COMMENTS, COMMUNICATIONS, AND OTHER CONTENT
Visitors may post reviews, comments, and other content and submit suggestions, ideas, comments, questions, or other information, so long as the content is not illegal, obscene, threatening, defamatory, invasive of privacy, infringing of intellectual property rights, or otherwise injurious to third parties or objectionable and does not consist of or contain software viruses, political campaigning, commercial solicitation. You may not use a false e-mail address, impersonate any person or entity, or otherwise mislead as to the origin of content. PrinterSupplies.com reserves the right (but not the obligation) to remove or edit such content, but does not regularly review posted content. If you do post content or submit material, and unless we indicate otherwise, you grant PrinterSupplies.com and its affiliates a nonexclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, and fully sub licensable right to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, and display such content throughout the world in any media. You grant PrinterSupplies.com and its affiliates and sub licensees the right to use the name that you submit in connection with such content, if they choose. You represent and warrant that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to the content that you post that the content is accurate that use of the content you supply does not violate this policy and will not cause injury to any person or entity and that you will indemnify PrinterSupplies.com or its affiliates for all claims resulting from content you supply. PrinterSupplies.com has the right but not the obligation to monitor and edit or remove any activity or content. PrinterSupplies.com takes no responsibility and assumes no liability for any content posted by you or any third party.
COPYRIGHT COMPLAINTS
PrinterSupplies.com and its affiliates respect the intellectual property of others. If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, email us with your complaint.
RISK OF LOSS
All items purchased from PrinterSupplies.com are made pursuant to a shipment contract. This means that the risk of loss and title for such items pass to you upon our delivery to the carrier.
PRODUCT DESCRIPTIONS
PrinterSupplies.com and its affiliates attempt to be as accurate as possible. However, PrinterSupplies.com does not warrant that product descriptions or other content of this site is accurate, complete, reliable, current, or error-free. If a product offered by PrinterSupplies.com itself is not as described, your sole remedy is to return it in unused condition.
Search HP Maintenance Kit
HP LaserJet
HP LaserJet Enterprise
HP LaserJet Pro Series
Search HP Paper Jam Kits
HP LaserJet
HP LaserJet Enterprise
HP LaserJet Pro Series
HP Self Repair Resources
Email HP Tech Support
Maintenance Kit Instructions
Printer DriverDownloads
Printer Error Codes
Service Manual Downloads
Search By HP Printer Type
Find HP Printer Parts
Search By Other Brands
Shop Entire Catalog
Click on Manufacturer's Logo to Shop For Products:
Client Testimonials
I’ve been meaning to write a testimonial for printersupplies.com for a while, and talking to you this morning inspired me to do it now.
I love printersupplies.com, and that praise is not high enough. I could not imagine a better store. They offer an extensive inventory of printer parts, including hard-to-find pieces for fusers and old models. I’ve searched many other online parts stores, but their selections aren’t as good, and they can’t match the prices. Printersupplies.com generally has the lowest or second lowest prices, but they don’t sacrifice customer service for the low cost. All of my orders shipped either on the same day or early on the next day, and they always arrived within two days, even when I chose ground shipping. Also, their website automatically provides a link to download the service manual or instructions related to the part or model of printer. I had scoured the internet looking for service manuals, and I found every one that I needed in one place on their site. Kathy or one of the staff always emailed me to confirm the placement of the order and the shipping information, so I never wondered about the status of my order. When a minor mistake was made in shipping information of one order, Kathy immediately called and offered to correct it. She was very friendly and helpful.
Thanks, and keep up the great work.
Evan
Banner & Witcoff, Ltd.
Evan
Banner & Witcoff, Ltd.
I have just had the most amazing experience with Printersupplies.com and I must share it with you. I called with a somewhat urgent need, and Kathy answered.
I was needing a part that the manufacturer no longer supplies, so she spent a great deal of her time with me on the phone, trying to locate one.
After I thanked her for looking, and hung up with her, what I did not know was that she continued to try to find me the part I was needing. She contacted other suppliers, and DID come up with one. And then she called me back to let me know. Now, I did not leave her my phone number initially, but she took it upon herself to look on caller ID to call and tell me that she had found the part. She even made subsequent phone calls to make sure that I was fully satisfied.
She took my problem and made it her own, and went to the very end to make sure that I was taken care of; even at an expense to her time.
THAT is customer Service you cannot buy!
Thank you Kathy for making my week!
God bless you!
Stan Denman
Community of Life Church
Thank you, PrinterSupplies.com for the parts and instructions! I was about to give up on my HP CP2025 color laser printer, except that I had about $1000 worth of toner left from when I had my consulting business. The printer would jam on every page from either tray 1 or 2 then go into a "initializing" mode for several minutes. I had read on the internet that you could replace the pickup rollers, so I bought a "kit" from an internet mail order service. I was able to install the tray 2 roller, but could not find instructions for the tray 1 device. However, it made not difference and the $%^# thing still jammed! After another pass on the internet, I read that only genuine HP parts work and shortly after I found PrinterSupplies.com. The rollers arrived yesterday and I installed them today. The instructions were sent separately by email and were clear and concise. Once installed, my printer now works without jamming! The only suggestion that I would make is the instructions tell you not to put the printer on its back to avoid toner spilling on sensitive mirrors. I could not get at the rollers to remove them with my fat fingers without putting the printer on its back; however, I removed ALL toner cartridges before doing this and everything worked just fine. Thanks again, PrinterSupplies.com I am truly impressed!
Julian Shull
Printersupplies.com went well above and beyond our expectations! Items were expressed shipped and arrived in two days. The customer service rep (Kathy) was incredible! We will be doing business with them again very soon.
Kristy S.
Kristy
A few months ago I needed a part in a hurry . . . a "big box" office supply store had shipped me the wrong item and I was stuck.
I called PrinterSupplies.com in a near panic . . . Kathy was awesome and assured me she could get me the correct part after verifying the make and model of my laser printer.
The item was sitting at my doorstep within 24 hours as promised.
Fast forward to yesterday . . . I decided to check PrinterSupplies.com prices for the toners I routinely used . . . their prices clobbered the "special prices" I had been given at the "big box" office supply store.
And again, Kathy sent me a nice follow up email along with the UPS tracking number . . . my order will arrive within 24 hours again.
Not only that . . . then Kathy sent me a rebate form I knew nothing about to make sure I received my $100 rebate gift card from HP!
Kathy & PrinterSupplies.com has won me over . . . not just because of their fair pricing and quick, efficient shipping . . . but more so because of the personal service that is so rare today.
"Thank you Kathy!"
Harlan Furbush
I had ordered a paper feed roller for a HP All-in One printer online on Nov 2nd, to be shipped to me in Canada. I hadn't received
an e-mail confirmation as of the 3rd so early in the morning on the 4th I called the toll feed line to inquire. This is when I discovered the quality of service I was dealing with. Kelly answered the phone. She said she had held back my order and was about to contact me. She noticed I had chosen an incorrect shipping process
for Canada and she wanted to ensure I truly wanted the roller for Tray 1 because
people usually want the roller for tray 2. How right she was. Her attention to customer
service saved me time and money.
Thank you Kelly.
Gary Weatherill
McMaster Univserity
Will definitely buy from again, great customer service and super fast response when there was a mistake on my end.
Ian
Connect Computing Tech
Working with Kathy has been the highlight of my month. I’m a new employee and the one who deals with the printer and it broke. I was trying to see if I could return a part because that wasn’t the printers problem and Kathy followed up and even put me on the phone with their tech to walk me through it what else could be the issue. She remained in touch with me and consistently helped me out. I’m so very grateful for her and would recommend her and her team any day. Thanks again!
Madeline
Brookfield Properties
"A part on my printer broke yesterday and my printing business came to a standstill without it. I found Printer Supplies on the internet and ordered the part late in the day (I'm surprised they were still open). Kathy got it shipped the same day and we got it the next morning. What a life saver! We are back in business. Thank you so much for the great service. You are now booked-marked on my "Favorites."
Carol Vogt Prestige Publications Tucson AZ
Carol
Prestige Publications
Excellent service from Kathy. Wonderful to work with. Most accommodating in helping get the parts I needed. You do deserve a raise for all you do!
Edwin Ziarko
Very good website and people hope to strengthen relationship
Chris Tredoux
tonerandribbon.co.za
Ordering through Printer Supplies is easy, their customer service is outstanding, and the product sometimes shows up the next day with regular shipping.  How could you go wrong?
Best regards,
Harley, Kimberly-Clark
Harley
Kimberly-Clark
I have been shopping with PrinterSupplies.com for over three years because of their low prices and, above all, excellent service. When I have compared their prices, I have found that they always meet or beat the competition; and often carry superior lines of generic Epson inks that offer excellent printing at even greater savings. I am especially happy with Printer Supplies excellent customer service. They always ship promptly, help me to locate the best ink solution for my printing needs at the best price, and back all sales with a cheerful replacement guarantee. I have been shopping exclusively with them for several years and I heartily recommend them to all my friends and relatives.
Gary Leger, Agricultural Sciences Teacher
Robertson High School, Las Vegas, NM
Gary Ledger
Robertson High School
I want to extend a huge thank you! You were my lifesaver while I was in Florida at the JCPenny Golf Classic. I think you could tell by my tone of voice that you were my last resort.
Stefan S.
Stefan S.
JCPenny
Our primary source for repair/replacement parts!
The Printer Supplies team very knowledgeable and helpful in properly identifying the various ailments our HP printers, proven invaluable over 10 years now.
Cj Lewis
Caddo Schools - Shreveport, LA
Thank you so much!  Tell your boss I think you deserve a raise for “customer service above and beyond”.
Dianne, Harvard
Dianne
Harvard
I called this morning about our elderly HP 3052, and the nice lady on the phone gave me great advice on cleaning the roller, (rather than hitting it with a hammer) and viola! Elderly printer was happily printing away without error message any longer. (Put the Submit Testimonial icon on the front page and more people will do it!)
Gloria Seibert
Sturdi-Built Greenhouse MFG
I have been shopping online for almost 15 years for most of my needs but printer supplies really is unique for their excellent selections and strong customer service. For the first time a customer service calls me to clarify and recommend reduction to my order which resulted in less charges. This is by all standards a true business that understands the real meaning of doing business; honesty and committement. Please printer supplies continue doing your business hoping to see others like you soon.
Nasser Shehata
Architect
1-27-14
Nasser Shehata
This company is the best. We have an HP printer all-in-one that is over 12 years old and the automatic document feeder input tray broke. This company had the EXACT GENUINE HP REPLACEMENT PART to us within a few days at a very good price. Since arriving, it has been installed on the machine and it does not even look like a replacement part, it looks like it came WITH the machine. The best company for the best price for the best parts for any valued HP printer. Thanks.
Larry
Wincent Warehousing LLC
What a pleasure to deal with Printer Supplies, specifically, Kelly, who not only knows the inventory,
but is charmingly efficient.
Kelly immediately knew how to solve my printer problem. She is a fine representative of her company.
Sara McGinnes
Sara Golinveaux Realty
I ordered from your company two weeks ago, and was very pleased with your response. Not only did your people call me to confirm the order and verify my address, but also sent a follow up billing prior to my receiving my order. I will be ordering from your company in the near future, and hope our business relationship will flourish. The cartridge I ordered was not carried in the local stores and you saved me a lot of leg work. I was also happy I was not bombarded with emails from you after the sale, I only dcvd one email with the invoice.
9-27-14
Online Customer
Good morning,
Ive been meaning to write this for a few days but have not had a free moment.
I wanted to reach out to you and thank you for the wonderful customer service I was provided and the ease of placing the order with you.
You were extremely helpful and did everything you said you would do. In a world where great customer service is no longer the norm, I always make it a point to applaud those business who still take pride in providing great customer service.
Again, thanks so much and have a wonderful afternoon
Warmest Regards,
Audra Harper
Harper Technologies, LLC
Audra Harper
Harper Technologies
In early 2018, I had a major HP printer breakdown requiring parts that were difficult to source.
I found PrinterSupplies.com and called Kathy.
She found my parts and had them shipped to me in no time!
I particularly appreciated her kindness and ability to find my parts and answer all of my questions!!
A similar breakdown happened on a printer today.
With one call, she was able to easily take care of me again!!!
Thanks for all of your help :o)
Refreshment Services Pepsi
Randy Havener
Refreshment Services Pepsi
Thanks so much for the unexpected, expedited shipping of the Maintenance Kit . It is rare to receive this type of consideration for a customer's need for a replacement part.
My support team has installed the part and my customer is up and running days before the original, expected receipt date.
I will definitely keep you in mind for future printer supplies.
Wayne R.
Great service and price.
Next day delivery.
Bobbie Woody
Rockdale County Public Schools
We have been in business for 24 years and have purchased numerous printer parts and supplies, too many to count. PrinterSupplies.com is by far one of the best companies with excellent products and customer support. Top notch employees with first class knowledge.
Trena Pauly
Polestar Computers
I contacted Printer Supplies looking for a part for an inkjet printer.
The customer service rep that answered identified my product and needs almost immediately.
Sadly, I discovered that Printer Supplies deals primarily with Laser printers, but with that said, Kathy, the service rep continued helping me get a part number and a place to order it from.
It was purely professional and kind of her to take the time to help.
She is definitely an asset to Printer Supplies and I will definitely start there
for all my future needs. I was starting to think good customer service was a thing of the past.
Thank you for a great start in 2019.
Tami Morton
814 Missouri Avenue
I've been buried for two weeks and haven't had the free time to just write and say, "Thank you." The print head for my plotter solved everything. It's great to have my printer running again. Please tell anyone who asks there is no better source of ink, toner, small parts and other printer supplies than you and your company! You've been a valuable resource for years, and I expect that to continue for a long time to come.
-Warren Lynch
President: Sibling Industries, Inc.
www.siblinginc.com
Sibling Industries, Inc.
Sibling Industries, Inc.
We have purchased toners, parts for our printers from PrinterSupplies for many years. They have quality toners and hard to find parts for all of our printers.
When you call or email you will receive a reply in minutes.
Pricing, customer service, shipping and customer is number one.
If you have not ever ordered from them, you are losing money.
Keep up the good work!!!
Sandra Southwick
Mr. Dell Foods
I really appreciate the way you took care of this order (despite it's size). Also, please pass my thanks to your associate that really went out of her way to help me the night before. The order was placed at almost 6pm eastern and she still managed to send it out that same day.
Please be sure, that you'll be the first place we go to with our future printer needs.
Ilya, NY
Ilya
Reviews
Submit a Testimonial
WHY CHOOSE PRINTERSUPPLIES.COM?
100% Safe & Secure
Know you're safe ordering online or by phone!
Celebrating 28 Years in Business
We've been around a long time (1992) - you can be assured we'll be around tomorrow!
Customer Satisfaction
PrinterSupplies.com specializes in Hewlett Packard. We offer FREE email technical support to help guide you through fixing your own LaserJet printer to save you money. We carry over 5000 HP printer parts both HP Original & Refurbished parts.
With thousands of happy customer's from individuals to large companies, you will find our customer service outstanding. Our website is one of the first websites (1997) selling printer parts on the web!
2005-2020 © PrinterSupplies.com All Rights Reserved.