https://www.kdnuggets.com/news/privacy-policy.html
KDnuggets
Subscribe to KDnuggets News
Blog/News
Opinions
Tutorials
Top stories
Companies
Courses
Datasets
Education
Events (online)
Jobs
Software
Webinars
Topics: Coronavirus | AI | Data Science | Deep Learning | Machine Learning | Python | R | Statistics
KDnuggets Home » News » Privacy Policy
KDnuggets Privacy Policy
We respect your privacy. We do not sell your information, your name, or your email address.
We only send our subscribers emails relevant to AI, Analytics, Big Data, Data Science, Data Mining, or Machine Learning, which includes KDnuggets News, features, opinions, tutorials, software, courses, meetings, webcasts, publications, jobs, our top stories, and relevant offers from our partners.
To report any problems, please send email to
Data we collect on KDnuggets Website
KDnuggets website does not collect any personal information.
We use Google Analytics which provides us with aggregate view of our visitors.
We also periodically analyze web logs for the purpose of improving our service and security and analyze aggregate log data on IPs, browsers, and devices which our readers use to access KDnuggets.
Email List Information Collection
For each visitor that signs up for our email list, we collect only the email address and your name (if provided) - as requested on KDnuggets signup form. Our web servers may collect IP address of visitors to our web pages.
We also may collect clickstream information. In our email messages, we may have information from third party providers for relevant products and services which may be advertised or promoted within messages we send to you from this email list - the privacy policies of those third-party provider sites govern the method by which they collect and use such information.
Use of Web Site Information Collected
The information we collect may be used to create an aggregate demographic profile of our user base so that we can improve content and services and provide aggregate information to potential advertisers (no individual information is provided to any third-party without your consent), to customize the content and/or layout of our email messages or pages for each individual visitor, to notify you about updates to our web site and services, to send you our opt-in e-mail newsletter(s), to provide you with the products and/or services for which you signed-up or registered, which may include sending service disruption notices or other service- or product-related information via email, and is not shared with other organizations for commercial purposes without your consent. We may share collected information with another company in the event that we merge with or are acquired by another company. Upon request, we will provide you with the information (e.g., email address, name, etc.) that we maintain about you.
Unsubscribe
To unsubscribe, just click the "unsubscribe" link at the bottom of each KDnuggets newsletter.
Cookies
We, and some of our partners who provide some of the services and products on our site, may use cookies to record session information, such as information on what pages users access or visit, record past activity at a site in order to provide better service when you return to our site, and customize web page or email message content based on your browser type or other information.
Ad Servers and Other Partners
To try and bring you offers and information that may be of interest to you, we may have relationships with other companies that we allow to place ads or provide other services or products in our e-mail newsletter(s). As a result of your visit to our site, these companies may collect non-personally-identifiable information such as your domain type, your IP address and clickstream information. For further information, consult the privacy policies of these companies.
Security
We and providers of the email list management service used for this list,
strive to maintain appropriate security measures in our respective physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you for being part of our email list. Although we take reasonable measures to secure our data, we cannot guarantee that the measures taken are or will remain adequate. Since we may include links from messages sent to the email list to other companies' web sites, please refer to the privacy policies of those sites for information on how they handle security for information they collect.
CCPA Compliance: KDnuggets does not buy or sell personal information.
KDnuggets does not meet ANY of three requirements for CCPA in terms of either 25M Gross Annual Revenue, obtaining PI from 50,000+ California residents, households or devices per year, or earning 50% or more of annual revenue from selling California residents PI.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in this Privacy Policy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future, we will post the policy changes to this Privacy Policy page to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of our list. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at this Privacy Policy page periodically.
Latest News
Building AI Models for High-Frequency Streaming Data &#... Implementing the AdaBoost Algorithm From Scratch Data Compression via Dimensionality Reduction: 3 Main M... A Journey from Software to Machine Learning Engineer Top tweets, Dec 2-8: How to do visualization using #P... Artificial Intelligence in Modern Learning System : E-L...
Top StoriesLast Week
Most Popular
Why the Future of ETL Is Not ELT, But EL(T)
Introduction to Data Engineering
Object-Oriented Programming Explained Simply for Data Scientists
AI, Analytics, Machine Learning, Data Science, Deep Learning Research Main Developments in 2020 and Key Trends for 2021
NoSQL for Beginners
Learn Deep Learning with this Free Course from Yann LeCun
Pruning Machine Learning Models in TensorFlow
Most Shared
Why the Future of ETL Is Not ELT, But EL(T)
AI, Analytics, Machine Learning, Data Science, Deep Learning Research Main Developments in 2020 and Key Trends for 2021
Introduction to Data Engineering
Data Science History and Overview
Object-Oriented Programming Explained Simply for Data Scientists
NoSQL for Beginners
A Friendly Introduction to Graph Neural Networks
More Recent Stories
Artificial Intelligence in Modern Learning System : E-Learning Main 2020 Developments and Key 2021 Trends in AI, Data Science... AI registers: finally, a tool to increase transparency in AI/ML Deep Learning Design Patterns! R or Python? Why Not Both? KDnuggets 20:n46, Dec 9: Why the Future of ETL Is Not ELT, ... Machine Learning: Cutting Edge Tech with Deep Roots in Other F... Top November Stories: Top Python Libraries for Data Science, D... 20 Core Data Science Concepts for Beginners 5 Free Books to Learn Statistics for Data Science Merging Pandas DataFrames in Python Top Stories, Nov 30 – Dec 6: Why the Future of ETL Is No... Dark Data: Why What You Don’t Know Matters Essential Math for Data Science: Probability Density and Proba... The Ultimate Guide to Data Engineer Interviews Change the Background of Any Video with 5 Lines of Code Why the Future of ETL Is Not ELT, But EL(T) Pruning Machine Learning Models in TensorFlow Accelerate Your Career in Data Science AI, Analytics, Machine Learning, Data Science, Deep Learning Research Main Developments in 2020 and Key Trends for 2021
KDnuggets Home » News » Privacy Policy
© 2020 KDnuggets. | About KDnuggets  | Contact  | Privacy policy  | Terms of Service
Subscribe to KDnuggets News
X
Get KDnuggets, a leading newsletter on AI,
Data Science, and Machine Learning
Email:
Sign Up
By subscribing you accept KDnuggets Privacy Policy
Leave this field empty if you're human: