https://www.atisdigital.com/legal/
Legal
Home
Legal
Legal Disclaimer
Website Content
All statements made within the content of atisdigital.com are that of ATIS, Ltd. and have been checked with caution for clarity and correctness. ATIS, Ltd. does not guarantee the relevance, totality or quality of the information within the contents of atisdigital.com. ATIS, Ltd. reserves the right to alter, delete or otherwise take back any statements found within atisdigital.com without prior notice to readers.
Software/Products
All Software/products are the direct creation of ATIS, Ltd. and its engineers. All Software/products mentioned on atisdigital.com are a registered Trademark of ATIS, Ltd. and are subject to copyright laws.
You may not modify, copy, distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, publish, license, create derivative works from, transfer, or sell any information, software, products or services obtained from the contents of atisdigital.com.
Trademarks
All product names, and the ATIS, Ltd. logo, are registered trademarks of ATIS, Ltd. These trademarks represent over 50 years of experience in the development of the products represented on atisdigital.com. The following is a list of Software/Products that are registered Trademarks of ATIS, Ltd.:
JB-III®
PL2010-DT®
PL3200®
PL3200MT®
PL4600®
PL2000-DT®
Atis Advanced Workstation®
Atis Administrator®
Atis Player®
Last Call Repeat®
PhoenixPro®
PhoenixPro Player®
PhoenixPro Desktop Client®
For permission to use trademarks of ATIS, Ltd. in publications, or advertisement, please contact ATIS, Ltd.
Statement of Privacy
At ATIS, Ltd., we are committed to protecting your privacy. You can travel through most of our site without giving us any information about yourself. But sometimes we do need information to provide services that you request, and this statement of privacy explains data collection and use in those situations. Please read the complete atisdigital.com privacy statement.
Collecting your Personal Information
We use your personal information for four primary purposes:
To make the site easier for you to use by entering your personal information only one time.
To help you quickly find software, services or information on atisdigital.com.
To provide you with a service you requested.
To help us create and deliver content most relevant to you.
ATIS, Ltd. will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on ATIS, Ltd. or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of ATIS, Ltd., (c) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of ATIS, Ltd., its Web sites, or the public.
Control of your Personal Information
When you give us personal information, atisdigital.com will not share that information with athird parties. It will only be used for the purposes stated above.
Security of your Personal Information
atisdigital.com strictly protects the security of your personal information and honors your choices for its intended use. We carefully protect your data from loss, misuse, unauthorized access or disclosure, alteration, or destruction.
Send us a message through our website:
First Name*
Last Name*
Email*
Subject*
Message*