https://www.scene-double.co.uk/company/privacy-policy
Company
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Scene Double is committed to maintaining the trust and confidence of our clients and visitors to our web site(s). We will never sell or trade email lists, personal or contact data for marketing purposes. In this Privacy Policy we describe when and why we collect personal and other information, how we use it, and the limited conditions under which we may disclose it to others. We also detail how we keep data secure.
As a supplier of specialised IT hardware to other businesses the data we collect and use is limited to that required to run our business: current and potential commercial contact details; communication history; quotation history; website analytics; accounting and personnel records.
Type of data we collect and use
Website Cookies
At present our website does not use or collect Cookies, or other forms of tracking agent.
An optional enquiry form is available on the website. Minimal contact details are requested which are then securely forwarded to us by email. These details are then used to action the request.
Google Analytics
When someone visits a Scene Double web site we may use a third party service, Google Analytics, to collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behaviour patterns. We do this to find out things such as the number of visitors to the various parts of the site. This information is only processed in a way which does not identify anyone. We do not make, and do not allow Google to make, any attempt to find out the identities of those visiting our website.
Email Contact and Mailing Lists
We may occasionally send an email or email newsletter to existing or potential clients whose business or personal contact details have been directly provided to us. As part of the GDPR process, we will request confirmation from all existing and future contacts that we may retain and use their details for future communication. We will use this information to maintain contact in regards of current and future business opportunities, forthcoming events, and relevant product information. Email communication will cease on request.
We may use a third-party provider, such as MailChimp, to deliver our newsletter or other general notifications. We may gather limited statistics around email opening and clicks using industry standard technologies to help us monitor and improve engagement.
General mailings may be unsubscribed to at any time by clicking the appropriate link at the bottom of any of these emails or by contacting us directly.
We don't rent or trade email lists with other organisations and businesses.
Third Parties
We may occasionally share limited information with our suppliers to keep them informed of our sales pipeline in regard of their products. This is done to improve their products and marketing. We will always seek consent prior to sharing personal contact details with our suppliers.
Commercial Data
We securely record and store necessary commercial data as part of our sales and bookkeeping processes. Such information includes company details, contact details, contact history, quotations, purchase orders, invoices, bank details and other financial records. This sensitive information will never be shared.
We do not permanently store Credit or Debit Card details.
Data Security
Scene Double is committed to keeping ALL data safe and secure.
Our security measures include:
•    Encryption and backup of data
•    Data collection limited to the minimum required to run our business
•    No on-line transactions
•    Security controls to protect our IT infrastructure from external access and attack
•    Data security training for employees
•    Password protection to restrict access to internal data
Access to your information
Please contact us directly to view, amend or delete any personal or company information relevant to yourself.
Changes to this Privacy Notice
This Privacy Policy will be reviewed when required by a change in our business processes or legislation.
This policy was updated on 23rd May 2018.
Want to really understand our KVM Solutions?
Explore IHSE Draco
Talk to us about your project on:
020 8099 3089
or email:
sales@scene-double.co.uk