http://www.asacorp.com/privacy.jsp
(412) 220-9300
Toggle navigation
(412) 220-9300
Login
Login
(412) 220-9300
Products
Analyze
Predict / Model (ModelMAX®)
Profile / Cluster (ModelMAX®)
Segment / Cherry-pick (SuperRFMTM)
Data Management Foundation (VoltageTM)
Decide
Rules / Decision Management (DecisionBuilderTM)
Act
Score anytime, anywhere (Agility EngineTM)
Opportunity Management (COATM)
Email Marketing / Marketing Automation
Incentive Management (Quantum®)
Essentials
C-Suite Summary
by Goals
by Role/Department
Expertise
Coaching & Advice
Training
Consulting
Agilytics
About
ASA Corp.
Our Clients
Contact Info
Privacy Policy
The following pertains to the website www.asacorp.com, which is owned and controlled by Advanced Software Applications Corp. (ASA). It describes how ASA collects and uses data from certain visitors to this site.
When We Collect Information
You can visit this site without identifying yourself or revealing any personal information.
Only certain areas or actions require voluntary registration or special credentials provided by ASA. Either way, it will be obvious when such information is needed and it is your choice whether or not to proceed.
For example, if you want to download a white paper or initiate a trial evaluation of an ASA product you may be asked to submit personal information, including your location and email address so we can properly identify you and determine the relevancy of your request.
Likewise, ASA clients who want to download a product, review product license details, or request technical assistance must use the credentials provided by ASA to log-in to Client Support.
What We Collect, How We Collect it, and Why
Personal information such as your name, location, email and phone number, is used to respond to your request. ASA does not sell, rent or lease personal information...ever.
If your request involves an ASA business partner or a third-party, we make that clear and give you the choice not to proceed. ASA tries to ensure third-parties exercise the same care and respect as us when it comes to privacy of your data. We encourage you to do your own due diligence and share any concerns you may have.
When you register or enter ASA credentials, cookies are used to recognize you and store non-personal information such as dates and times of visits, pages visited, your IP address (if provided by the browser), and the referring site, if any. This helps us to understand and improve your interaction with the site. If you choose to block or delete cookies from your hard drive, certain areas or information may not be accessible.
ASA may periodically email, call, or use postal mail to send you information about our products, services and events. You can opt-out of email. You can tell us not to call. And you can write and have your name and address removed from our mailing lists.
Our contact information appears at the bottom of this page.
Keeping Your Information Safe
ASA strives to keep your personal information safe. We ask the same of you. Log-in credentials should be kept in a safe place, changed now and then, and not shared or repeated elsewhere. We also ask your help to maintain accurate information. If your email address or phone number changes, or if you move to a new work location, we want to hear from you. This is especially important for ASA clients.
If you have trouble logging in to Client Support you can contact us for assistance.
We will take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access.
Our site may provide links to third-party sites for your convenience and information. If you access those links and leave our site, know that we do not have control over them or their privacy practices.
Changes to this Policy
Updates and changes may be made to this Privacy Policy. When this happens we will update the revision date that appears at the bottom. If the change is significant, we will notify registered users and clients as necessary and appropriate.
You are always welcome to review this page for new information.
Questions or comments about this Privacy Policy can be directed to ASA via any channel:
Email asa@asacorp.comCall 412.220.9300 Mail ASA Corp. PO Box 525, Morgan, PA 15064 USA
Revision Date: January 20, 2015
Privacy
Legal