https://www.storix.com/about/privacy/
Skip to content
About Us
SysAdmins creating software for SysAdmins.
Storix Blog
Contact Us
Security and Privacy
Community
Security and Privacy Policy
Use of Cookies
Our Commitment to Your Privacy
The Information We Collect
The Way We Use Information
Our Commitment to Data Security
How to Unsubscribe from Online Communications
How to Contact Us
Use of Cookies
This site uses cookies – small text files that are placed on your machine to help the site provide a better user experience. In general, cookies are used to retain user preferences, store information for things like shopping carts, and provide anonymised tracking data to third party applications like Google Analytics. As a rule, cookies will make your browsing experience better. However, you may prefer to disable cookies on this site and on others. The most effective way to do this is to disable cookies in your browser. We suggest consulting the Help section of your browser or taking a look at the About Cookies website which offers guidance for all modern browsers.
Our Commitment to Your Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used, as well as the security measures we take to protect your information.
The Information We Collect
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the www.storix.com website. The types of personal information collected at these pages are:
Name
Company
E-mail address
Products you wish to order
Billing information, should an order be placed
The Way We Use Information
We value our customers and their privacy. All personal information is used strictly to ensure efficient processing of your order. This information is used internally by our staff for contacting customers and to identifying their needs. We DO NOT sell, rent, or trade the information we collect to any third party, unless we are legally required to do so. We use the information you provide to us in the following ways:
To complete your order process.
To provide notifications of software updates or important notices about new product availability.
To respond to your inquiries, help-desk requests, or to provide quotes for additional products or services.
We may on occasion choose to contact you to ensure product quality and overall customer satisfaction.
If you purchased our software through a reseller, please refer to the privacy policy for that company about how your information is used.
Our Commitment to Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
This website takes every precaution to protect our users’ information. When users submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and off-line.
When our registration/order form asks users to enter sensitive information (such as a credit card number), that information is encrypted and protected. Credit card information is no longer retained once an order is processed.
For added security, Storix utilizes both onsite data storage as well as that of a secure off-site co-location.
How to Unsubscribe from Online Communications
In the event you do not wish to be contacted for reasons outlined in this document, uncheck the option “Check here if you wish to be automatically informed of future updates to the software on this web site” in your account profile settings. If you are not a registered user, please send an email to sba@storix.com and your contact information will be removed within 2 business days.
How to Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about this privacy policy or the security measures we take, please contact via email at sba@storix.com, or call us at (877)-STORIX-1. You can also mail us at:
9150 Chesapeake Dr, STE 290
San Diego, CA 92123
We use cookies to personalize content and to analyze our traffic. If you continue to use our website, you consent to our use of cookies. Find out more.Okay, thanks