http://www.clearwave.net/privacy_policy.htm
Specials
MICR Layout Gauge
Two for $90.00* - Save $40.00
MICR Verifier
$3,995* -
Reconditioned
*US dollars
New Products
Check 21 Location Gauge
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Last updated on January 1, 2016.
At Clearwave Electronics, we know the importance of protecting
the privacy of the individual. We have developed a Privacy Protection
Policy of which the objective is to specify the guidelines for governing
the collection and use of personal information by Clearwave Electronics.
At Clearwave Electronics the protection of your personal information
has always been a top priority. Clearwave's Policy regarding the
collection, use and disclosure, if any, of personal information
can be broken down into the 10 principles. See Personal Information
for a list of the types of personal information which we collect
from you subject to this Policy when you do business with us.
1. Accountability
Clearwave Electronics is responsible for personal information under
its control. We have designated a Privacy Officer who is accountable
for our compliance with this Policy and all applicable privacy laws.
All Clearwave employees are responsible for day-to-day compliance.
When we use trusted third parties to act on our behalf by performing
such functions as fulfilling orders, delivering packages, processing
credit card payments or providing customer service, contractual
or other appropriate means are used to ensure compliance by such
third parties with this Policy and all applicable privacy laws.
2. Identifying Purposes
Unless the purpose is self-evident due to the nature of the transaction
in question, Clearwave will identify the purposes for which personal
information is collected at or before the time the information is
collected. The proposed purposes will be described in a reasonably
understandable manner.
An example of a self-evident purpose is requesting the name and
address of the person placing an order in order to ensure proper
delivery.
3. Consent
We will collect, use or disclose your personal information only
with your knowledge and consent, except where required or permitted
by law. Clearwave will not make your consent a requirement to the
supply of a product or a service other than required to be able
to supply the product or service.
Consent can be express or, in some circumstances, implied, and given
in writing, by using or not using a check-off box, electronically,
orally (in person or by telephone), or by your conduct, such as
use of a product or service. In determining the type of consent
to obtain, Clearwave will consider all relevant factors, including
the sensitivity of the information and your reasonable expectations.
You may withdraw your consent at any time, on reasonable notice,
subject to legal or contractual restrictions. Clearwave will inform
you of the implications of doing so.
4. Limiting Collection
The collection of personal information by Clearwave will be limited
to what is necessary for the purposes which it identifies. We will
collect personal information by fair and lawful means.
5. Limiting Use, Disclosure, and Retention
Personal information will not be used or disclosed for purposes
other than those for which it was collected, except with your consent
or as required or permitted by law. It will be retained only as
long as necessary for these purposes or as required by law.
6. Accuracy
We will keep your personal information as accurate, complete and
up-to-date as necessary for the purposes for which it is to be used.
7. Safeguards
Clearwave Electronics will protect personal information by security
safeguards appropriate to the sensitivity of the information, including
through the use of the following measures: physical (e.g., locked
filing cabinets, restricted access, appropriate disposal of personal
information), organizational (e.g., security clearances, access
only on a "need to know" basis), technological (e.g.,
passwords, encryption) and training of employees.
8. Openness
Information about our policies and practices relating to the management
of personal information will be made readily available to individuals.
9. Individual Access
Upon request, Clearwave will inform you of the existence, use and
disclosure of personal information relating to you, and give you
access to that information. You have the right to challenge the
accuracy and completeness of your information and have it amended
as appropriate. However, in certain circumstances permitted by law,
this information will not be disclosed to you. Some examples of
these circumstances are information that contains references to
other individuals, that cannot be disclosed for legal, security
or commercial proprietary reasons, or that is subject to solicitor-client
or litigation privilege.
10. Contacting us and/or Challenging Compliance
For anything to do with this Policy, including questions or comments,
or to challenge our compliance with this Policy, please contact
us as follows:
Privacy Officer
Clearwave Electronics
Tel: (416) 879 6140
Clearwave will inform individuals who make enquiries or lodge complaints
about its enquiry or complaint procedures, as applicable. If a complaint
is found to be justified, we will take appropriate measures, including,
if necessary, amending our policies and practices. Of course, this
Policy is subject to PIPEDA and/or any other applicable privacy
laws and Clearwave's right to change it at any time.
Personal Information which We Collect from You and How We Use
It
Last updated on Jauary 1, 2016.
Clearwave asks for your name, address, email address, and other
personal information when you create an account online. You will
also be asked for personal information when you make an online purchase,
or enter into contests or promotions. This information is used to
process your orders and to allow us to communicate with you. The
information also enables Clearwave to customize products or services
to better meet your preferences and to offer you products and services
from Clearwave and other sources that may be of interest to you.
To process and/or fulfill your order, trusted third parties may
be used to perfom the required function, and in such cases, appropriate
personal information will be given to them to allow for the service
to be provided. Contractual or other appropriate means would always
be used to ensure third party compliance with our privacy policy
and all applicable privacy laws.
Clearwave is not in the business of selling customer information
to others. Users' specific personal information is not currently
sold or rented but we may decide to do so in the future. If this
were to happen, Clearwave would announce such a plan and ask you
to "opt in". If you wanted to share your personal information,
you would have to respond. In the absence of such a response, your
information would not be shared with anyone other than Clearwave.
Statistical Reports - Clearwave may also use personal account information
and data collected through your personal identification to generate
statistics and aggregate reports for internal use and for sharing
with affiliates, subsidiaries, licensees, successors and advertisers.
These statistics and aggregate reports will not contain any information
that could identify you personally.
TEAM CLEARWAVE!
45+ Years as MICR Industry Leader.
MICR Technology Implementation & Reject Reduction Experts.
MICR Toner Cartridges Manufactured to ANSI & CPA Signal Level Standards.
Active Member of ANSI's ASC X9's Payments Subcommittee, X9AB.
FAQ |
Reference |
Privacy
Policy
Copyright
© 2004 - 2016 clearwave.net. All rights reserved.