http://www.skycomputers.com/legal_statement.php
Enter Keyword
Legal
Legal Statement
Privacy Policy
Home >> About SKY >> Legal :: Legal Statement
Legal Statement
SKY assumes no responsibility regarding the accuracy
of the information that is provided on this web site and use of such information is at the
recipient's own risk. Information on this website may contain technical inaccuracies or
typographical errors.
Information may be changed or updated without notice.
SKY may also
make improvements and/or changes in the products and/or the programs described in this website
at any time without notice. SKY provides no assurances that any reported problems may be
resolved with the use of any information that SKY provides.
By furnishing information,
SKY does not grant any licenses to any copyrights, patents or any other intellectual property
rights.
SKY does not want to receive confidential or proprietary information from you through
our website. Please note that any information or material sent to SKY will be deemed NOT to be
confidential.
By sending SKY any information or material, you grant SKY an unrestricted,
irrevocable license to use, reproduce, display, perform, modify, transmit and distribute
those materials or information, and you also agree that SKY is free to use any ideas,
concepts, know-how or techniques that you send us for any purpose.
However, we will not
release your name or otherwise publicize the fact that you submitted materials or other
information to us unless: (a) we obtain your permission to use your name; or (b) we first
notify you that the materials or other information you submit to a particular part of this
site will be published or otherwise used with your name on it; or (c) we are required to do
so by law. For more detail on SKY's privacy policy, see the privacy policy on this website.
Our website may contain links to other Internet websites or resources.
When you access a
non-SKY website, please understand that it is independent from SKY, and that SKY has no control
over the content on that website.
In addition, a link to a non-SKY website does not mean that
SKY endorses or accepts any responsibility for the content, or the use, of such website.
It is
up to you to take precautions to ensure that whatever you select for your use is free of such
items as viruses, worms, trojan horses and other items of a destructive nature.
You acknowledge
and agree that SKY is not responsible or liable for (i) the availability or accuracy of such
sites or resources, or (ii) the content, advertising, or products on or available from such sites
or resources. The inclusion of any link on our website does not imply that we endorse the linked
site.
You use the links at your own risk.
Trademarks and Copyrights
The trademarks, logos, and service marks displayed on the SKY Computers website are proprietary
to SKY Computers, Inc. ("SKY") and others.
SKY and any other such trademark owners retain all
rights in and to the Marks.
You may not use, reproduce, or display any Marks without the owner's
prior written consent.
Unless expressly stated otherwise on the SKY website, all content,
images, and materials appearing on the website (collectively, the "Content") are the sole property
of SKY and are protected by U.S. and international copyright laws and treaties.
You may not
use, reproduce, display, or sell any Content without SKY's prior written consent.
This web site may contain the Company's or management's intentions, hopes, beliefs, expectations
or predictions. These are considered "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private
Securities Litigation Act of 1995.
Forward-looking statements (statements which are not historical
facts) in this presentation are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities
Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Investors are cautioned that all forward-looking statements, including
statements about product development, market and industry trends, strategic initiatives, regulatory
approvals, sales, profits, expenses, price trends, research and development expenses and trends, and
capital expenditures involve risk and uncertainties and actual events and results may differ
significantly from those in any forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially
from those indicated by such statements as a result of various factors, including those discussed in
the Company's periodic reports filed with the SEC.
HOME | ABOUT SKY | PRODUCTS & SOLUTIONS | NEWS & EVENTS | CONTACT US
Copyright © 2006 SKY Computers, Inc. | Legal Statement | Privacy Policy
27 Industrial Avenue, Chelmsford, MA 01824
Phone: 978-250-2420 Fax: 978-250-3220
ISO 9001:2000 Certified