http://www.passioncomputing.com/privacy/
Privacy Statement
Passion Computing recognises that privacy is a major concern. We believe strongly in your right to privacy and do not disclose email addresses to other parties or use your personal information in any way that we ourselves would not want our personal information to be used.
Passion Computing logs the following information for statistical purposes; the user's server address, the user's top level domain name (eg. .com, .gov, .au, .uk etc.), the date and time of the visit to the site, the pages accessed and documents down loaded, the previous site visited and the type of browser used. No attempt will be made to identify users or their browsing activities except, in the unlikely event of an investigation, where a law enforcement agency may exercise a warrant to inspect the server logs.
Cookies
A cookie is a small text file placed onto your computer when you visit a Web site. A cookie can be 'persistent' (meaning that it is written to a permanent file on your hard disk) or 'session-only' (in which case the cookie is deleted at the end of your browsing session).
Cookies may be used on parts of the Passion Computing web site.
Email
We will only record your email address if you send us a message. It will only be used for the purpose for which you have provided it and will not be added to a mailing list. We will not use your email address for any other purpose, and will not disclose it, without your consent.
Links to other sites
This site contains links to other sites. Passion Computing is not responsible for the privacy practice or the content of such web sites.
Passion Computing makes all reasonable attempts to ensure the accuracy of information presented on this website.
Domain name registrations are processed in real time. If in doubt about pricing, please email us with any questions prior to registering a domain name.
Prospective website design customers can obtain a website service questionnaire, and Passion Computing will issue a quotation based on the questionnaire, discussions, email correspondence and written documentation. However, Passion Computing may refuse new business, at its sole discretion and therefore any published prices do not constitute an offer under contract law. An offer is made to each client individually in the form of a quotation or proposal.
Links to External Sites
Passion Computing links to external sites and may recommend certain retailers, businesses or organisations. This information is provided in 'good faith' and is accurate, as of the time of publishing. Visitors to this website should verify the information provided by alternative means.
The entirety of this site is protected by copyright © 2020 Passioncomputing.com.au
Copyright
Privacy Policy