https://www.revion.com/privacypolicy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy applies to the information that Revion Solutions Incorporated (Revion Solutions), collectively collected through https://www.revion.com by Revion.com and that post a link to this Privacy Policy (collectively, the “Site”).This Privacy Policy only covers information collected at the Site and does not cover any information collected offline by Revion.com (unless specifically stated otherwise) and does not apply to the services we provide to clients. Please review this Privacy Policy carefully.
Revion Solutions, Inc provide the control, flexibility, and reliability needed to create a successful online presence. With Revion.com 30 day money back guarantee, 99.9% up-time guarantee and 24 hour live technical support, it’s no wonder why Revion.com is the right choice.   This privacy statement discloses the privacy practices for Revion Solutions, Incorporated. (“Revion Solutions “). Because Revion Solutions wants to demonstrate its firm commitment to your privacy, Revion Solutions has agreed to disclose its information gathering and dissemination practices. Revion Solutions will notify you of:
What information is collected from you through the web siteThe organization collecting the informationHow the information is usedWith whom the information may be sharedWhat choices are available to you regarding collection, use and distribution of the informationThe kind of security procedures that are in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of information under Revion Solutions controlHow you can correct any inaccuracies in the informationIf you feel that Revion Solutions is not abiding by its posted privacy policy, you wish to modify information previously given, or have any questions regarding the privacy policy, registered website users are permitted to change their personal information by logging in to the “Customer Portal/Login” section of our website or please contact us via e-mail form or via postal mail at:Revion Solutions, Inc184 South Livingston AVE, STE 9 #306Livingston, NJ 07039
Information Collection and UseCustomer privacy is something we take very seriously at Revion Solutions Inc. Revion Solutions Inc is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We will not sell, share or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement.Revion Solutions collects information from our users at several different points on our web site.We use customer contact information to send the user information about our company.The customer’s contact information is also used to contact the visitor when necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below. Financial information that is collected is used for verifying your name, address and other information, as well as to bill you for your use of our services. Demographic and profile data is also collected at our site. We may use information collected to promote our affiliate programs, products, web sites and services.Information about your computer hardware and software is automatically collected by Revion Solutions and may be shared with third parties whose services are used for traffic analysis purposes only. This information includes: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring Web site addresses. This information is used by Revion Solutions to maintain and improve the quality of the service and to generate statistics regarding use of the Revion Solutions site.
Choice / Opt-outThis site gives users the following options for removing their information from our database to not receive future communications or to no longer receive our service.Registered website users are permitted to change their personal information by logging in to the “Customer Portal/Login ” section of our website.You can send e-mail here.You can send mail to the following postal address:Revion Solutions, Inc184 South Livingston AVE, STE 9 #306Livingston, NJ 07039
Minors/Children’s Online Privacy ProtectionOur Website is not intended for children under 13 years of age. No one under age 13 may provide any information to or on the Website. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If you are under 13, do not use or provide any information on this Website or on or through any of its features/register on the Website, make any purchases through the Website, use any of the interactive or public comment features of this Website or provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number or e-mail address. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information.
Your California Privacy RightsCalifornia Civil Code Section § 1798.83 permits users of our Website that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third-parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an e-mailvia e-mail form or via postal mail at:Revion Solutions, Inc184 South Livingston AVE, STE 9 #306Livingston, NJ 07039
CookiesCookies are text files containing small amounts of information which are downloaded to your computer or mobile device when you visit a site. Cookies are then sent back to the originating site on each subsequent visit, or to another site that recognizes that cookie. Cookies are useful because they allow a site to recognize a user’s device. You can find more information about cookies at: www.allaboutcookies.org and www.youronlinechoices.eu. For a video about cookies visit www.google.co.uk/goodtoknow/data-on-the-web/cookies.Cookies do a lots of different jobs, like letting you navigate between pages efficiently, remembering your preferences, and generally improve the user experience. They can also help to ensure that the advertisements you see online are more relevant to you and your interests.We will likely place a cookie on your hard drive during the web visit. A cookie is a unique alphanumeric identifier that we use to help us identify the number of unique visitors to our Website, whether or not those visitors are repeat visitors, and the source of the visits. Cookies cannot be executed as code or used to deliver a virus. Other servers cannot read them and personal information cannot be gathered from them. They are simply an identifier shared between you and us to allow us to improve the services we offer to you through our Website. If you do not wish cookies to be placed on your computer, then they can be disabled in your web browser. The option to do so is normally found in your browser’s “security settings” section. However, please note, permanently disabling cookies in your browser may hinder your use of our Website as well as other websites and interactive services.Our Website uses Google Analytics – a web analytics solution by Google. Google Analytics adds cookies to your computer when you visit the Website and collects information about the website traffic to create statistics for the site owner. Our Website may also embeds videos from YouTube (owned by Google) & Vimeo a video sharing websites. YouTube & Vimeo videos may place cookies or Flash Local Shared Objects to your computer when you visit the Website. See Google’s and Vimeos’ privacy policy for details.Our Website also embeds badges from the social networking site Facebook, Twitter, Linkedin and Google Plus . The badges may add cookies to your computer when you visit our website. Please visit respective social networking sites for privacy policy details.
Social PluginsWe use so-called “social plug-ins” of various social networks. These plug-ins are functions of the respective social network through which you can share content of the Website with your social media contacts, for instance, or recommend this content to others. Social plug-ins can be identified by the logo of the respective social network. We are using social plug-ins of the following social network providers:Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/policy.phpTwitter: https://www.twitter.com/privacyLinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/legal/pop/pop-privacy-policyYou can deactivate any or all social plug-ins at any time. You may also be able to technically prevent any data transfer to social networks. To do so, please adjust the security settings in the web browser you are using. For instructions on how to do this, please refer to the “Help” section in your web browser. In individual cases it is also possible to block social plug-ins by means of add-ons for your browser.
LinksThis web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that Revion Solutions is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by Revion Solutions.
DisclosureWe will share personal information with companies, organizations or individuals outside of Revion.com if we have a good-faith belief that access, use, preservation or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues.protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Revion Solutions, Inc. , our users or the public as required or permitted by law.
Account EstablishmentUpon sign up for our membership, Revion Solutions will send an e-mail to the e-mail address provided during registration. This is to establish that the new account is a valid account and your password will be delivered to you at this time. Accounts with invalid e-mail addresses will not be able to participate in all features of Revion Solutions.
Site and Service UpdatesWe will send service, site and other important announcement updates to our customers, which contain important information about the service. We communicate with the user to provide requested services and in regards to issues relating to the account via e-mail or telephone. If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to receive such announcements, information or offers, please either login to our portal and remove your email address or follow the unsubscribe instructions provided in the communication.
Notification of ChangesIf we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on our Home page and use our best efforts to announce via e-mail so all users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. If at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will make a reasonable effort to notify users by way of an e-mail or via customer portal. Users have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.
Users Residing Outside Of The United States And Consent To TransferThe Site is operated in the United States. If you are located in the European Union, Canada, or elsewhere outside of the United States, please be aware that any information you provide to us may be transferred to and processed in the United States. By using the Site, or providing us with any information, you consent to this transfer, processing and storage of your information in the United States, a jurisdiction in which the privacy laws may not be different than those in the country where you reside or are a citizen.
Privacy ShieldRevion complies with the EU-US Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-US Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the US Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information from European Union and Swiss member countries. Revion has certified that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles of Notice, Choice, Accountability for Onward Transfer, Security, Data Integrity and Purpose Limitation, Access, and Recourse, Enforcement and Liability. If there is any conflict between the policies in this privacy policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification page, please visithttps://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt00000008SxrAAE&status=ActiveIn compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles, Revion Solutions Incorporated commits to resolve complaints about our collection or use of your personal information. EU and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our Privacy Shield policy should first contact Revion Solutions Incorporated atRevion Solutions Incorporatedc/o Mark Lewismlewis@revion.comYou may also mail your complaint toRevion Solutions, Inc c/o Mark Lewis184 South Livingston AVE, STE 9 #306Livingston, NJ 07039Revion Solutions Incorporated has further committed to refer unresolved Privacy Shield complaints to JAMS – https://www.jamsadr.com/eu-us-privacy-shield, an alternative dispute resolution provider located in the United States. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your complaint to your satisfaction, please visit https://www.revion.com/company/contact/ to file a complaint. The services of complaint resolutions are provided at no cost to you.Please note that if your complaint is not resolved through these channels, under limited circumstances, a binding arbitration option may be available before a Privacy Shield Panel.  Revion’s accountability for personal data that it receives under the Privacy Shield and subsequently transfers to a third party is described in the Privacy Shield Principles. In particular, Revion remains responsible and liable under the Privacy Shield Principles if third-party agents that it engages to process the personal data on its behalf do so in a manner inconsistent with the Principles, unless Revion proves that it is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.You have the right to obtain our confirmation of whether we maintain personal information relating to you. Upon request, we will provide you with access to the personal information that we hold about you. You may also may correct, amend, or delete the personal information we hold about you. An individual who seeks access, or who seeks to correct, amend, or delete inaccurate data, should direct their query to mlewis@revion.com. If requested to remove data, we will respond within a reasonable timeframe.  Your right to access your Personal Data may be restricted in exceptional circumstances, including, but not limited to, when the burden or expense of providing this access would be disproportionate to the risks to your privacy in the case in question, or when the rights of persons other than you would be violated by the provision of such access. If we determine that your access should be restricted in a particular instance, we will provide you with an explanation of our determination and respond to any inquiries you may have.Revion also provides EU and Swiss consumers choice (opt-out or opt-in) regarding sharing Personal Information with third parties for those third parties’ direct marketing purposes and information on how to exercise that choice. As stated above in this Privacy Policy, Revion provides you choice prior to sharing your Personal Information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes. If you do not opt-in or if you choose to opt-out at the timeRevion offers that choice, Revion does not share your information with that identified third party for its direct marketing purposes.If you are an EU or Swiss resident and you have questions about our practices with respect to sharing information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes and your ability to exercise choice, please send your request to the following email address: legal@revion.com or write to us at the following mailing address:Revion Solutions, Inc184 South Livingston AVE, STE 9 #306Livingston, NJ 07039Revion is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission (FTC).