https://www.redcort.com/contact/privacy-policy
Skip to content
We Value Your PrivacyAccess to and use of this Site are subject to all applicable international, federal, state and local laws and regulations. User agrees not to use the Site in any way that violates such laws or regulations.PrivacyOur customer information is NEVER shared with any outside entity or agency beyond that which is necessary to complete credit card processing, banking transactions, or comply with a court order.SecurityThe redcort.com web site uses industry standard security measures to protect against the loss, misuse, or alteration of the information under our control. All credit card information and customer data is encrypted and sent via SSL (the most secure method available).Order FormsOur site uses order forms for customers to purchase our products. We collect visitor’s contact information (such as names and email addresses) and financial information (such as account or credit card numbers) for the sole purpose of providing information, products, or services. Contact information from an order form is used to send orders and information about our company. It is also used to get in touch with a customer to solve a problem, such as an undelivered product. Financial information collected is used only to bill customers for products and services ordered. For security purposes, no financial information is retained by our company after an order is processed.Contact FormsOur site uses contact forms for site visitors to request information or support, and to explore career opportunities. We collect visitors’ contact information (such as names and email addresses) for the sole purpose of providing information and support to the individuals/companies initiating the contact.Cookies & DataAs most websites do, we use cookies on our site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor’s hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. Cookies may also enable us to track and target user interests to improve experience on our website in the future. This information includes type of browser, date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and number of clicks to discover trends, administer the site, analyze user’s movement around the site, and gather demographic information.Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information about you. Any personal information is only collected when you voluntarily provide it, such as providing your name and email address to place an order or request information. For more information about how cookies are used for website analytics purposes, see Google Analytics privacy policy.If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual browser options. More detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers can be found at the browsers’ respective websites.Disable Cookies in ChromeDisable Cookies in FirefoxDisable Cookies in SafariDisable Cookies in Internet ExplorerData RemovalTo remove your information from our database and assure you receive no future communications or service, contact us.Email Newsletter Opt OutTo stop receiving email communication about products and services, reply to any email you’ve received from us or contact us.Other SitesThis site contains links to other web sites that are not affiliated with Redcort. Redcort cannot be responsible for the practices or the content of such web sites.Privacy Policy ChangesRedcort reserves the right to change this policy at any time. If you have any questions about this privacy statement or the practices of Redcort, contact us.
FREE TRIALPURCHASE(559) 434-8544SUPPORTDOWNLOAD