http://www.samysdv.com/terms_of_use.php
310.450.4365Monday – Friday, 9am – 6pm Pacific12636 Beatrice Street  Los Angeles CA 90066 (map)
Google+
Home
About Samy’s
News
Videos
Seminars
Easy Quote
Cameras
RED Digital Cinema
Lenses / Adapters
Cooke Optics
Tripods and Support
Matteboxes, Follow Focus, & Accessories
Monitors & Recorders
Lighting
Pro Audio
Media / Film Scanners
Bags & Cases
Grip
Switchers / Mixers
Batteries & Power
Used and Demo Items
New Products
Specials
Digital Cinema Cameras
Broadcast & ENG Cameras
Compact & Handheld Pro Cameras
Pan-Tilt/Remote Cameras
POV & Action Cameras
DSLR, Mirrorless and CSC cameras with video
RED Camera Brains
Red Collections / Kits
RED Displays and Viewfinders
RED Lens Mounts
RED Media
RED Components
RED Power Supplies
RED OLPFS
Accessories for RED Cameras
Arri Cinema Lenses
Angenieux Lenses
Canon Cinema & Broadcast Lenses
Cooke Lenses
Fujinon Cinema & Broadcast Lenses
Leica Cinema Lenses
Schneider Cinema Lenses
Sigma Cinema Lenses
Zeiss Cinema Lenses
Broadcast ENG Lenses
CSC / Mirrorless Lenses
DSLR Lenses
Lens Adapters & Converters
Lens Controllers & Remotes
Other
Anamorphic/i
S4/i
mini S4/i
Camera Stabilizers
Sachtler Tripods
OConnor Tripods
Cartoni Tripods
Miller Tripods
Vinten Tripods
Entry-Level Tripods and Supports
Shoulder Mounts/Other Supports
Sliders
Jibs and Cranes
Aerial Cinematography Tools
Arri Pro Camera Accessories
Bright Tangerine
Tilta
Matteboxes
Follow Focus
Baseplates, Camera Bridges and Support Systems
Ready to Shoot Kits
DSLR and Mirrorless Cinema Accessories
Sony
JVC
Small HD
Panasonic
Marshall
TV Logic
Atomos
Projectors
Viewfinders
Wireless Video Transmitters
On-Camera Recorders
LED Lights and Lighting Kits
Other Lighting Kits/Lights
On-Camera Lights
Lighting Accessories
Wireless Kits
Lectrosonics Transmitters
Lectrosonics Receivers
Shotgun Microphones
Other Microphones
Boom Kits
Audio Recorders
Mixers
Audio Accessories - Boom Poles
Audio Accessories - Microphone Mounts
Audio Accessories - Windscreens
Other Accessories
Film Scanners
SxS Cards
Compact Flash Cards
SDHC Cards
XDCAM Discs
P2 Cards
Memory Stick
Tapestock
Card Readers and Storage
Proprietary Cards and Media
Soft Cases
Hard Cases
Jason Cases
Rainslickers/Underwater Bags
Panasonic
Sony
Datavideo
I/O Boards
Roland
Video Converters and Adapters
Streaming Products
Batteries
Chargers
Battery Kits
Battery Plates
Home > Terms of Use
Terms of Use
The following terms and conditions govern all use of www.samysdv.com (“Samy’s DV”) services, including but not limited to this website. Samy’s DV services are offered subject to your acceptance without modification of all of the terms and conditions contained herein and all other operating rules, policies (including, without limitation, Samy’s DV’s Privacy Policy) and procedures that may be published from time to time on this Site by Samy’s DV (collectively, the “Agreement”). Please read this Agreement carefully before accessing or using any Samy’s DV service. By accessing or using any part of any Samy’s DV service, you agree to become bound by the terms and conditions of this agreement. If you do not agree to all the terms and conditions of this agreement, then you may not access or use any services. If these terms and conditions are considered an offer by Samy’s DV, acceptance is expressly limited to these terms. Samy’s DV services are available only to individuals who are at least 13 years old, and in certain cases to individuals who are at least 18 years old.
1. Accounts
If you create an account for use with a Samy’s DV service, you are responsible for providing accurate information about yourself, including your email address, mobile phone number and billing information if applicable. You are also responsible for maintaining the security of your account, and you are fully responsible for all activities that occur under the account and any other actions taken in connection to it. You must immediately notify Samy’s DV of any unauthorized uses of your account or any other breaches of security. Samy’s DV will not be liable for any acts or omissions by You, including any damages of any kind incurred as a result of such acts or omissions.
2. Services
Your use of Samy’s DV services may include the sending and/or receiving of SMS text messages. You understand that such messages are sent and received at standard text message rates and are subject to your agreement with your mobile carrier. Use of Samy’s DV services may also include the use of data service which may incur charges to you subject to your agreement between you and your service provider. You will not hold Samy’s DV responsible for any costs of any kind incurred as a result of using a Samy’s DV service.
3. Content
During the use of Samy’s DV services you may encounter various content, including but not limited to advertisements. Despite strict standards, Samy’s DV services may contain content that you find offensive, indecent, or otherwise objectionable, as well as content containing technical inaccuracies, typographical mistakes, and other errors. Samy’s DV disclaims any responsibility for any harm resulting from content encountered in using Samy’s DV services.
4. Intellectual Property
This Agreement does not transfer from Samy’s DV to you any Samy’s DV or third party intellectual property, and all right, title and interest in and to such property will remain (as between the parties) solely with Samy’s DV. All trademarks, service marks, graphics and logos used in connection with the Website or other services may be the trademarks of other third parties. Your use of Samy’s DV services grants you no right or license to reproduce or otherwise use any Samy’s DV or third-party trademarks.
5. Changes
Samy’s DV reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to modify or replace any part of this Agreement. It is your responsibility to check this Agreement periodically for changes. Your continued use of Samy’s DV services following the posting of any changes to this Agreement constitutes acceptance of those changes. Samy’s DV may also, in the future, offer new services and/or features. Such new features and/or services shall be subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
6. Termination
Samy’s DV may terminate an account or access to all or any part of any Samy’s DV service at any time, with or without cause, with or without notice, effective immediately. If you wish to terminate this Agreement or an account (if you have one), you may simply discontinue using the service. All provisions of this Agreement which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.
7. Disclaimer of Warranties
Samy’s DV services are provided “as is”. Samy’s DV and its suppliers and licensors hereby disclaim all warranties of any kind, express or implied, including, without limitation, the warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. Neither Samy’s DV nor its suppliers and licensors, makes any warranty that the service will be error free or that access thereto will be continuous or uninterrupted. You understand that your use of any Samy’s DV service is at your own discretion and risk.
8. Limitation of Liability
In no event will Samy’s DV, or its suppliers or licensors, be liable with respect to any subject matter of this agreement under any contract, negligence, strict liability or other legal or equitable theory for: (i) any special, incidental or consequential damages; (ii) for interruption of use or loss or corruption of data.
9. General Representation and Warranty
You represent and warrant that your use of any Samy’s DV service will be in strict accordance with the Samy’s DV Privacy Policy, with this Agreement and with all applicable laws and regulations (including without limitation any local laws or regulations in your country, state, city, or other governmental area, regarding online conduct and acceptable content, and including all applicable laws regarding the transmission of technical data exported from the United States or the country in which you reside).
10. Indemnification
You agree to indemnify and hold harmless Samy’s DV, its contractors, and its licensors, and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents from and against any and all claims and expenses, including attorneys’ fees, arising out of your use of any Samy’s DV service, including but not limited to out of your violation this Agreement.
11. Miscellaneous
This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between Samy’s DV and you concerning the subject matter hereof, and they may only be modified by a written amendment signed by an authorized executive of Samy’s DV, or by the posting by Samy’s DV of a revised or supplemental version. Except to the extent applicable law, if any, provides otherwise, this Agreement, any access to or use of the Website and any Samy’s DV service will be governed by the laws of the state of Massachusetts, USA. If any part of this Agreement is held invalid or unenforceable, that part will be construed to reflect the parties’ original intent, and the remaining portions will remain in full force and effect. A waiver by either party of any term or condition of this Agreement or any breach thereof, in any one instance, will not waive such term or condition or any subsequent breach thereof. You may assign your rights under this Agreement to any party that consents to, and agrees to be bound by, its terms and conditions; Samy’s DV may assign its rights under this Agreement without condition. This Agreement will be binding upon and will inure to the benefit of the parties, their successors and permitted assigns.
Licensing
This Terms of Service is licensed under a Creative Commons Sharealike license. Information on this license can be found at http://creativecommons.org/licenses/sa/1.0/. The Terms of Service is attributable to WordPress.
Search by manufacturer:ZeissLitePanelsCentury OpticsGlidecamSteadicamArriApplePanasonicCanonSonyRedRedRock Micro
Digital Cinema the Easy Way!
Your one-stop source for Broadcast, Educational, Industrial-Corporate and Event Videography. We carry a full range of Professional HD Video Cameras and HD Camcorders, Pro HD Decks, audio, lighting and grip equipment. Digital Cinema is our specialty. Enjoy the same level of service that has made Samy's Camera one of the largest professional photographic equipment suppliers in the country.
Google+
A Division of Samy’s Camera
310.450.4365Fax: 310.450.3079School and corporate purchase orders welcome!
Visit:
Professional Camcorders
Professional Video Equipment
Digital Cinema Equipment
Professional Video Cameras
HD Video Decks
Film Lighting Equipment
Professional Video Decks
Contact Us  |  Employment  |  Terms of Use  |  Privacy Policy  |  Site Map  |  Newsletter SignupPrices subject to change. All transactions and prices must be verified and approved by Samy's DV & Edit before shipping.We are not responsible if a price is incorrect due to typo, misprint, or incorrect rebate deadline.
.Authorized Red Reseller.© 2015 Samy's DV & Edit - a division of Samy's  Camera. All Rights Reserved.
PMW-F5  |  PMW-F55 |  C300 Mark II