https://www.iiug.org/en/about-iiug/privacy-policy/
IIUG
Informix
What is Informix?
Product Offerings
Blogs
Links
IBM Links
Informix Chat with the Lab – Archived
Social Media
News
Insider
Events
Resources
IIUG Software Repository
IIUG Knowledge Library
Community
Informix CSDK download
Informix RFE
Informix Official Licenses
Redbooks
Online Resources
Technical Library
Informix Family
Innovator-C
Timeseries
Warehouse Accelerator
Magazines and Newsletters
Past Conferences
Compare the IBM Informix v.14.10 editions
Informix End of Support Dates
Get Engaged
Local User Groups
International
International Road Shows
Deutsche
Español
Francophone
Português
About IIUG
Bylaws
Board of Directors
Directors’ Awards
IIUG Board Elections 2020
Sponsors
Sponsorship Opportunities
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Informix History
IIUG Banners
Membership Area
Login
Join IIUG
Privacy Policy
At IIUG, we take online privacy seriously and we respect the concerns of our community of users. In this policy (the “Privacy Policy”) we describe our privacy practices with regard to information we collect through *.iiug.org sites (collectively, the “Site”), to help you make informed decisions about how you share information when you visit or use the site, as well as your rights in determining what we do with the information that we collect or hold about you.
IIUG collects and stores personal data of its members in order to:
Perform general membership-related tasks, such as keeping our membership database up to date, recording membership status, providing information to members about their membership status and to run events
News-related tasks, such as e-mailing the Insider and other news to members
Archiving of IIUG historical data
What are the data we collect and store?
IIUG only stores data that you personally communicate to us. These include:
Personal identity data: last name, first name, user code, membership number, address, telephone number, fax number, e-mail address
Professional data: title and organization
How are these data collected?
IIUG only stores data that you personally communicate to us through the web-forms on the IIUG website, or communicated to the IIUG Board of directors by other means and is relevant to completing or correcting the dataset of an IIUG member. In the last case, the data are entered directly into the database by the delegated member of the board.
When and why are your personal data used?
When the use of your data is necessary to provide you with a IIUG related service, such as sending you an Insider newsletter, validation of members who can vote in elections or other relevant information about Informix or IIUG.
When the use of your data is necessary to provide a function of IIUG, such as elections for the Board of directors.
When you give us permission to do so. Any other cases where we would wish to transmit your data to other parties, will be subject to your explicit prior consent.
How are your personal data handled and protected?
Your data will never be transferred to other companies for commercial purposes.
Our database is protected against unauthorized access, use, loss or publication by technical and organizational measures that are reviewed and updated regularly.
Access to the database is restricted to those persons only that have a need to do so (the part of the Board the directors) and their access is password protected. In case technical (website-related) personnel will need to access the database, for maintenance or repair procedures, they will be asked to sign a confidentiality agreement.
The membership database is hosted on a protected server (data center) and regular backups are made.
How long are your personal data kept ?
We keep your personal data for as long as you hold an IIUG membership. Should you want us to delete your membership account and personal data completely, please contact us at webmaster@iiug.org and we will delete all personal data as well as your membership account. However, please be aware that in certain cases regulatory or legal obligations may prevent IIUG from completely deleting your personal data.
Your rights in relation to your personal data:
Right of access: you have the right to request a copy of the personal data that we hold about you. You may do so via your personal IIUG Membership Page on the IIUG website or, alternatively, request it through webmaster@iiug.org.
Right of rectification: you have a right to correct data that we hold about you that is inaccurate or incomplete. You may do so yourself via your personal IIUG Membership Page on the IIUG website or, alternatively, request it through webmaster@iiug.org.
Right to be forgotten: in certain circumstances, you can ask for the data we hold about you to be erased from our records. Please contact webmaster@iiug.org and we will delete all personal data attached to your membership. However, please be aware that in certain cases regulatory or legal obligations may prevent IIUG from completely deleting your personal data.
Right of portability: you have the right to have the data we hold about you transferred to another organization. You may request this through webmaster@iiug.org.
Links From The Site to Other Websites
On this Site, we may provide links to other websites that are controlled by third parties. Linked websites may have their own privacy notices or policies, which we strongly suggest you review. We are not responsible for the content, usage terms, privacy policies, or any other aspects of websites that we do not own or control.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may change this privacy policy from time to time. We will post any modifications on this page and, if they are significant, we will provide a more prominent notice, sent to you via email in an Insider.
We will also keep prior versions of this privacy policy in an archive for your review. Please send us an e-mail if you wish to consult prior versions.
We encourage you to review our privacy policy regularly to stay informed about our information practices and what you can do to help protect your security. By continuing to be a IIUG member, you implicitly accept this privacy policy with regard to your personal data. If you disagree with any changes to this privacy policy, you will need to stop being a member of IIUG and deactivate your IIUG membership, as outlined above.
Data Protection Officer Details
Please contact the IIUG president for any questions or remarks at president@iiug.org.
Recent Posts
IIUG Insider (Issue #244) November 2020
Replay for the IBM Informix – Containers and Modernization Webinar is now available
Informix and SElinux Part.2
IIUG Insider (Issue #243) October 2020
Replay for the IBM Informix – From GSKit to OpenSSL Webinar is now available
Meet us on Social Networks
Tweets by @iiug
No Widgets
"Secondary" needs some widgets.
Latest Posts
IIUG Insider (Issue #244) November 2020Replay for the IBM Informix – Containers and Modernization Webinar is now availableInformix and SElinux Part.2
Top Categories
Insider (274)
News (72)
Blog (13)
Uncategorized (4)
Recent Updates (3)
Recent Comments
"Very seful but one question,
how to start inform"on Automatize Informix Start/Stop [...]"Replay information is available in the document re"on IIUG and IBM [...]"Can we get the replay if we missed it? I was unabl"on IIUG and IBM [...]
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
[ Placeholder content for popup link ]
WordPress Download Manager - Best Download Management Plugin
Close
PageLines