https://www.theimagesgroup.co.uk/blog/privacy-policy/
Privacy PolicyAt The Images Group we are committed to protecting your privacy. We use the information we collect about you to enhance your experience online and improve our service to you. Please read on for more details about our privacy policy.What information does The Images Group collect? How do we use it?When you contact us, we may gather information from you such as your name, telephone, etc.We may use the information we collect to occasionally notify you about important functionality changes to the website, new products, services and special offers we think you’ll find valuable.If you would rather not receive this information, details of how to remove yourself from our subscription system will be contained in the emails that you receive from us. Make sure you change your preferences for each account you hold or email address you have provided.How does The Images Group protect customer information?As required by the UK Data Protection Acts of 1984 and 1998, we follow strict security procedures in the storage and disclosure of information which you have given us, to prevent unauthorised access. Our security procedures mean that we may occasionally request proof of identity before we are able to disclose sensitive information to you.What about “cookies”?Cookies are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer’s hard drive. We currently do not make use of cookies on The Images Group.Will The Images Group disclose the information it collects to outside parties?The Images Group does not sell, trade or rent your personal information to others. We may choose to do so in the future with trustworthy third parties, but you can tell us not to by removing yourself from our lists (details will be provided in the newsletter emails you receive from The Images Group) Also, The Images Group may provide aggregate statistics about our customers, sales, traffic patterns and related site information to reputable third-party vendors, but these statistics will include no personally identifying information.In summaryWe are committed to protecting your privacy. We use the information we collect on here at The Images Group is used to enhance your experience with us. We do not sell, trade or rent your personal information to others. We may choose to do so in the future with trustworthy third parties, but you can tell us not to by removing yourself from our list. If you never want to receive any announcements or special offers from us, please send a blank email message titled “remove” to change your preferences. Remember to change your preferences for each of the email accounts you have given us.Your consentBy using our website, you consent to the collection and use of this information by The Images Group . If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances we disclose it.Tell us what you thinkThe Images Group welcomes your questions and comments about privacy.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.I acceptI declinePrivacy policy