http://www.interprisesoftware.com/privacy_policy.html
Contact Us
Home
Cloud Computing
Our Software
Our Company
Internet Enterprise Software for Franchises, Buying Groups & Cooperatives
Interprise Software Privacy Policy
Last Updated: July 10, 2012
By visiting interprisesoftware.com, you are accepting our privacy
policy as described below. Any dispute of this policy is subject to the application of the
law in the province of Ontario, Canada.
We at Interprise Software appreciate the fact that you trust us with your private
information, which is why we have developed this privacy policy.
We store personal information to provide a better website
experience for you and to serve you better. We may store any information that you enter on
our website or we may use common web technologies like "cookies" to collect and
store other information, such as the browser that you use to access our site, or your IP
address. We may also collect and store information when you access or interact with an
email that we send you, such as the date and time you opened the email. Finally, we may
collect and store information about you that we obtain from other sources, such as mailing
lists.
We don't sell personal information, period. We only share
your personal information with our partners if necessary to provide the services that you
have requested. Those partners are required to provide the same or greater level of
privacy as described in this Privacy Policy. The only other reason we would release
personal information is for legal matters (e.g. to comply with the law, or to protect the
rights, property and safety of Interprise Software or others).
We may use 3rd-party advertisers. Our site may include
ads powered by 3rd-parties, but we do not provide them with any personally
identifiable information about you. They may also use common web technologies like
"cookies" to collect and store information about you, such as the browser that
you use to access our site, or your IP address. This privacy policy does not cover 3rd-parties,
so please contact them directly for more information about their privacy practices.
We use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) to transmit your information
over the Internet, which is the same technology typically used for online banking.
Although we use SSL to securely transmit information between your computer and our
website, it is important that you make sure that nobody else has access to your password.
If others can login to our website with your user name and password, then they will be
able to access the personal information that was intended for you. Use a password that
combines uppercase letters, lowercase letters and numbers that is not easy to guess.
Commit it to memory so it never needs to be written down and don't tell it to anyone.
After you are finished with our site, be sure to logout so that nobody else can access
your personal information using that computer.
We don't collect private information from children. We will
not knowingly collect or post information from people under the age of 18. If you're
under 18, you may use our website only with the involvement of a parent or guardian.
You are in control of your personal information! You can choose
not to provide your personal information, but that may prevent you from using some
features of our website. We may also provide online interfaces that enable you to modify
or delete your personal information, or unsubscribe from mailing lists. If you have any
questions or concerns about our use of your personal information, please contact us.
You are responsible for reviewing changes to this privacy policy.
We may make changes to this privacy policy from time to time, but we will never make
material changes that reduce your protection without notifying you. Note that our current
privacy policy always applies to all the information that we have about you, so you should
check our website frequently for any recent changes.
Subscribe
Get email updates from Interprise Software.
First Name:
Email:
Close
Copyright © 1997 -
2020
Interprise Software.
Home
Cloud Computing
Our Software
Our Company
Privacy Policy