http://www.pgmusic.com/pgmusic.privacy.htm
Live Help
6am-6pm
1-800-268-6272
1-250-475-2874
Menu
Band-in-a-Box®Windows
Band-in-a-Box®VST DAW Plugin
Windows
Mac
RealBand
Band-in-a-Box®Mac
OtherProducts
Support
Forums
News
About
Home
PG Music Privacy Policy
PG Music Inc. Privacy Policy
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their 'Personally Identifiable Information' (PII) is being used online. PII, as described in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.
What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our blog, website or app?
We do not collect information from visitors of our site or app.
When do we collect information?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order, or enter information on our site.
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.
To quickly process your transactions.
How do we protect your information?
Our website is scanned on a regular basis for security holes and known vulnerabilities in order to make your visit to our site as safe as possible.
We use regular Malware Scanning.
Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. In addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.
We implement a variety of security measures when a user places an order enters, submits, or accesses their information to maintain the safety of your personal information.
All transactions are processed through a gateway provider and are not stored or processed on our servers.
Do we use 'cookies'?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
We use cookies to:
Help remember and process the items in the shopping cart.
Understand and save user's preferences for future visits.
Compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interactions in order to offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may also use trusted third-party services that track this information on our behalf.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings. Since browser is a little different, look at your browser's Help Menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
If users disable cookies in their browser:
If you turn cookies off, Some of the features that make your site experience more efficient may not function properly.Some of the features that make your site experience more efficient and may not function properly.
Third-party disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your Personally Identifiable Information unless we provide users with advance notice. This does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or serving our users, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release information when it's release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property or safety.
However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third-party links
We do not include or offer third-party products or services on our website.
Google
Google's advertising requirements can be summed up by Google's Advertising Principles. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users. https://support.google.com/adwordspolicy/answer/1316548?hl=en
We have not enabled Google AdSense on our site but we may do so in the future.
How does our site handle Do Not Track signals?
We honor Do Not Track signals and Do Not Track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place.
Does our site allow third-party behavioral tracking?
It's also important to note that we allow third-party behavioral tracking
COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)
When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under the age of 13 years old, the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, United States' consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children's privacy and safety online.
We do not specifically market to children under the age of 13 years old.
Do we let third-parties, including ad networks or plug-ins collect PII from children under 13?
Fair Information Practices
The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.
In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur: We will notify you via email within 7 business days.
We also agree to the Individual Redress Principle which requires that individuals have the right to legally pursue enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or government agencies to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.
CAN SPAM Act
The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.
We collect your email address in order to:
Process orders and to send information and updates pertaining to orders.
Send you additional information related to your product and/or service
Market to our mailing list or continue to send emails to our clients after the original transaction has occurred.
To be in accordance with CANSPAM, we agree to the following:
Not use false or misleading subjects or email addresses.
Identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way.
Include the physical address of our business or site headquarters.
Monitor third-party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used.
Honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly.
Allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each email.
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can follow the instructions at the bottom of each email.
Contacting Us
The obligations and liabilities of the parties incurred prior to the termination date shall survive the termination of this agreement for all purposes.
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below.
www.pgmusic.com
29 Cadillac Ave
Victoria, BC V8Z 1T3
Canada
info@pgmusic.com
800-268-6272
Last Edited on 2018-11-07
Live Help
Contact Info
PG Music Inc.29 Cadillac Ave Victoria BC Canada V8Z 1T3
Sales: 800-268-6272, 250-475-2874,+ 800-4746-8742*
* Outside USA & Canada where International Freephone service is available.
Access Codes
Tech Support: Live Chat, support@pgmusic.com
More Info...
News and Notes
December 09, 2020
Video - MultiStyles PAK 1 for Band-in-a-Box®!
Get to know the newest Add-on for Band-in-a-Box 2020: MultiStyles with our latest video! https://youtu.be/UJJ2qVLX7Ew MultiStyles PAK 1 includes 30 MultiStyles containing 120 styles -...
December 07, 2020
Band-in-a-Box® 2021 for Windows® Bonus PAKs!
Bonus PAKs are BACK! Purchase Band-in-a-Box® 2021 for Windows® during our special (which ends December 31) and you'll receive a FREE BONUS PAK filled with...
More News...
Online now
Need Help?
Customer Sales & Support
Phones
(Pacific Time)
1-800-268-6272
1-250-475-2874
Live Chat CHAT NOW
OPEN
Online Ordering24/7
OPEN
Forums, email, web support
More Contact Info
Need Help?
Message from PGMusic.com sales and support team
Hi, have any questions?
We're available to text chat.
CHAT NOW
Message from PGMusic.com sales and support team
Hi, have any questions?
We're available to text chat.
CHAT NOW
What are you looking for?
Band-in-a-Box for Windows
Band-in-a-Box for Mac
Other software
Search Site
Other ways to find help.
PG Music User Forums
Email: sales@pgmusic.com
support@pgmusic.com
Web: FAQs, videos, online manuals
Toll Free Order Lines
Current time is:
One of our representatives will be happy to help you over the phone. Our hours of operation are from
6:00AM to 9:00PM PST (GMT -8) Monday thru Friday, 7:00AM to 6:00PM PST Saturday, and 8:00AM to 4:00PM
PST Sundays. You can also send us your questions via email.
Tel: 1-800-268-6272 or 1-888-746-8742 (Within USA and Canada)
Tel: + 800-4746-8742 (Outside USA and Canada where International Freephone service is available - International access codes).
Email: sales@pgmusic.com
Online Tech Support:
One of our representatives will be happy to help you on our Live Chat or by email. Our hours of operation are from
6:00AM to 6:00PM PST (GMT -8) Monday thru Friday; 8:00AM to 4:00PM PST (GMT -8) Saturday; Closed Sunday.
Email: support@pgmusic.com
Web: Tech support
Where would you like to go?
Xtra Styles for Windows
Xtra Styles for Mac
Where would you like to go?
Loops-with-Style for Windows
Loops-with-Style for Mac
Where would you like to go?
MultiStyles for Windows
MultiStyles for Mac