https://www.cybertronsoft.com/privacy-policy
Cybertron Software
English (United States)
English (United States)
French
German
Italian
Japanese
Spanish
Portuguese
Chinese (Simplified)
Chinese (Traditional)
Toggle navigation
Home
Products
Privacy Eraser
Privacy Drive
All Products
Download
Purchase
Support
Online Help
Support Center
Company
About Us
Contact Us
Partners
Press Center
Media Kit
Newsletter
Home
Privacy Policy
Cybertron Software - Privacy Policy
Updated: July 08, 2012
Cybertron Software Co., Ltd.("Cybertron Software") is committed to maintaining the confidentiality, integrity and security of any personal information about our users. This Privacy & Security Policy explains how we protect personal information provided through our website www.cybertronsoft.com (the "Site") and how we use that information in connection with our service offered through the Site (the "Service"). "Personal information" for purposes of this Policy means information that identifies you, such as your name, address, phone number, fax number or email address.
By using the Services, you expressly consent to the use of data as described in this Privacy Policy.
Cybertron Software stresses its privacy and security standards to guard against identity theft and provide security for your personal information. We regularly re-evaluate our privacy and security policies and adapt them as necessary to deal with new challenges.
Your use of the Services is voluntary. You may stop using and uninstall any of our software at any time. By downloading the our software and/or using the Service, you acknowledge and agree that certain our software and/or plug-ins may collect and use non-personally identifiable information relating to your use of the Service (such as IP address, browser type, referring URL). For example, certain of our software collects and organizes information about user's computer usage and the websites visited by users into the database used to provide the Services. Use of such information is of course subject to the Cybertron Software Privacy Policy.
How Cybertron Software Uses Information
Cybertron Software is committed to providing a high-performance, secure, easy-to-use online service. Data collected is used exclusively with the goal of providing and improving this service.
No Spam. Cybertron Software will not, under any circumstances, send you email SPAM. Nor will Cybertron Software rent, sell, or give away your email address or other Personal or Business or contact information. Nor does Cybertron Software trade or exchange mailing lists with other organizations, companies or individuals.
No Spyware/Adware/Malware. At no time will Cybertron Software install any software containing adware, spyware or malware. Nor will Cybertron Software collect any information from your computer system or data files unless it is mandatory for the proper operation of the computer system.
No Third Party Advertising. Cybertron Software does not intend to advertise for other organizations through its website or email communications.
Your Data is Protected. Cybertron Software encrypts all data on your system and then sends it to Cybertron Software over an encrypted connection to ensure your data is secure.
We aim to provide you an excellent experience with our service. For additional detail on how we handle your data or to contact us with questions, please see the rest of the Privacy Policy below.
Information Collection
When you visit www.cybertronsoft.com and other Cybertron Software websites, our servers automatically collect certain information, such as your computer's operating system and browser type, version, and capabilities (such as whether JavaScript is enabled and cookies are accepted), your Internet Protocol (IP) address and the time and date of your visit, the referring site (if applicable), as well as screen resolution, color and depth. This information is used to provide a custom experience, keep your session active, or improve the service.
How We Use Cookies
As is standard practice on many corporate websites, Cybertron Software website uses "cookies" and other technologies to help us understand which parts of our websites are the most popular, where our visitors are going, and how much time they spend there. We also use cookies and other technologies to make sure that our online advertising is bringing customers to our products and services. We use cookies and other technologies to study traffic patterns on our website, to make it even more rewarding as well as to study the effectiveness of our customer communications. And we use cookies to customize your experience and provide greater convenience each time you interact with us.
As is true of most websites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information includes Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data.
We use this information, which does not identify individual users, to analyze trends, to administer the site, to track users' movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. Cybertron Software will not use the information collected to market directly to that person.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to sign in or use other interactive features of Cybertron Software websites and services that depend on cookies.
How We Use Web Beacons
We, or third parties with whom we have contracted or sub contracted, may use web beacons on our website, in our e-mails, in our advertisements on other websites, or in our advertisements in others' e-mails. A web beacon is an electronic image that can be used to recognize a cookie on your computer when you view a web page or e-mail. Web beacons help us measure the effectiveness of our website and our advertising in various ways, for example, by counting the number of individuals who visit our website from a particular advertisement or make a purchase from our website after viewing a particular advertisement as well as by telling us when a web page is viewed and providing a description of the page where the web beacon is placed. Web beacons also help us measure the effectiveness of our e-mail campaigns, for example, by counting the number of individuals who open or act upon an e-mail message, determining when an e-mail message is opened and determining how many times an e-mail message is forwarded.
The information we collect may include some limited personal information, and web beacons allow us to recognize users by accessing cookies. We may also combine the information that we collect through web beacons with other personal information we have collected from you. We use all of this information to better tailor our marketing to you and may use this information for other purposes, such as to enable a shopping cart, customize content on our website and undertake internal research.
We may allow third parties to compile individual information or aggregated statistics from our use of web beacons to enable such third parties to determine the effectiveness of online marketing and to allow such third parties to develop statistics on how often clicking on an advertisement results in a purchase or other action on the advertiser's site. Aggregate information is anonymous and may include demographic and usage information.
You can make some web beacons unusable by rejecting cookies.
Information You Provide
You may provide information such as your name, email address, or other requested information to purchase or use the service. You may also provide us information when you email or call us, or through feedback and other forms on the website.
Cybertron Software takes children's privacy seriously. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 through our websites. If you are under 18 years of age, please do not submit any personal information through our websites without the express consent and participation of a parent or guardian.
Sharing and Disclosures
Cybertron Software does not disclose personal information to service providers, except to process credit card transactions. The data used to process credit card transactions adheres to a strict privacy policy supported by MyCommerce, VeriSign and the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS).
We use third-party e-commerce services - MyCommerce, to provide you with very secure and fast online purchase. MyCommerce, a service of Digital River, Inc (NASDAQ: DRIV, based in the USA), was the software industry's premier registration commerce provider founded in 1997.
Cybertron Software may use third party service providers (e.g. hosting providers) and your data will only be stored in encrypted form and only as necessary to provide you the service. We may share certain aggregated non-personal information (such as total volume of data Cybertron Software stores) with third parties.
Law Enforcement
Cybertron Software may disclose personal data to third parties, with or without notice, (a) where required by law, (b) to protect and defend the rights of Cybertron Software, (c) or to enforce the Cybertron Software Terms of Use.
Corporate Change
If Cybertron Software is involved in a merger, acquisition, or any form of sale of some or all of its assets, we will provide notice before personal information is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Security
Cybertron Software is committed to the security of your data and has put in place industry standard physical and electronic enforcement mechanisms. Cybertron Software products automatically encrypt your data before transmission and send the encrypted data using industry-standard Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption. Your data is stored in a secure location with access controls for authorized employees only.
Communication
From time to time, Cybertron Software will communicate with you via email to inform you of service-related information such as confirmation of a password change, expiration of a credit card, notification of a service issue, or availability of a new product or feature from Cybertron Software. We will not contact you excessively or to promote other third party products. In addition to email, we may contact you via phone for, support reasons only, if you provide us your phone number.
Updating or Removing Information
Users may update or remove their information by signing in to www.cybertronsoft.com or contacting Cybertron Software Support. To remove your information, please visit your account and click "Cancel Account". If you cancel your account, some of your data may still be retained in our archives or backups.
Privacy Policy Changes
Cybertron Software may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. We expect these changes to be minor. New policies will be posted to https://www.cybertronsoft.com/privacy-policy and, for material changes, we will announce more prominently (including potential email notification.) Your continued usage of the Service expressly constitutes consent.
Safe Harbor
Cybertron Software supports the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles as covered in this Privacy Policy.
Privacy Complaints
Cybertron Software is committed to protecting your privacy. If you have a privacy complaint, please contact us directly first to attempt to resolve any issue by visiting https://www.cybertronsoft.com/privacy-policy
Contacting Cybertron Software
We welcome your feedback. If you have any
questions, comments, suggestions, or concerns about this Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact us.
Home
Products
Privacy Eraser
Privacy Drive
All Products
Download
Purchase
Support
Online Help
Support Center
Company
About Us
Contact Us
Partners
Press Center
Media Kit
Newsletter
Follow Us
Facebook
Twitter
Spread Your Love
Copyright © 2002-2020 Cybertron Software Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
Terms of Use | Privacy Policy