http://www.ics-iq.com/terms-privacy/
Loading... Please wait...
Gift Certificates
My Account
Sign in or Create an account
Currency Displayed in
Wish Lists
View Cart (0)
Toggle Top Menu
Search
Search
Main Navigation
Home
Pages
Home
ICS-JMR View Cart
In the News
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Blog
Downloads
About Us
HomePrivacy Policy
Categories
All Download Products
Forensic Acquisition
Hand Held Field Units
Forensic Lab - Network Uploaders
Low Cost Forensic Data Acquisition
Portable Investigation Stations
Forensic Analysis Tools
Media Master Accessories
Solo 5 Accessories
IT Data Duplication
Hand Held Duplicators
Industrial Duplicators
Low Cost Duplicators
Medium Size Duplicators
4000 Pro
4000 Pro X2
Hardware Options
Other Hardware Options
PCIe Expansion
Spare
PCIe Expansion Options
Storage Solutions and Options
Software Options
IM 4000IDE and WipeMASSter
IQCopy for Forensic
New Gen units
Utilities
Adapters
CF Adapters
eSATA Adapters
Fiber Channel Adapters
IDE Adapters
Micro SATA Adapters
Notebook Adapters
Compaq
Dell
Gateway
IBM
NEC
Toshiba
PCMCIA Adapters
SAS Adapters
SATA Adapters
SCSI Adapters
USB 3.0 Adapters
ZIF Adapters
Drive Bays & Hard Cases
Drive Caddies
Drive Coolers & Drive Bay
Hard Cases
Warranties
IM 3000SCSI
IM 4000IDE/WM/PRO/WipePRO
IM Solo-4
Others
Rapid Image
RoadMASSter-3
Cables
eSATA Cables
Fiber Channel Cables
FireWire Cables
IDE Cables
PCIE Cables
Power Cables
SAS Cables
SATA Cables
SCSI Cables
USB cables
Controller Cards
Data Encryption
Data Sanitization
Kits
Power Supplies & Adp
Write Protection
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Introduction
We at ICS-JMR are committed to respecting your online privacy and recognize your need for appropriate protection of any Personal Information you share with us.
Personal Information means any information that may be used to identify an individual, including, first and last name, home address and an email address or other contact information. In general, you can visit ICS-JMR?s Web pages without telling us who you are or revealing any Personal Information about yourself.
If you choose to provide us with your Personal Information on the Web, we may transfer that Information within ICS-JMR or to ICS-JMR's third-party service providers.
ICS-JMR strives to comply with all applicable laws around the globe that are designed to protect your privacy. Although legal requirements may vary from country to country, ICS-JMR intends to adhere to the principles set forth in this Online Privacy Policy even if, in connection with the above, we transfer your Personal Information from your country to countries that may not require an "adequate" level of protection for your Personal Information. In other words, our goal is to provide protection for your Personal Information no matter where that Personal Information is collected, transferred, or retained.
Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
Some of our Web pages utilize "cookies" and other tracking technologies. A "cookie" is file that may be used to collect information about Web site activity.
Most browsers allow you to control cookies, including whether or not to accept them and how to remove them. You may set most browsers to notify you if you receive a cookie, or you may choose to block cookies with your browser, but please note that if you choose to erase or block your cookies, you will need to re-enter your original user ID and password to gain access to certain parts of the Web site.
Tracking technologies may record information such as Internet domain and host names; Internet protocol (IP) addresses; browser software and operating system types; clickstream patterns; and dates and times that our site is accessed.
Our use of cookies and other tracking technologies allows us to improve our Web site and your Web experience. We may also analyze information that does not contain Personal Information for trends and statistics.
To protect your privacy, we follow some principles:
Where ICS-JMR collects Personal Information on the web, we intend to post a purpose statement that explains why Personal Information will be collected and whether we plan to share such Personal Information outside of ICS-JMR or those working on behalf ICS-JMR. ICS-JMR does not intend to transfer Personal Information without your consent to third parties who are not bound to act on ICS-JMR's behalf unless such transfer is legally required.
You may choose whether or not to provide Personal Information to ICS-JMR. The notice we intend to provide where ICS-JMR collects Personal Information on the Web should help you to make this choice. If you choose not to provide the Personal Information we request, you can still visit most of ICS-JMR's Web sites, but you may be unable to access certain options, offers, and services that involve our interaction with you.
Wherever your Personal Information may be held within ICS-JMR or on its behalf, we intend to take reasonable and appropriate steps to protect the Personal Information that you share with us from unauthorized access or disclosure.
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on the site, place an order, enter a contest or sweepstakes, respond to a survey or communication such as e-mail, or participate in another site feature.
When ordering or registering, we may ask you for your name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information or other information. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
We also collect information about gift recipients so that we can fulfill the gift purchase. The information we collect about gift recipients is not used for marketing purposes.
Like many websites, we use "cookies" to enhance your experience and gather information about visitors and visits to our websites. Please refer to the "Do we use 'cookies'?" section below for information about cookies and how we use them.
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, purchase products, enter a contest or promotion, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
To personalize your site experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.
To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.
To quickly process your transactions.
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature.
If you have opted-in to receive our e-mail newsletter, we may send you periodic e-mails. If you would no longer like to receive promotional e-mail from us, please refer to the "How can you opt-out, remove or modify information you have provided to us?" section below. If you have not opted-in to receive e-mail newsletters, you will not receive these e-mails. Visitors who register or participate in other site features such as marketing programs and 'members-only' content will be given a choice whether they would like to be on our e-mail list and receive e-mail communications from us.
How do we protect visitor information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information. Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. When you place orders or access your personal information, we offer the use of a secure server. All sensitive/credit information you supply is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our databases to be only accessed as stated above.
Do we disclose the information we collect to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information unless we provide you with advance notice, except as described below. The term "outside parties" does not include ICS-JMR. It also does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property, or safety.
However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Children's Privacy
ICS-JMR.com is not structured to attract children. Accordingly, we do not intend to collect Personal Information from anyone we know to be under 13 years of age.
Commitment
We are committed to privacy and, through our membership in the Online Privacy Alliance, are actively involved in and support current industry initiatives to preserve individual privacy rights on the Internet. Protecting your privacy online is an evolving area, and ICS-JMR's Web sites are constantly evolving to meet these demands.
If you have any comments or questions regarding our Online Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
ics@ics-iq.com
While we cannot guarantee privacy perfection, we will address any issue to the best of our abilities as soon as possible.
Your Consent
By using this Web site, you consent to the terms of our Online Privacy Policy and to ICS-JMR's processing of Personal Information for the purposes given above as well as those explained where ICS-JMR collects Personal Information on the Web. Should the Online Privacy Policy change, we intend to take every reasonable step to ensure that these changes are brought to your attention by posting all changes prominently on our web site for a reasonable period of time.
How can you opt-out, remove or modify information you have provided to us?
To modify your e-mail subscriptions, please let us know by modifying your preferences in the "My Account" section. Please note that due to email production schedules you may receive any emails already in production.
To delete all of your online account information from our database, sign into the "My Account" section of our site and remove your shipping addresses, billing addresses & payment information. Please note that we may maintain information about an individual sales transaction in order to service that transaction and for record keeping.
Third party links
In an attempt to provide you with increased value, we may include third party links on our site. These linked sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these linked sites (including if a specific link does not work).
Changes to our policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page. Policy changes will apply only to information collected after the date of the change. This policy was last modified on August 6, 2003.
Questions and feedback
We welcome your questions, comments, and concerns about privacy. Please send us any and all feedback pertaining to privacy, or any other issue.
Online Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Terms and Conditions
Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website.
Quick Links
Home
About Us
Testimonials
ICS-JMR Offices and Distributors Worldwide
ICS-JMR Partners
USA Sales
Glossary
Terms Privacy
Contact Us
Blog
What's New
Wipe Out Storage Devices part 1
Hard Drive Wipeout technology – white paperRev 2.0A wipeout (or the erasure …
What you should look for when purchasing a Forensic Data Acquisition Device
What you should look for when purchasing a Forensic Data Acquisition …
What you should look for when purchasing a Drive Sanitizing Tool
What you should look for when purchasing a Drive Sanitizing …
newsletter
Name
Email
Copyright 2020 ICS-JMR. All Rights Reserved.  Sitemap |
Bigcommerce Premium Themes by PSDCenter
All prices are in USD.
Close
Close
Selected For Comparision
Compare Now