https://www.ers.com/policy-pages/terms-and-conditions
×
Discover ERS
Insurance
Enthusiast Insurance
Classic Car
Kit & Replica Car
Motorhome
Modified & Imported Car
Classic Car Collection
High Risk Driver
Prestige Insurance
Supercar
Sports & Entertainment
Overseas
Supercar Collection
Agriculture Insurance
Farmers Plan
Horsebox
Leisure & Recreation
Passenger Transport Insurance
Minibus
Wedding
Execs & Chauffeurs
Coach & Bus
Standard Taxi
Non-Standard Taxi
Commercial Insurance
SCV
Transportation
Showman
Courier
Motor Breakdown Insurance
Fleet Insurance
Own Goods & Trades
Passenger Transportation, Hire & Reward
Everyday Insurance
Standard Car
Standard Van
Claims
Resources & help
News
Trade with us
Contact
Sign in
Register
Claims
Resources & help
News
Trade with us
Contact
Terms and Conditions
Terms and conditions
Access and use of this website (“Website”) and its content is subject to the following terms and conditions of use (“Website Terms of Use”). By accessing the Website you confirm that you have read, understood and accept these Website Terms of Use. If you do not agree with or accept any of these Website Terms of Use, you should stop using the Website immediately.  In these Website Terms of Use, “we“, ”us” and “our” means ERS Syndicate Management Limited. References to “us” in these Website Terms of Use also includes any subsidiary or holding company from time to time of ERS Syndicate Management Limited and any subsidiary from time to time of a holding company of ERS Syndicate Management Limited.  “You” and “your” means you, the Website user.
Company information
The Website is made available to you by ERS Syndicate Management Ltd who are authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority, registered number 204851.  ERS Syndicate Management Limited Registered Office: 21 Lombard Street, London, EC3V 9AH. Registered in England and Wales No. 426475.
Website Access and Availability
The Website, and the information and services provided on or through the Website, are directed at those who can access the Website from the United Kingdom and are intended for use solely by residents of United Kingdom. Any online services and information we provide to you at your request will be in respect of insurance policies which are subject to English law. You must not use the Website or its content in countries where you are restricted or prohibited from doing so by local laws, regulations, codes and/or customs. The Website is provided on an “as is” and “as available” basis and, whilst we have taken care in the preparation of the Website, we do not warrant that you will always have access to the Website (in whole or in part) or that access to the Website will be uninterrupted or error-free at all times. In addition, we do not warrant that your use of the Website or any material downloaded from it will not cause damage to any property, including, but not limited to, loss of data or computer virus infection. We reserve the right at any time and without notice to enhance, modify, alter, suspend or permanently discontinue all or any part of the Website and to restrict or prohibit access to it.
Accuracy of Information
Whilst we have taken all reasonable steps to ensure that the information published on the Website is accurate and up to date, we give no warranty and make no representation regarding the reliability, accuracy and completeness of the information on the Website and we accept no liability for any errors or omissions.
Certain information on the Website is provided by third parties and you acknowledge and agree that neither we nor our suppliers have any control over the accuracy or completeness of such third party information.
Reliance on information posted
Commentary and other materials posted on our Website are not intended to amount to advice on which reliance should be placed. We therefore disclaim all liability and responsibility arising from any reliance placed on such materials by any visitor to our Website, or by anyone who may be informed of any of its contents.
Ownership, Intellectual Property Rights and Use of Website
You acknowledge that we are the owner or licensee of all intellectual property rights in the Website and its entire content including, but not limited to, text, photographs and other images and sound. Intellectual property rights means rights such as copyright, trade marks, domain names, design rights, database rights, patents and all other intellectual property rights of any kind whether or not they are registered or unregistered (anywhere in the world). All such rights are reserved. You may only use the Website for your own personal use and not for commercial purposes, unless you have obtained a licence to do so from us or our licensors. You may display, retrieve, print, copy or download the content of the Website in whole or in part for your personal use or for the personal use of your organisation. You may not otherwise transfer, copy, distribute, upload, transmit, modify, publish or reproduce the content of the Website in whole or in part in any material form without our prior written consent. Entry to, or interference with, the Website, with intent to corrupt, damage or deny service from the Website, or for any other unauthorised commercial benefit, shall be taken seriously and we shall take such action as is necessary to protect the Website from any such activities in order to protect our intellectual property rights. You agree to indemnify us against any loss or liability (including reasonable legal fees) reasonably incurred or suffered by us as a result of your misuse of this Website or your breach of these Website Terms of Use.
Trademarks, The names
ERS and any of our other images, logos, icons and trademarks featured on the Website are our proprietary marks. The names, images, logos and icons of third party companies, products or services featured on the Website are or may be the trademarks of their respective owners. Unless otherwise agreed in writing with us, nothing on the Website shall be deemed to confer on you any licence or right to use any featured name, image, logo or trademark and any such use may constitute an infringement of our, or a relevant third party’s, rights as owner.
Use of your Personal Information
In using the Website you agree to be bound by our Privacy Policy which forms part of these Website Terms of Use and you understand and agree that any personal information (including sensitive information) you provide through your use of the Website will be dealt with in accordance with our Privacy Policy. To access our Privacy Policy please click on the ‘Privacy Policy’ link provided at the bottom of every page of the Website.
Limitation of liability
Nothing in these Website Terms of Use restricts or excludes our liability to you for death or personal injury caused by our negligence, or to the extent liability arises as a direct result of our fraud or wilful default. Subject to the above, and as specified in these Website Terms of Use, we shall not be liable for any losses, damages, costs, claims, expenses or liabilities whatsoever (whether direct, indirect, special, consequential or otherwise) arising out of or in connection with:
The content of the WebsiteAny unavailability of the Website or certain areas of the WebsiteAny amendments or changes to the Website or its contentYour use of the Website otherwise than in accordance with these Website Terms of Use.Any viruses or other technologically harmful material that may infect your computer equipment, computer programs, data or other proprietary material due to your use of our Website or to your downloading of any content posted on it, or on any website linked to it. External Links to and from the Website
We do not object to third-party websites providing links to our Website but we do require compliance with the following conditions:
Our pages must load into the
user’s entire window and not load into frames on your website.
Your use of links to our
Website must not be used in a misleading or defamatory context. This
includes establishing a link in a way that suggests that you have some
association or relationship with us, or implies our approval or
endorsement, where this is not in fact the case.
You use best practice when
linking, e.g. avoid using vague terms such as 'click here', which do not
inform the user that they are leaving the website and redirecting to our
Website. Instead, use clear wording alongside any link to our site, e.g.
‘For further information visit ERS’s website’.We reserve the right to withdraw permission to link to our Website at any time and, if we do so, you must remove all links and take such other action as we may reasonably require immediately.
Some pages on the Website contain hyperlinks to websites not operated or maintained by us (“Third Party Websites”) which we hope will be of interest to you. You are reminded that when you enter Third Party Websites by means of hyperlinks from the Website you will leave the Website and will be subject to the terms and conditions and privacy policies of those Third Party Websites. Similarly, if you enter the Website by means of hyperlinks from Third Party Websites you will be subject to these Website Terms of Use. Hyperlinks to Third Party Websites are provided for your convenience only. You acknowledge and agree that we do not endorse, and are not responsible in any way for the availability of, information or content displayed on, or software downloaded from, such Third Party Websites (including, without limitation, any advertisements about investment products and services) and we do not endorse or make any recommendation about products and services that are advertised or promoted on such Third Party Websites. We are not liable for any loss or damage which may arise from your use of any Third Party Websites.
Submitting information to the Website
Messages sent over the internet cannot be guaranteed to be completely secure and may be subject to possible interception by third parties. For these reasons, please do not use email to send us communications that contain confidential information. We are not responsible for any messages sent over the internet and will not be liable to you or anyone else for any loss suffered in connection with any message sent over the internet. Please note that we are unable to provide insurance quotes and cover via email.
Amendments to Website Terms and Conditions
From time to time we may amend or update these Website Terms of Use and/or the content of the Website without informing you in advance. The Website will always display the current version of the Website Terms and Conditions. By using, and continuing to use, the Website you acknowledge that you accept any such amendments or updates and so we recommend that you review these Website Terms of Use and the content of the Website regularly.
Governing Law and Jurisdiction
These Website Terms of Use are governed by the law of England and Wales and subject to the jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales.
About
Careers
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Cookie Policy
Modern Slavery Act
© 2020 ERS Insurance
ERS, syndicate 218 at Lloyd's, is managed by ERS Syndicate Management Limited (registered number 426475) which is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by Prudential Regulation Authority and the Financial Conduct Authority (FRN 204851). Registered office 21 Lombard Street, London EC3V 9AH.