http://www.digital-metaphors.com/terms-and-conditions/
Terms and ConditionsHome » Terms and Conditions
ReportBuilder © Digital Metaphors 1996-2018. All Rights Reserved.
Certain areas of this web site may contain other proprietary notices, conditions of use, and copyright information, the terms of which must be observed and followed.
THIS WEB SITE AND RELATED COMMUNICATIONS ARE PROVIDED “AS IS”. ALL WARRANTIES ARE DISCLAIMED, INCLUDING THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON INFRINGEMENT, TO THE EXTENT ALLOWABLE BY APPLICABLE JURISDICTIONS.
Digital Metaphors strives to provide accurate information regarding our products and services. We reserve the right to make improvements and/or changes in the products and services described at any time without notice. Information may contain inaccuracies and/or errors. Please contact info@digital-metaphors.com with questions and/or suggestions.
Digital Metaphors requests your interactions and submissions with our web site, wiki, support forums, and email refrain from including confidential or proprietary information. Please note any submissions hereby grant to Digital Metaphors an unrestricted, irrevocable license to use, reproduce, display, modify, transmit and distribute those materials or information, and you also agree Digital Metaphors is free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how, or techniques for any purpose.
Limitation of Liability
Digital Metaphors shall not be liable for any damages or losses arising from use or lack of availability of the Digital Metaphors web site, services, and products. It is your sole responsibility to use the Digital Metaphors web site, services, and products at your own risk.
Privacy
Privacy Policy
Modifications to Terms and Conditions
Digital Metaphors may update this Terms and Conditions periodically.  It is the user’s responsibility to check the privacy policy. Use of the Digital Metaphors web site, products, and services constitutes acceptance.
Trademarks
ReportBuilder, Digital Metaphors are trademarks or registered trademarks of Digital Metaphors Corporation
Delphi, RAD Studio, Borland, Embarcadero are trademarks or registered trademarks of Embarcadero Technologies Inc.
Microsoft, Windows, Windows NT, Access, Outlook, Word, Excel are trademarks or registered trademarks of Microsoft Corporation.
Apple, iPhone, and iPad are trademarks or registered trademarks of Apple Inc.
Google and Android are trademarks or registered trademarks of Google Inc.
Linux® is the registered trademark of Linus Torvalds in the U.S. and other countries.
All other trademarks or registered trademarks are property of their respective owners.
Products
Overview
Editions
Feature Detail
Case Studies
Testimonials
Download
Trial Version
Documentation
Companion Products
Order
Support
Options
Forums
RB Wiki
Company
Mission
Blog
Partners
Careers
Contact Us