http://www.smartmenus.org/about/vadikom/privacy-policy/
Skip to Content
SmartMenus jQuery Website Menu Plugin
Toggle main menu visibility SmartMenus Privacy policy
SmartMenus
About
Introduction to SmartMenus jQuery
Demos + themes
The author
The company
About Vadikom
Work
Privacy policy
Download
Support
Premium support
Forums
Blog
Docs
Privacy policy
Last Updated: November 15, 2004
Vadikom is committed to protecting your privacy. The following privacy statement explains data collection and use practices of the site.
Your personal information
The personal information you provide to Vadikom in any way is solely used for the internal company operations.
Vadikom will never provide your personal information to others
Vadikom may contact you about product updates or (in very rare cases) about important news only with your approval
Vadikom makes every effort to secure you personal information while storing it.
Use of cookies
This site makes use of cookies to provide features that improve your convenience and save you time while you are doing certain actions. A cookie is a very small text file that is created and stored on your hard disk by a web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
For example, cookies are used for the forums on this site. When you are logging in you may choose the option to be "remembered." For the purpose a cookie is stored on your hard disk. When you return later to the forums the login process is done automatically thanks to the cookie stored on the previous occasion.
Please note that no sensitive information is stored in cookies on the entire site.
Remember that you have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Web browsers usually allow you to decline cookies if you prefer. Normally the settings of your browser should include this option. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience some interactive features of this or other web sites.
Questions regarding this privacy policy
If you have questions regarding this Privacy Policy statement, please don't hesitate to contact us.
Your consent to this privacy policy
By using the web site, you agree to this Privacy Policy.
Changes to this privacy policy
Vadikom may occasionally update this Privacy Policy. If this happens, the "Last Updated" date at the top of this page will also be revised.
Connect
Follow @vadikom
Contact
Forums
Project news RSS feed
Latest posts
SmartMenus jQuery 1.1.1 and 1.0.2 releasedSmartMenus jQuery 1.1.0 released including new Bootstrap 4 addonNew demos + themes gallery and v1.0.1
Newsletter
You will receive emails only on new version releases or really important news. Your email will not be shared with anyone. We hate spam too!
© Vadikom Web Ltd. 2020Privacy Policy | Thanks to jQuery & Wordpress!
Share: