http://www.foxriver.net/public/frn-rules.wct#privacy
Home
Dansville
Dansville Home
Da Bananas
Da Cannas
Fishin'
Da Hydroponics
Da Ponds
Gardens o'Dan
Outdoors
Pea Fowl Pages
Kid in a Puddle
Services
Lawn Care
Snow Removal
Web Design
Misc Links
National Doppler Radars
National Radar Loop
AccuWeather
Think Floyd USA
Search Engines
Real Misc Links
Login
Acceptable Terms of Use Policy
Conventions used in this document:
Fox River Net, Fox River Net Online, foxriver.net, FRN, the company, the service, and we may be used interchangeably in this document mean provider of services and herein known as The System.
Likewise, the terms user, subscriber, member, visitor, and account holder (herein referred to as The User), shall be understood to mean the receivers of products or services provided or otherwise made available to The User by The System.
NOTICE
The System DOES NOT AUTHORIZE THE USE OF ITS PROPRIETARY COMPUTERS, COMPUTER NETWORKS, CONCEPTS, OR CONTENT TO ACCEPT, TRANSMIT, OR DISTRIBUTE UNSOLICITED BULK E-MAIL OR OTHER UNWANTED OR UNSAFE CONTENT SENT FROM OR TO THE INTERNET. The System RESTRICTS E-MAIL ACCESS TO CAN-SPAM (US S.877) COMPLIANT CLIENTS ONLY.
Ethics and Acceptable Use of The System
The following outlines the basic ethics and acceptable use policy of The System by The User:
ACCESS:
The System's availability beyond initial exploration or use of general public areas is conditioned upon agreement by the user to accept the terms and conditions in accordance with the rules and regulations as set forth in part by this document and by other notices posted elsewhere within The System, posting in banners, bulletins, revisions, and by any and all other subsequent changes in privileges or subscriptions here. Authorized access is limited by the user's current security profile as assigned, designated and authorized only by The System and/or its officers.
SERVICES:
The User is provided with minimal access to the service as outlined by a [required] service agreement entered into at time of registration. Extended options and access may require supplemental agreements, provisions, and/or surcharges. Users may leave comments to sysop at any time. The User may be authorized to send and receive private and or public messages if so allowed by The User's membership registration provisions. The User however, is not necessarily entitled access to private or public messaging imported or exported beyond The System proper via the internet or other local and wide area networks without prior agreement and conditions. Registered accounts require The User to be at at least 18 years of age, or by parent/guardian consent in conjunction with an accompanying registered account for that adult guardian. The System assumes no responsibility for misrepresentation of age or other status of The User.
NOTICE OF INTENT:
The System reserves the right to discontinue, alter, limit, or extend any access and/or services at any time to anyone, with or without prior notice.
BILLING AND PAYMENT FOR SERVICE:
Payments for services are expected in advance for all levels of paid access or other services provided by The System. Payments for services shall be due and payable not later than the first day of the first month following the date the service agreement is initiated or services are rendered. Detailed statements for services and payments are available. Arrangements methods of delivery or transfer of payments must be made in advance by contacting The System administrators. All avenues of remedy for non-payment of amounts owed to The System will be pursued to the fullest extent of the law.
GENERAL RULES:
If there is a law against it, don't do it here! Regardless of user profile, age, or registration configuration, The User is expected to abide by the Rules of the Road for The System. The User is advised to carefully review The System's notification banners and bulletins closely and often. Parents and guardians of users under 18 years of age must be currently registered members of The SystemUnder-age users are permitted to use the service under direct supervision of said parent or guardian and under full assumption of responsibility of same.
UNSOLICITED COMMERCIAL OR BULK MAIL/ADVERTISING:
UNSOLICITED Commercial or Bulk Mail/Advertising Messages (UBE/UCE) are EXPRESSLY NOT PERMITTED to be DELIVERED TO or SENT FROM The System — PERIOD!
Electronic conveyance of unrequested or unsolicited mailings en masse or otherwise using credentials bearing The System's domain name or that of any other domain owned or operated by The System or its related domains and entities, regardless of whether or not such mailings are sent via The System's facilities, is expressly prohibited.
The System does not support, recognize or condone 'Opt-Out' concepts of mailings or conditions by outside or inside entities. Such assumed permission until permission is revoked methods are, quite bluntly in our opinion, — bullshit. If a party does not specifically request, accept, or grant permission via plainly written and boldly posted notices or agreements, any advertising or other communication from any other party, then it is unacceptable to send any such form of information to that original party.
So-called Opt-In concepts are greatly more acceptable and recognized by The System here on behalf of its users only if PRE-authorized by The User.
The System reports all abuses to appropriate and pertinent authorities, including but not limited to, internet service providers, registration services, abuse agency entities, advertisers, Real-time Blocking Lists (RBL's), and other such reporting services.
Persons or entities sending unsolicited commercial or bulk mail/advertising to any account at The System may be charged fees for such services rendered including but not necessarily limited to, storage and administrative fees and any legal or other related costs incurred. Payment for such services is payable on demand. Minimum cost for such services shall be no less than $50.00(US)
per occurrence.
Pursuant to US Code, Title 47, Chapter 5, Subchapter II, p.227, any and all unsolicited commercial e-mail sent to addresses to any domain under this systems control and operation may be subject to download and archival fees in the amount of $500.00(US)
per message. Parties sending unsolicited commercial e-mail to this account may be charged $500.00(US)
for administrative fees for sending such unwanted mailings to The System. Failure to abide by these rules and conditions, and/or continued abuses can and will result in legal action.
DEFAMATION, PERSONAL ATTACKS, BIGOTRY, SLANDER, REALISM, RACISM, ETC:
Irresponsible or untrue remarks and statements about private individual or groups of persons is considered libel. Such acts or other similar actions causing harm or demeaning of character, standing, etc., are not tolerated by The System.
ILLEGAL ACTS, ITEMS, OR SUBSTANCES:
The use or possession of, or acts and activities involving CONTROLLED SUBSTANCES OR ILLEGAL ITEMS (CONTRABAND) SUCH AS DRUGS, EXPLOSIVES, ILLEGAL EAVESDROPPING OR ELECTRONIC SURVEILLANCE AND EQUIPMENT, THEFT (electronic or otherwise), COMPUTER VIRUSES, PROSTITUTION, ROBBERY, ARSON, HACKING, CRACKING, PHREAKING, PROPAGATION OF MALWARE, SEDITION, CHILD PORNOGRAPHY, COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT, OBSCENITY, STOLEN CREDIT CARDS, IDENTITY THEFT, — ANY CRIME AGAINST LOCAL, STATE, OR FEDERAL LAWS, IS NOT ALLOWED HERE! Use of The System in planning, commission, or otherwise perpetration or utilization of any illegal activity or items is forbidden. OWNERSHIP OF MATERIALS AND CONTENT:
In general, the rights to original messages, original files, or other content posted, uploaded, or otherwise conveyed to The System are retained by the proper owner. Materials owned and or copyrighted by others including shareware and freeware programs or other works, may be uploaded with express consent of the proper owner. Text or other documents and files detailing ownership, licensing, the requirement of registration, terms of distribution, etc., which grant or deny permissions to distribute such works, are usually included within a group of files accompanying or are integral to said works, and must be read carefully.If you are unsure about such rights and permissions, don't send it here. We wish to avoid infringement suits and hope you'll avoid them as well — we are not going to help you infringe on other's rights. All uploaded files are subjected to scrutiny of content and security. The System assumes no responsibility for nor does it guarantee or make warranty with regard to the contents or rights to any materials sent to or stored by The System on behalf of its members.
ACCESS OR ENTRY BEYOND PERMITTED AREAS:
Acts or attempts to break into or otherwise gain obtain access beyond the areas to which The User is expressly granted access, or otherwise subverting security and permissions of access to The System is illegal and violates the Rules of the Road of The System.Use of this facility for storage or any other action in conjunction with The System's intent, including but not limited to the operating system or server software or bandwidth, WITHOUT THE EXPRESS PERMISSION AND AUTHORITY OF The System is forbidden and may be considered UNLAWFUL.Prosecution for unauthorized actions will be pursued to the fullest extent of the law. This includes the willful and intentional introduction, transfer, and/or execution of any product, program, data or other similar file or any other media such as viruses, scripts, counters, malware, pop-ups, apps, or others which may or may not require the use of The System's bandwidth, software, or other system-related resources to commit or perpetrate any criminal activity or immoral acts.
EXPECTATIONS OF PRIVACY:
Great effort is taken to ensure the privacy and security of personal messages, data, and other information regarding The User. Data stored and or collected by The System pertaining to The User is strictly confidential, and is not open to scrutiny, distribution or other dissemination except to protect The System, its users, and its clients. The User is hereby notified that The System has the capability to provide some amount of administrative monitoring and deletion of private messages, attachments, files and other data under certain circumstances. Be advised and understanding of this, but also know The System does not outwardly allow any intrusion of any personal data unless required to Cover Our Ass, or otherwise protect the rights and safety of The System and others.
MESSAGE STORAGE:
Unread messages collected and stored by The System that attain an age 366 days or greater, and messages marked as read which are 90 days of age or greater, are subject to automatic deletion without prior notice by The System.Messages and or message attachments received by The System suspected or found to contain viruses, malware, or other harmful or unlawful components are subject to immediate disposal without notice.
LIMITS OF LIABILITY AND WARRANTY:
The System shall not be held accountable or liable for any damages of any nature incurred during or resulting from any use of The System facilities, or actions arising therefrom. No warranty or guarantee, express or implied, is made herein whatsoever. Violators of these rules and regulations should expect immediate cancellation and termination of any and all privileges of access and agreements, without refund in part or whole of any funds or payments made to The System, and should also expect prosecution to the fullest extent of the applicable law where applicable. The System reserves the right to deny any and all access or services, or to terminate any user or service at any time, with or without prior notice.
MAINTENANCE AND CONTINUITY:
The System utilizes maintenance programs, routines, and schedules to optimize and update all system aspects. Maintenance routines and general upkeep is normally scheduled to occur during late night and early morning periods [system local] when network traffic and usage is at low rates in order to minimize possible interruptions of services.Occasionally there may be situations that requires operation which will impede accessibility at inopportune times. Please note however, that these incidents and normal maintenance routines can vary in duration and degree, and at any time of day or night. Every effort within technological, economical, and reasonable means of The System will be made to provide and maintain a constant and uninterrupted service as much as is realistically possible. Acts of God/nature, material or equipment failures, and other unforeseen interruptions are a fact of life, and may not fall under direct control of The System or it's consigns. No refund in part or whole of any funds paid or services owed or otherwise due to The User are granted or performed in the event of any interruptions of services; any compensations made in lieu thereof is solely at the discretion and in good faith of The System's ownership and administration.
DISCLAIMER:
The System reserves the right to deny or limit access and service to anyone at any time for any reason. Files, images, and other information obtained from or via The System are provided as-is without warranty, expressed or implied. Returned checks or payments not received in full can result in suspension or termination of services without notice! Checks returned for insufficient funds, account closed, or any other reason will result in immediate termination of services and a $35.00(US)
service surcharge, and all are subject to any other rights and remedies for the collection of bad debts under the law. Consideration of refunds for pre-paid fees is solely at the discretion of The System and such adjustments if any, are made on a pro-rata basis, less a $10.00(US)
service charge.
It is the responsibility of The User to read and understand these Rules of the Road for The System, which are readily available for both on- and off-line reading. Infractions of the rules can result in complete refusal of any further access, with violators subject to the rights and remedies under any and all applicable laws. Responses to inquiries, questionnaires or completion of membership forms or content of other personal data shall constitute a binding agreement with the service. Parental consent is required for individuals under 18 years of age. Parent(s) and or guardian(s) of persons not at majority age will be contacted to secure consent and deliver notification of policies and requirements; The System will provide as safe a place as possible for young people but all responsibility lies with the parents/guardians of said young persons. The System is NOT responsible or held accountable for content of sites or information beyond The System, nor shall it be held accountable for the actions of other users or members which may cause or otherwise be in violation of the Rules of the Road or other Acceptable Use Policies of and for The System.
This document is considered official and legal notification to The User and to public in general. This page is readily available with plain and commonly displayed links to it as well as other rules, regulations, and notices regarding the use and access of The System, its assigns and property(ies). Such links are found on The System Home and Main page, and each publicly posted page. This notice shall be legal and binding unless its disposition is determined to be otherwise by a court of law of the United States of America or other pertinent judicial systems as applicable.
This document, its content, and meaning are subject to changes, corrections, or revisions at any time without prior notice.
This System has a zero-tolerance policy!
Top
Home
Info
About Us
Legal Info
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use