http://www.visibility.com/privacy-policy
PRIVACY POLICY
VISIBILITY PRIVACY POLICY
Privacy and Security of Users - Visibility Corporation ("Visibility") respects the privacy and security of its users. Our goal is to provide you with a personalized Internet experience that delivers the information, resources and services that are most relevant and helpful to you. In order to achieve this goal, we may collect information during your visits to understand what differentiates you from each of our other users. This Privacy Statement discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices of Visibility in connection with the visibility.com website and all other World Wide Web sites owned or operated by Visibility, its affiliates, and its subsidiaries (collectively, the "Site"). Visibility can be contacted by mail at 50 High Street, North Andover, MA 01845, by phone at (978) 269-6500, or by email at webmaster@visibility.com.
Collection of Personal Information from Site Visitors - Visibility may collect and track: (a) User-Supplied Information - When you request more information from Visibility through our online Contact Form or other forms on the Site, we may ask you to supply your name, e-mail address, and other personal information; (b) Server Log Information - When you visit an Internet Web site, you disclose certain information about yourself, such as your Internet Protocol (IP) address, the time of our visit, and the referring location (e.g., the site or page that offered a link to a Visibility page); and (c) Statistical Data - In order to solve technical problems with the Site and to calculate overall usage statistics, we collect aggregate and user-specific information on which pages you access.
Use of Personal Data Collected; Disclosure of Personal Data to Third Parties - Visibility may disclose personal information when we believe in good faith that the law requires it or to protect the rights or property of Visibility. Personal data may also be disclosed or distributed to another party with which Visibility enters or reasonably may enter into a corporate transaction, such as, for example, a merger, consolidation, acquisition or asset purchase. This Site may also contain links to other sites for or placed by third parties. Visibility is not responsible for the privacy practices of such Web sites, or third parties, or for the content of such sites. It is possible that third parties or others may use these links to collect personal or other information about Site visitors. It is solely your obligation to review and understand the privacy practices and policies of these other Web sites and of these advertisers and third parties.
Security Measures - Visibility has implemented numerous security features to prevent the unauthorized release of or access to personal information. Please be advised, however, that the confidentiality of any communication or material transmitted to or from Visibility via this Site or email cannot be guaranteed. Accordingly, Visibility is not responsible for the security of information transmitted via the Internet. For more private communication, you can contact Visibility by telephone at 978-269-6500.
Copyright Notice - All Materials are protected by copyright law and by international treaties. You may download this material and make a reasonable number of copies for your own personal use. In the event that you print Materials found on the Site, you must include any copyright notice originally included with the Materials in all copies.
"Framing" in the Visibility.com Web Site - Framing of the Site may be permitted only by express agreement with Visibility Corporation.
Limitation of Liability - By availing yourself of the Materials, you agree to release and hold Visibility Corporation, its employees, officers, directors, agents, advertising, promotion and fulfillment agencies, any third party providers or sources of information or data and legal advisers harmless from any and all losses, damages, rights, claims and actions of any kind arising from or related to the Materials, including but not limited to: (a) any injuries, losses or damages of any kind arising in connection with or as a result of utilizing the Site; or (b) any printing or typographical errors in any materials associated with the Site.
In addition, you agree to defend, indemnify and hold Visibility Corporation harmless from any claim, suit or demand, including reasonable attorney's fees, made by a third party due to or arising out of your utilizing the Site, your violation or breach of these Terms and Conditions, your violation of any rights of a third party, or any other act or omission by you.
General - Information found on the Site is provided on an "AS IS" basis. Visibility makes no warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, any implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose or non-infringement. Information found on the Site may contain inaccuracies or typographical errors. Information may be changed or updated without notice. Additionally, Visibility may make updates, improvements or changes to any of the products or services described in such information at any time without notice.
Visibility makes no representations and assumes no responsibility of any kind regarding any other Web site which you may access through a Visibility Web site. All non-Visibility Web sites, including those which may be accessed through a Visibility Web site, are independent from Visibility and Visibility has no control over the content on that Web site. Additionally, a link to a non-Visibility Web site does no imply that Visibility endorses or accepts any responsibility for the use and/or content of such Web site.
Visibility's Right to Change Privacy Statement - Visibility reserves the right to change this Privacy Statement at any time, with or without notice; your continued use of this Site after any change is made to this Privacy Statement signifies your understanding of and intention and agreement to be bound by such change. It is your responsibility to monitor this Privacy Statement for changes.
Data Privacy and Communication Preferences (GDPR Compliance) - Your data privacy and communication preferences are a top priority for us at Visibility. Please note that this website stores cookies on your computer. These cookies are used to collect information about how you interact with our website and allow us to remember you. We use this information in order to improve and customize your browsing experience and for analytics and metrics about our visitors both on this website and other media. Upon entry to our website, you will be prompted to Accept this policy unless you choose not to. In addition, on the Visibility website you will be prompted to opt-in to receive any messages and communications from Visibility and to consent to Visibility maintaining your information record in our CRM system in order to allow us to provide you with the best content possible.
Sign up to receive emails from Visibility, it’s fast and easy!
Thank you for visiting our website
We are always looking for ways to better serve our customers. Please don't hesitate to contact us to let us know what we can do better.
© 2020 Visibility Corporation
Privacy Policy
Fresh from our blog
Subscribe to Visibility Blog