https://www.questionmark.com/privacy/
Skip to content
Platform and Services
Platform and Services
Proctoring
Assessment Content
Onboarding
Case Studies
Frequently Asked Questions
Business Challenges
Sectors and Uses
Pre-Hire
Post-Hire
Sectors
Resources
Why Questionmark
“Talking Points”
Book Review Series
All Resources
Industry Leadership
Blog
Podcasts
Videos
Webinars
White Papers
E-books
Infographics
About Us
About Us
Leadership
Press Office
Awards & In the Press
Careers
Our Partners
Support
Contact
Search
Demo
Platform and Services
Platform and Services
Questionmark Platform
Platform Image Gallery
Professional Services
Proctoring
Record and Review Promotion
Assessment Content
Onboarding
Case Studies
Frequently Asked Questions
Business Challenges
Sectors and Uses
Pre-Hire
Post-Hire
Sectors
Financial Services
Professional Services
Retail
E-commerce
Utilities
Technology, Media and Telecoms
Pharmaceuticals
Test Publishers and Certification
Higher Education
Government and Public Sector
Manufacturing
Resources
Why Questionmark
“Talking Points”
Book Review Series
All Resources
Industry Leadership
Blog
Podcasts
Videos
Webinars
White Papers
E-books
Infographics
About Us
About Us
Leadership
Press Office
Awards & In the Press
Careers
Our Partners
Support
Contact
Search
Demo
Our Privacy Policy
Home Our Privacy Policy
Search
Questionmark’s privacy policy
Last updated: 11 May 2020
Questionmark
takes the privacy of all its stakeholders seriously and understands that
assessment data is private and use of it needs to follow data protection
principles and applicable law.
Except
where specified otherwise, this privacy policy applies to all companies in the
Questionmark group, including Questionmark Computing Limited, Questionmark GmbH
and Questionmark Corporation, herein ‘Questionmark’.
In this
privacy policy we use the terms ‘Data Controller’ and ‘Data Processor.’ These
terms have special meanings. ‘Data Controller’ means the organization or person
that determines the purpose and means of the processing of personal data, for
example an organization or educational institution that is a test sponsor and
uses our products and services to deliver assessments to test takers. ‘Data
Processor’ means the organization or person that processes personal data on
behalf of the Data Controller.
Except
when stated otherwise, this privacy policy addresses Questionmark’s activities as
a Data Controller. When acting as a Data Processor for its customers,
Questionmark is contractually bound to comply with privacy obligations in
legally binding contracts that address the requirements of applicable laws.
Questionmark only processes personal data pursuant to a lawful basis in accordance with the requirements of applicable law. Lawful bases may include your consent, our legitimate interests and for the performance of a contract with you where products or services are provided. Where Questionmark is acting as a Data Processor, the Data Controller is responsible for ensuring personal data is provided to Questionmark in accordance with applicable laws and Questionmark may only process such personal data in accordance with the instructions of the Data Controller.
This website
Information
Collected. When you create an account on the Questionmark website, for
example to view documentation or post in our forum, or register for or purchase
services either on our website or via a third-party payment merchant, you enter
various information including name and contact details. Questionmark also
collects information at this time, including the internet protocol (IP) address
used to connect your computer to the Internet; login; email address; password;
computer and connection information such as browser type and version, operating
system, platform, and purchase data.
Questionmark
provides a chat service on our website that can provide some support and help,
for example if you experience a problem with an assessment. You can use the
chat service without providing personal data, but we necessarily collect all
information you enter into the chat service as well as any information you
share with us by email. Questionmark also records information about your
interaction with Questionmark systems and personnel, such as which resources
you access or download, including within our customer relationship management
system.
Questionmark
uses cookies to allow you to stay logged into the site, to make the website
experience more useful (such as remembering preferences), to gather general statistical
information about site use and for marketing purposes. More information on
Questionmark’s use of cookies can be found at https://www.questionmark.com/cookies-policy/.
Questionmark may ask you to provide personal information when contacting us
with support or troubleshooting questions, which we will use for identification
purposes and to help respond to your queries.
Children. Questionmark
does not knowingly collect personal information through its website or services
from any person under the age of 13. We do not market our products and services
to persons under the age of 13. If you become aware that a child under the age
of 13 has provided personal information to us, please contact us using the
information below.
How Information
Is Used. Questionmark uses the information collected via its website for
its internal business purposes (such as maintaining and improving our products
and for general, reasonable administrative purposes), to correspond with you
(including to provide information on our products and services and for sales
and marketing purposes – unless you have opted out of receiving such
correspondence in accordance with applicable laws), to gather and analyze
information and monitor activity on the website and to provide you with the
best product experience. For example, we may use information provided in
interactions with our support personnel or using our website to improve our
documentation.
Visibility
of Information. The personal information you provide in your Questionmark website
account profile will only be visible to you, Questionmark and its authorized
contractors.
When
you contribute to a discussion thread or comment on a blog article, your name
(but no other personal information) will be visible to other individuals with
Questionmark website accounts. You are responsible for maintaining your profile
information to ensure that your email address isn’t disclosed when you use the
message forums.
Should
you use a credit card to make a payment on this site, Questionmark does not
retain a copy of the full credit card number and only retains a reference to
the number which is held in full by a secure credit card handling service.
Purchasing may also be made via a third-party payment merchant. In this case,
Questionmark may be a joint Data Controller with that third-party payment
merchant. You should review any third-party payment merchant’s privacy policy
before providing them with any personal data, to ensure you are comfortable
with their handling of your personal data. Questionmark will handle any
personal data passed to us by a third-party payment merchant in accordance with
this privacy policy.
Your
Choices. Questionmark will not ask you to provide personal data that is
not reasonably necessary to provide a service or product you request. You can
always choose not to provide information, even though it might be needed to
make a purchase or to access information that requires a Questionmark website
user account. If you choose not to provide essential information you might not
be able to make an online purchase, register for a web seminar or other
resource, or use information on the Questionmark website that requires a user
account.
Opt-Out. Questionmark
complies with all applicable laws that require opt-in consent prior to sending
targeted communication. In compliance with the U.S. CAN-SPAM Act of 2003 and
other applicable legislation, Questionmark maintains an opt-out list of email
addresses (also known as a ‘suppression list’). This list of addresses may be
provided to contractors conducting email broadcasts on Questionmark’s behalf,
but only for the express purpose of suppressing these addresses from
promotional email broadcasts conducted on Questionmark’s behalf. If you have
registered for an account on the Questionmark website or make a purchase or register
for services on our website, you will receive periodic email newsletters and
communications from Questionmark to assist you in learning about assessment
technologies.  In registering for a user account on the Questionmark
website or otherwise providing us with your personal details where Questionmark
is the Data Controller, you consent to receipt of such correspondence.
If you do not want to receive communications from us, please follow the unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of the email or newsletter you received (this method is the quickest way to expedite your unsubscribe request).  Alternatively, you may submit a request via by sending an email to unsubscribe@questionmark.com or by contacting your account manager.
In
registering for a user account on the Questionmark website or registering or
purchasing services on our website, you will be asked to consent to our
processing of your personal information as described above. You may withdraw
consent at any time by contacting us as described in this privacy notice.
Recruitment privacy policy
Questionmark is committed to protecting the privacy of personal data provided to us in recruitment processes. We believe it’s important that you understand how your personal data will be used, and your rights. For more information about our recruitment privacy policy, refer to Questionmark recruitment privacy policy at questionmark.com/about/careers/recruitment-privacy-notice.
Information collected when you take an assessment on our servers
An
assessment may consist of a test, exam, quiz, survey, or other kind of
assessment. Questionmark provides assessment services as a service provider to
assessment sponsors. The assessment sponsor is the company or organization that
offers the assessment for delivery from Questionmark’s servers. The assessment
sponsor is the Data Controller and Questionmark is the Data Processor in
respect of the processing of personal information described in this section.
When
you take an assessment on Questionmark’s servers, assessment sponsors may
collect or receive personal information through our service on candidates
including names and demographic and other information. The assessment sponsor
decides what information they ask for and collect and Questionmark processes
this information only to provide the services requested by the assessment
sponsor in accordance with the agreement with the assessment sponsor.
We also
automatically record the IP address, browser header data and other similar
information about the computer used to take the assessment. If you use our
secure browser, Questionmark Secure, to take assessments, we may record further
information including details of other processes running and peripherals on
your computer and actions taken during the assessment including URLs of other
websites you navigate to during the assessment. If the assessment sponsor asks
us to provide additional services, like online proctoring or record and review
proctoring, then at the choice of and as instructed by the assessment sponsor, further
information will be recorded, including proof of identification, video and/or
audio, full desktop screen recording and recording of web traffic/screenshots of
the assessment session. The assessment sponsor decides what personal
information is processed. We do this on behalf of the assessment sponsor for
purposes of ensuring the integrity of the assessment process, for example so
that the assessment sponsor can detect possible incidents of cheating and to
ensure proper candidate authentication.
When an
assessment is administered to you by or on behalf of the assessment sponsor, we
collect and may score your responses and derive an assessment score, and the
assessment sponsor may use this data collected to generate reports about your
results.
Any
personal data processed by Questionmark will be visible to and shared with the
assessment sponsor, as the Data Controller. Providing personal data is
voluntary, but usually necessary if you wish to take the assessment. You should
raise with the assessment sponsor any concerns you have regarding personal data
that you are asked to provide as part of the assessment process.
Questionmark
software also uses cookies to make your experience with the software useful,
for example to remember preferences, provide you with a better user experience
and to help make the assessment experience more effective.
When
you use Questionmark software to author or administer assessments on behalf of
an assessment sponsor, personal information described above can also be
recorded and is treated in the same way as information for people taking
assessments.
Certain
assessments may be administered through independent testing centers. These
centers may have their own privacy policies that may be different from this
policy. Questionmark is not responsible for these privacy policies or the
conduct of independent testing centers. If you have any questions or concerns
about an independent testing center’s collection or use of any of your personal
information, please talk to the assessment sponsor or independent testing
center directly. By taking or authoring an assessment on our servers, your
personal information will be transmitted by Questionmark to the assessment
sponsor.
We
require all assessment sponsors to comply with all privacy and data protection
laws applicable to the personal information being processed, including where
applicable the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU 2016/679)(“GDPR”)
and California Consumer Privacy Act 2018, when using Questionmark’s services.
The collection, use and further disclosure of your personal information by the
assessment sponsor is subject to the assessment sponsor’s own privacy policies,
for which Questionmark is not responsible and which may be different from this
privacy policy. You should raise any questions about this with the assessment
sponsor.
The
assessment sponsor is responsible for ensuring that the personal information
collected from you and processed as part of the assessment process is collected
and processed in accordance with applicable data protection laws. Questionmark
acts in accordance with the assessment sponsor’s instructions, including as recorded
in written agreements that only permit Questionmark to use personal information
for purposes of providing the services to the assessment sponsor.
California
Consumer Privacy Act 2018 (“CCPA”).
When
providing products and services to assessment sponsors that are covered
businesses under the CCPA or otherwise when implied by that law, Questionmark
will be acting as a “service provider.” In this case, Questionmark will use
personal information of California consumers in accordance with the assessment
sponsor’s written contractual instructions and purposes, and shall not retain,
use or disclose personal information otherwise than as permitted for service
providers under the CCPA and its regulations. Questionmark does not sell
personal information.
Disclosing information to others
Questionmark
does not sell or rent personal information (including your email address) it
collects to others; however, it may disclose personally identifiable
information in the following situations and where applicable in compliance with
and limited by the requirements of the Privacy Shield principles, EU and Swiss
data protection laws and other commitments made by Questionmark to good privacy
practice:
(a) in
response to a subpoena, court order or legal process, to the extent permitted
and required by law;
(b) to
protect your security or the security of other persons including for national
security or law enforcement purposes, consistent with applicable law;
(c) in
connection with a sale, joint venture or other transfer of some or all of the
assets of Questionmark companies, provided that the acquirer commits to using
personal information in a manner consistent with applicable law and this
privacy policy;
(d) to
companies in the Questionmark group and a limited number of organizations or
individuals who are working as our contractors, resellers or agents and who are
committed and obliged to protect your privacy in a manner consistent with this
privacy policy and applicable law, including where applicable the Privacy
Shield principles.
These
organizations and individuals assist us in providing services to customers and
prospects, including the provision of data storage services, customer
relationship management, technical support and consulting or other services,
and may as instructed by Questionmark access, store, use or process personal
information when providing services to Questionmark;
(e)
when you request it, for instance if you have asked us to do this as part of an
effort to connect you with experts who can help you.
By
registering for a user account on the Questionmark website, making a purchase
on our website or otherwise providing us with your personal information, you
give your consent for your personal information to be transmitted in the
situations outlined above. You may withdraw this consent at any time by
contacting us as described in this privacy notice.
As Data
Controller, the assessment sponsor is responsible for ensuring that transmittal
of personal information collected from you as part of the assessment process is
in accordance with applicable data protection laws. Questionmark acts in
accordance with the assessment sponsor’s instructions.
As a
Data Processor, Questionmark may only disclose personal information to others
as authorized by assessment sponsors in accordance with applicable laws.
Transmission of information and cross-border transfers
Data collected
and received by us may be transmitted to the United States and other countries
where Questionmark or its affiliates and contractors are located. The internet
is a global environment. By using this website and sending information to us
electronically, you consent to international transmission of any data that you
may choose to supply us. The purpose of international transmissions is to
provide support in respect of our services, utilize personnel within the
Questionmark group and use subcontractors that provide services to us.
Information
transmissions to this site and emails sent to us may not be secure. Although
Questionmark places a high priority on security and uses reasonable security
measures, due to the inherent nature of the internet, all internet
transmissions are done at the user’s own risk.
When
Questionmark transfers personal data from the European Economic Area and
Switzerland to other countries, we will only do so with arrangements in place
that are designed to ensure that your personal data is protected in those other
places in accordance with applicable legal requirements.
Questionmark
may transfer personal data to countries considered by the European Commission
to provide an adequate level of data protection as compared with EU data
protection law. In respect of other countries, Questionmark has contractual
agreements in place with its relevant suppliers incorporating the EU Standard
Contractual Clauses.
As a
Data Processor, Questionmark may only transfer personal information to other
countries in accordance with the requirements and restrictions of its contracts
with assessment sponsors and applicable laws.
EU-U.S. Privacy Shield
Questionmark
Corporation complies with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and the
Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of
Commerce in respect of the collection, processing, use and retention of
personal information transferred from the EU and Switzerland to the United
States respectively, including as part of certain of our services in which we
act as a data processor. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to
view our certification, please visit: https://www.privacyshield.gov/.
Questionmark
Corporation has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the
Privacy Shield principles. The Privacy Shield principles describe and explain
Questionmark Corporation’s responsibility for personal information within the
scope of the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield
Framework respectively, including liability for processing of such personal
information by third party agents on behalf of Questionmark Corporation and
unless Questionmark Corporation can prove it is not responsible for harm caused
by processing that is not consistent with the Privacy Shield principles.
Any
conflict between this privacy policy and the Privacy Shield principles in
respect of personal information received by Questionmark Corporation from the
EU and Switzerland shall be resolved in favor of the Privacy Shield principles.
Questionmark
Corporation is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal
Trade Commission in respect of personal information within the scope of the
EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework.
Questionmark Corporation commits to cooperating with the EU Data Protection
Authorities and Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner in
conformance with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and Swiss-U.S. Privacy
Shield Framework and will comply with any advice given by such authorities.
Access and other rights that you have
You can
view, edit or delete personal information in your Questionmark website user
account profile at any time by logging in at https://support.questionmark.com/user?checked=1.
You may
request access to your personal information in order to review, correct or
delete any personal information Questionmark retains about you by:
sending an email request to Questionmark’s Data Protection
Officer at privacy@questionmark.com.mailing a request, via regular mail, postage pre-paid in the US
to Privacy Officer, Questionmark Corporation, 35 Nutmeg Drive, Suite 330,
Trumbull, CT 06611, in Germany to Data Protection Officer, Questionmark GmbH, Hopfenstr.
8, 80335 Munich, Germany or in other countries to Data Protection Officer,
Questionmark Computing Ltd, Moor Place, 1 Fore Street, London EC2Y 9DT, United
Kingdom.
In your
request, please clearly state what personal information you would like to have
access to. Questionmark will respond to requests within 30 days.
EU
residents have rights to access personal information stored about them and to
limit its use and disclosure. This includes the right to request access to and
rectification or erasure of personal information or restriction of or objection
to processing, as well as the right to data portability and to withdraw consent
to processing of personal information. Questionmark’s customers store
personal information within our systems and therefore if you want to receive
access to, limit the use of, or limit disclosure of, your personal information
received by Questionmark as part of an assessment process administered by an
assessment sponsor, you should ask for this via the assessment sponsor. Similar
rights exist for California consumers under the California Consumer Privacy Act
2018, if the assessment sponsor is a business covered by that law. If you are a
California consumer, you should contact the assessment sponsor directly to most
quickly exercise the rights you may have.
Where
you have provided personal information directly to Questionmark, such as when
registering for a Questionmark website user account or purchasing services on
our website, Questionmark will on request provide you with the personal
information it retains about you in accordance with applicable data protection
law and the Privacy Shield principles.
Retention of personal data
Questionmark
retains personal information for as long as is necessary to provide its
services which includes prudent, limited duration archive retention, for
compliance with legal obligations, to enforce our rights under agreements and
as permitted under applicable data protection law, including where relevant
subject to the requirements of the Privacy Shield principles. Retention periods
will therefore reasonably vary based upon the nature of the personal
information involved.
Where
our assessment sponsor customers store personal information within our service,
the assessment sponsor is the Data Controller and determines and is responsible
for the length of time during which personal information is retained.
Questionmark acts in accordance with the Data Controller’s instructions and may
not retain personal information contrary to these instructions.
Aggregation and quality assurance use
Questionmark
may from time to time use assessment or website personal information collected
for purposes of maintenance and operation of services provided to you,
including for internal quality assurance purposes, for instance to ensure that
new releases of software behave as expected.
Questionmark
has a formal data security policy that keeps track of any such data and carries
out internal exercises to ensure that it is not misused.
Questionmark
may statistically aggregate data in non-person specific form, and subject to
applicable law use this data for operations management, quality control,
security and marketing purposes and to improve the quality of our future
products and services, and subject to applicable law pass this to assessment
sponsors. Such activities on any personal information provided for assessment
purposes may only be carried out with the instructions of the assessment
sponsor for which Questionmark acts as Data Processor.
By
using our site or taking assessments, you give consent for such use. Except
where our use does not require consent under applicable law, you may withdraw
your consent to such use at any time by contacting us as described in this
privacy notice. The right to object to processing of your personal data under
the GDPR applies even when we process your personal data on a basis other than
your consent, such as based on our legitimate interests or to perform a
contract with you.
How we protect your information
To
prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, ensure the appropriate use
of information and protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of
information under our control, we have put in place appropriate physical,
electronic and managerial procedures to protect personal information we collect
through our website. Questionmark maintains a formal, internal data security
policy that is regularly reviewed and audited and which all employees are
trained on. More information on security measures employed by Questionmark can
be found at https://www.questionmark.com/trust.
Where
Questionmark acts as Data Processor, we comply with contractual obligations
required by assessment sponsors, including having in place appropriate
technical and organizational measures that are designed to protect personal
information processed by Questionmark as Data Processor.
Links to other websites
This website and our assessments may contain links to other websites on the Internet that are not operated by Questionmark. For the avoidance of doubt, this privacy policy covers only the Questionmark site and servers and not other websites or systems, even if linked to from Questionmark’s website.
Changes to this privacy policy
From
time to time, we may need to update this privacy policy. We reserve the right
to do so by updating this privacy policy which will be pointed to from our
website. The ‘last updated’ date at the top of this page will be modified to
show that a change has been made.
When
the changes are material, we will also inform you in advance of any changes
taking effect in our newsletter and/or otherwise prominently positing a notice
of such changes or by directly sending you a notification of changes.
We
stand behind the promises we make, and unless required by law will never
materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of
customer information collected in the past without the consent of affected
customers. We encourage you to review this privacy policy periodically for any
changes or updates.
Enforcement
Questionmark
is committed to working with individuals to obtain a fair resolution to any
complaints or disputes about privacy and personal information.
Questionmark
carries out periodic self-assessments to verify that its privacy policy and
practices are implemented as described and will take such actions as may be
required to address any compliance failures, including with reference to the
requirements of the Privacy Shield principles and applicable law.
Please
contact us if you have any questions or concerns regarding this privacy policy
or our practices.
Questionmark’s
commitment to privacy is demonstrated and documented by our adherence to
applicable laws, execution of the E.U. Standard Contractual Clauses with
relevant third parties and voluntary adherence to the Privacy Shield
principles.
Any
questions, complaints or concerns about this privacy policy should be sent to
Questionmark’s Data Protection Officer at privacy@questionmark.com or via
regular mail, postage prepaid, addressed in the US to Privacy Officer,
Questionmark Corporation, 35 Nutmeg Drive, Suite 330, Trumbull, CT 06611, in
Germany to Data Protection Officer, Questionmark GmbH, Hopfenstr. 8, 80335
Munich, Germany or in other countries to Data Protection Officer, Questionmark
Computing Limited, Moor Place, 1 Fore Street, London EC2Y 9DT, United Kingdom.
You may also call Questionmark and raise issues at our contact telephone
numbers on our website.
We will
respond to your concerns within the scope of the Privacy Shield principles
within 45 days or sooner if required by applicable law.
For
information collected regarding residents of EU member states and Switzerland,
Questionmark agrees to cooperate with the EU Data Protection Authorities and
Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner in resolving any
individual complaints or disputes with regard to this privacy policy,
applicable EU data protection law and Switzerland’s applicable data privacy
laws. Individuals in respect of which personal information has been transferred
to the United States from the EU or Switzerland may report privacy complaints
to their local EU Data Protection Authority or the Swiss Federal Data
Protection and Information Commissioner, including if Questionmark fails to
respond within the timescales referred to in this privacy policy or if our response
does not address your concerns.
In
respect of personal information within the scope of the Privacy Shield
principles, under certain circumstances described therein you may have the
right to initiate binding arbitration relating to this privacy policy or
Questionmark Corporation’s relevant practices once other dispute resolution
mechanisms have been exhausted.
How to contact us
If you have any questions or concerns about this privacy policy or how we have handled your personal data, please contact Questionmark’s Data Protection Officer at privacy@questionmark.com or using the contact information provided above. If we are unable to satisfactorily deal with your concerns, you should contact the bodies referred to above. Unless stated otherwise in this privacy notice or required by law, we will respond within 30 days.