https://www.lifelinedesign.ca/privacy-policy
877 543 3110
SALES@LIFELINEDESIGN.CA
Main Navigation
Home
Our Software
Content Management
Fundraising Platform
Association Software
E-Commerce
Marketing
Web Design
Print
Our Work
Blog
Contact
Lifeline Design's Privacy Policy
Your privacy is critically important to us.
Lifeline Design Inc.
@ Centre for Social Innovation 192 Spadina Avenue
5197717431
It is Lifeline Design Inc.’s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our website. This Privacy Policy applies to www.LifelineDesign.ca (hereinafter, "us", "we", or "www.LifelineDesign.ca "). We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting personally identifiable information you may provide us through the Website. We have adopted this privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") to explain what information may be collected on our Website, how we use this information, and under what circumstances we may disclose the information to third parties. This Privacy Policy applies only to information we collect through the Website and does not apply to our collection of information from other sources.
This Privacy Policy, together with the Terms and conditions posted on our Website, set forth the general rules and policies governing your use of our Website. Depending on your activities when visiting our Website, you may be required to agree to additional terms and conditions.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Lifeline Design Inc. collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Lifeline Design Inc.’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Lifeline Design Inc.’s visitors use its website. From time to time, Lifeline Design Inc. may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Lifeline Design Inc. also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on https://www.LifelineDesign.ca blog posts. Lifeline Design Inc. only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Lifeline Design Inc.’s websites choose to interact with Lifeline Design Inc. in ways that require Lifeline Design Inc. to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Lifeline Design Inc. gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up for a blog at https://www.LifelineDesign.ca to provide a username and email address.
Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Advertisements
Ads appearing on our website may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by Lifeline Design Inc. and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Links To External Sites
Our Service may contain links to external sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy and terms and conditions of every site you visit.
Www.LifelineDesign.ca uses Google AdWords for remarketing
www.LifelineDesign.ca uses the remarketing services to advertise on third party websites (including Google) to previous visitors to our site. It could mean that we advertise to previous visitors who haven’t completed a task on our site, for example using the contact form to make an enquiry. This could be in the form of an advertisement on the Google search results page, or a site in the Google Display Network. Third-party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on someone’s past visits. Of course, any data collected will be used in accordance with our own privacy policy and Google’s privacy policy.
You can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Preferences page, and if you want to you can opt out of interest-based advertising entirely by cookie settings or permanently using a browser plugin.
Aggregated Statistics
Lifeline Design Inc. may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its website. Lifeline Design Inc. may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Lifeline Design Inc. does not disclose your personally-identifying information.
Cookies
To enrich and perfect your online experience, Lifeline Design Inc. uses "Cookies", similar technologies and services provided by others to display personalized content, appropriate advertising and store your preferences on your computer.
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Lifeline Design Inc. uses cookies to help Lifeline Design Inc. identify and track visitors, their usage of https://www.LifelineDesign.ca and their website access preferences. Lifeline Design Inc. visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Lifeline Design Inc.’s websites, with the drawback that certain features of Lifeline Design Inc.’s websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
By continuing to navigate our website without changing your cookie settings, you hereby acknowledge and agree to Lifeline Design Inc.'s use of cookies.
Privacy Policy Officer:
Any questions should be directed to:
David Saraiva, Founding Partner
Lifeline Design Inc.
@ Centre for Social Innovation 192 Spadina Avenue
Toronto, M5T 2C7
Telephone: 519-771-7431
Email: Privacy@LifelineDesign.ca
Upon request, an individual will be informed of the existence, use, and disclosure of his or her personal information which is under our control, and may be given access to, and challenge the accuracy and completeness of that information.
Fill out the form below to get started
Your Name
Your Company
Your Email
Phone Number
Message
find out what we can do for you 877 543 3110
Home
Our Software
Marketing
Blog
Contact
Privacy Policy
Address
Lifeline Design Inc.
@ CSI 192 Spadina Ave.
Toronto, Ontario
M5T 2C7
Phone: 877 543 3110
Email: sales@lifelinedesign.ca
Copyright 2020. All Rights Reserved. Lifeline Design