http://www.shapeways.com/legal/privacy-statement
All Products
Shops
Designers
Solutions
Industries
Materials
Resources
About
Get a Quote
SIGN IN
Help Center
Solutions
Additive Manufacturing
Rapid Prototyping
Design Services
Get an instant quote
API
E-commerce Integrations
Marketplace
Industries
Medical
Consumer
Robotics
Architecture
Aerospace
Gaming
Drones
Education
Jewelry
Materials
Selective Laser Sintering (SLS)
Nylon 12 [Versatile Plastic]
Thermoplastic Polyurethane [TPU]
Nylon 11 [PA11 (SLS)]
Binder Jetting
Stainless Steel 316L
Steel [60% Steel / 40% Bronze]
Sandstone
Multi Jet Fusion (MJF)
Nylon 12 [MJF Plastic PA12]
Nylon 12 Glass Beads [MJF Plastic PA12GB]
Stereolithography (SLA)
Accura 60 [Clear]
Accura Xtreme [Gray]
Accura Xtreme White 200
Wax Casting
Copper
Platinum
Gold
Silver
Bronze
Brass
Selective Laser Melting (SLM)
Aluminum
Material Jetting
Fine Detail Plastic
Multi-Color Polyjet
Resources
Articles
Newsletter Signup
3D Materials Guide
About Us
Who We Are
Press
Careers
Contact Us
Cart
0
You haven't added any 3D printed products yet.
Shop The Marketplace
Search our Marketplace
All Products
Shops
Designers
Solutions
Additive Manufacturing
Rapid Prototyping
Design Services
Get an instant quote
API
E-commerce Integrations
Marketplace
Industries
Medical
Consumer
Robotics
Architecture
Aerospace
Gaming
Drones
Education
Jewelry
Materials
Selective Laser Sintering (SLS)
Nylon 12 [Versatile Plastic]
Thermoplastic Polyurethane [TPU]
Nylon 11 [PA11 (SLS)]
Binder Jetting
Stainless Steel 316L
Steel [60% Steel / 40% Bronze]
Sandstone
Multi Jet Fusion (MJF)
Nylon 12 [MJF Plastic PA12]
Nylon 12 Glass Beads [MJF Plastic PA12GB]
Stereolithography (SLA)
Accura 60 [Clear]
Accura Xtreme [Gray]
Accura Xtreme White 200
Selective Laser Melting (SLM)
Aluminum
Material Jetting
Fine Detail Plastic
Multi-Color Polyjet
Wax Casting
Copper
Platinum
Gold
Silver
Bronze
Brass
Resources
Articles
Newsletter Signup
3D Materials Guide
ABOUT
Who We Are
Press
Careers
Contact Us
Get a Quote
Sign In
0
You haven't added any 3D printed products yet.
Shop The Marketplace
Shapeways Privacy Statement
Effective October 12, 2020
Click here for archived versions
Introduction
Shapeways Inc. and its affiliated companies (“Shapeways”) process personal data on a daily basis. Hereby Shapeways adheres to the applicable privacy laws and regulations. Shapeways respects the privacy of the persons from who it receives information and handles that information in strict confidence. In this privacy statement, we explain what personal data Shapeways processes and for what purposes.
Shapeways is the controller for the processing and storage of the personal data. By Shapeways we mean Shapeways Inc. as well as Shapeways BV. Any personal data from customers and vendors are processed by Shapeways Inc. If you have any questions about the contents of the privacy statement, you can contact the Shapeways legal department at legal@shapeways.com.
Personal data
Shapeways processes different types of personal data for different purposes. The personal data and purposes involved are explained below. Shapeways has never sold, nor does it plan to sell in the future, personal data to 3rd parties.
The following chart details the categories of Personal Data that we collect and have collected over the past twelve (12) months. Throughout this Privacy Statement, we will refer back to the categories of Personal Data listed in this chart (for example, “Category A. Personal Identifiers”)
Category of Personal Data
Personal Data Collected What is the source of this Personal Data?
A.
Personal identifiers
Examples: Real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, Social Security number, driver's license number, passport number or other similar identifiers .
Name, Username, Shipping address, Billing address,IP address, Email address
You
B.
Customer records identified by state law
(including the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)))
Name, signature, Social Security number, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver's license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number or any other financial information, medical information or health insurance information.
Name, Address, Telephone number, Profile picture, Bank account number, Tax ID number.
You
C.
Protected classification characteristics under state or federal law
Examples: Age (40 years or older), race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship, religion or creed, marital status, medical condition, physical or mental disability, sex (including gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy or childbirth and related medical conditions), sexual orientation, veteran or military status or genetic information (including familial genetic information).
We do not collect this category of Personal Data.
N/A
D.
Commercial information
Examples: Records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
Products or services purchase history, Products considered, Products offered for sale
You
Third Party analytic tools
E.
Biometric information
Examples: Genetic, physiological, behavioral, and biological characteristics or identifying activity patterns, such as fingerprints, faceprints, and voiceprints, iris or retina scans, keystroke, gait, or other physical patterns, and sleep, health or exercise data.
We do not collect this category of Personal Data
N/A
F.
Internet or other similar network activity information
Examples: Browsing history, search history, or information on a consumer's interaction with a website, application or advertisement.
Browsing history, Search history, Click history, Messages sent between Shapeways users
You
Third party analytic tools
G.
Geolocation data
Examples: Physical location or movements.
Physical location
Third party analytic tools
H.
Sensory data
Examples: Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory or similar information..
We do not collect this category of Personal Data.
N/A
I.
Professional or employment-related information
Examples: Current or past job history or performance evaluations.
Professional experience
You
J.
Non-public education information
(per the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part 99))
Education records directly related to a student maintained by an educational institution or party acting on its behalf, such as grades, transcripts, class lists, student schedules, student identification codes, student financial information or student disciplinary records.
We do not collect this category of Personal Data
N/A
K.
Inferences drawn from other personal information
Examples: Profile reflecting a person's preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities and aptitudes.
“About me” description, expertise, and interests in Shapeways profile.
You
L.
Age or date of birth
We do not collect this category of Personal Data.
N/A
M.
Personal Data about children under the age of 16
This includes any type of Personal Data that relates to someone under the age of 16.
Children between 13 and 16 years old are permitted to use Shapeways Services, and the categories of personal information collected from these individuals are the same as for all other Shapeways users.
See above.
Implementation of purchase and manufacturing agreements
For processing and delivering your order, we need your name, e-mail address, delivery address, payment details and your telephone number. We pass along these data to third parties, e.g. to delivery services. We do so only if it is necessary for the implementation of the purchase agreement or any other agreement to which you are a party..
Customer service and delivery of our products
In order to provide customer service and deliver our products, we need your name, e-mail address, payment details and your telephone number. These data allow us to process your request, contact you, provide our services and keep you informed of the process. If it is necessary for delivering the products, we disclose your personal data to third parties.
Blog
By means of a blog you can review our products and services on our website. We ask for your name before posting the blog. The blog, including your name, is visible on our website. You can choose to leave an anonymous blog. This privacy policy does not apply in such cases, since anonymous data is no longer personal data.
Account
When you register on our website, we ask for your name and e-mail address in order to create an account for you. We also use this information, including your avatar, to enable you to communicate with other users of the website. When you send an order to us we need the data mentioned above.
Once you have provided us with your personal data in setting up your account, you will have access to that information so you can update, modify or delete it.
Profile
You can create an online profile on our website. Your profile can include (but is not necessarily limited to) your name, an image, username and short biography, if you choose to share that information with us. You can also choose to receive information from us about our services.
The information of your profile is by default public and will be visible in our online community. You can opt to keep your name private on your profile page. By accessing your personal profile, you can change your preferences.
Social media
Shapeways can be found on several social media, such as Facebook. We collect your personal data when you use functions on these websites and/or apps, such as a Facebook like or when you log in via Facebook. If you use such a function, we are able to obtain your personal data via our social media.
Financial data
We do not currently collect financial information, as that information is collected and stored by our third party payment processor. However, we may from time to time request and receive some of your financial information from our payment processor for the purposes of completing transactions you have initiated through the services, protecting against or identify possible fraudulent transactions, and otherwise as needed to manage our business. In those cases we will use best practices to protect your financial information.
Business Development and Customer Identification
Direct marketing
For acquiring new assignments, we collect commercially interesting information about companies, such as the position of a company within the market, the possible interest or further interest of the company in our products and the persons within the company who we wish to contact or have contacted. We collect the contact details of those persons, information about their visits to trade fairs, memos based on discussions and telephone conversations and visit reports. We collect similar information of suppliers and potential suppliers. This information is carefully organised and stored in a database that is accessible only by authorised employees. We do so on the basis of our justified business interest.
Recipients
Within the organization of Shapeways, we can pass on personal data.
Over the past twelve months, we have disclosed the following categories of your Personal Data to service providers or other parties for the business purposes listed above:
A. Personal identifiers
B. Customer Records Identified by State Law
D. Commercial Information
F. Internet and Other Similar Network Activity Information
Implementation of an agreement
Issuing your personal data to third-party organisations is permitted if this is necessary to fulfil our contractual obligations with respect to you. This involves processing and delivering your order. If it is necessary for the delivery of the products ordered by you or the services requested, we use a third party for the finalisation of payments. We also pass on your data to the deliverer as far as necessary so that the order can be delivered to you..
With our Powered by Shapeways Partners
Shapeways can share the data you provide through the Powered by Shapeways platform and checkout process with the partner affiliated with that particular platform. Our partners can use that data to contact you, improve their services and offerings, and other business purposes.
With your permission
We can transfer your data to other parties if you grant us permission to do so. That permission applies only when it is clear what you are granting your permission for and what the consequences are.
For external processing
We issue personal details to our partners so that they can process data for us on the basis of our instructions and in accordance with our privacy policy and other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. Our partners include our IT suppliers, analytics parties and the CRM system administrator..
For legal reasons
We share personal data if we believe that disclosure of the data is necessary in order to comply with applicable legislation, statutory procedures or requests from government bodies.
Except in emergency situations or when consistent with the Shapeways Terms and Conditions or this Privacy Policy, Shapeways requires valid and sufficient legal process to compel disclosure of records or information about Shapeways users. This process may include a subpoena, warrant, or court order. This process must contain enough information to identify the user's account and minimize the likelihood of accidental disclosure of information from unrelated accounts..
When we receive legal process from non-governmental third parties seeking records or information about a Shapeways user we may provide notice to that user. Such notice may include a copy of the legal process. Shapeways may also provide the user with enough time to appear and object to the legal process in court, if appropriate.
Our policy is to provide notice to users about law enforcement and other governmental requests for user information prior to complying with that request, unless prohibited by law. Shapeways may delay notice in cases involving the threat of death, bodily harm, or the exploitation of children. It is also our policy to provide notice to users about grand jury subpoenas seeking user information. If you are a representative of law enforcement or a government and object to a user receiving notice of a specific request, please provide legal justification when serving your request. Once the basis for non-disclosure has expired, we will provide notice to the user. All requests for access to user data can be submitted to service@shapeways.com.
For administrative reasons
We can pass along your personal data to promote the legitimate interests of Shapeways for internal administrative purposes. This involves the internal management within Shapeways by virtue of recital 48 of the GDPR.
In the event of a sale
In some cases, we may choose to buy or sell assets. In these types of transactions, user information is typically one of the transferred business assets. Moreover, if we, or substantially all of our assets, were acquired, or if we go out of business or enter bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of us or our assets may continue to use your Personal Information as set forth in this policy..
Statutory obligation
If a statutory obligation requires us to do so, we will issue your personal data. For instance, authorities may request data from us in the context of for instance a fraud investigation. Another example includes taxes. On the basis of Section 47 of the Dutch State Taxes Act (Algemene wet inzake rijksbelastingen), the tax inspector may request all data that are needed to levy taxes.
Shapeways imposes conditions on the recipients of your personal data to ensure that these data are handled confidentially and are secured.
Data Security and Retention period
We seek to protect your Personal Data from unauthorized access, use and disclosure using appropriate physical, technical, organization and administrative security measures based on the type of Personal Data and how we are processing that data. For example, Shapeways Services use industry standard Secure Sockets Layers (SSL) technology to allow for the encryption of Personal Data you provide to us. We do not retain your personal data for longer than necessary, unless we have a statutory obligation to retain your personal data for a longer period. If, for instance, you have provided your e-mail address so that we can keep you informed of our services, we will retain your data for that purpose. We will also retain your personal data as long as your account and/or profile is active. If you no longer want us to use your information to provide you services, you may close your account and/or profile.
Employees
Shapeways also processes personal data of employees, in the context of the employment contract and on a statutory basis. For information about processing the personal data of employees, reference is made to the staff manual.
Selection procedure
Shapeways collects and processes data of applicants by means of personal contacts, by post, by e-mail and/or telephone conversations. The information we collect includes the name, gender, contact details, motivation letters, training level and working history of the applicant. These data are relevant for following the selection procedure and will be removed no later than four weeks after the completion of the procedure. If you grant permission, Shapeways can store your personal data for a longer period in its administrative records, so that you can be contacted again if necessary in the future.
Transfer of personal data outside the EU
Shapeways may transfer your personal data from the Netherlands to a foreign country, and vendors established there. Countries within the European Economic Area (EEA) have a personal data protection level that is similar to the Netherlands. We may transfer your personal data with due observance of the general requirements of privacy legislation. We can do so, for instance, within our group for the benefit of efficient operations.
We will transfer your personal data outside the EEA only if an appropriate level of protection exists. For this purpose, Shapeways uses model contracts approved by the European Commission. We will transfer your personal data mainly to branches in our group for the benefit of our internal operations. We have, for example, branches and production entities in the United States of America.
Cookies
Shapeways is responsible for the optimal performance of its website. To ensure that the website functions properly, Shapeways uses technology that involves processing personal data, such as cookies.
A cookie is a small text file that is stored on the visitor's device (electronic appliance) when the site is first visited. Cookies are intended to collect information about a person, the website or statistics. Some cookies are also intended to improve user experiences of the website.
Types of cookies
We make a distinction between functional and non-functional cookies. Functional cookies are always used. These are necessary for the efficient operation of the website and process personal data only for the purpose for which these data are completed. For instance, the basket stores personal data for the processing and delivery of your order. Non-functional cookies process personal data outside your field of vision. That is why we always ask for your permission before using these cookies.
Non-functional cookies include analytics cookies. These cookies are not necessary for the functioning of the website. Analytics cookies show us which parts of the website need improving and, for instance, allow us to measure the popularity of certain pages. Non-functional cookies have a great variety of purposes, but they mainly enable us to improve our service provision. We can, for example, measure how often our website is visited and discover what information visitors are looking for. Analytics cookies are also necessary to help customers through the helpdesk.
We use the following non-functional cookies:
Analytics cookies
We use analytics cookies to collect statistics about the use of the website by visitors. By measuring website use, the site can be improved to benefit visitors.
The data stored include the following:
the IP address;
technical characteristics, such as the browser you are using;
the page from which you accessed the webshop.
Tracking cookies
These are cookies that are used to identify an internet user on a website. By using tracking cookies, we record the internet pages you visit. The information about your website visits allows us to derive your preferences and interests. We can use this information to make personal offers and improve our website.
Advertising cookies
We use advertising cookies to show personalised advertisements and to measure the effectiveness of an advertising campaign. The advertising cookies are necessary to actually show the advertisements.
Blocking and removing cookies
If you do not want our website to store cookies on your computer, you can indicate this in the cookie notice that appears when you first visit our website.
If you have previously accepted our cookies, this notice will no longer appear and you will have to remove the cookies yourself in your browser settings (if desired).
You can also opt to block the use of cookies via your browser. If you block the use of all cookies, our website will work less efficiently. We advise you to block only undesired cookies. You can do so in your browser settings. You can also opt out of AdRoll advertising cookies here.
When your personal data are processed using cookies, you can exercise the rights summarised in paragraph 6.
Your rights
You have a number of statutory rights with respect to us: access, corrections or additions, data deletion, limitation of processing, transfer of digital data and the right of objection. We explain these rights below. We also explain how you can exercise these rights with respect to Shapeways.
Right of access
Upon your request, we will inform you in writing whether we are processing your personal data. In our response, we will explain which of your personal data we have processed or are still processing. We will also explain the categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you, the purposes for which the data have been or are still being processed, the parties with which the data are being shared, the period for which these data are expected to be stored, and which other rights you can exercise. If we have disclosed your Personal Data for a business purpose over the past twelve months, we will also identify the categories of Personal Data shared with each category of third party recipient.
Corrections or additions
If you have received details about the processing of your personal data, you can request us to correct inaccuracies or to make additions to incomplete information. If we make corrections, you will receive a supplementary statement from us. That statement will also be sent to any recipients of your incorrect or incomplete data.
Delete personal data
You can request us to delete your personal data from our systems in one or more of the following cases:
– the personal data are no longer necessary for the purposes for which we have processed them;
– you withdraw your permission for processing or further processing and no other basis for processing exists;
- you lodge a motivated objection, and there are no urgent reasons for not respecting your objection;
- the personal data have been wrongfully processed by us;
- we have to delete your personal data on the basis of a statutory obligation of which we had no knowledge before you informed us thereof.
Limitation of processing
If you have noticed an inaccuracy or incompleteness in your personal data, you can request us to limit the processing for as long as we are dealing with your request. You may also request us to limit the processing of your data if you believe that we are wrongfully processing your data or if we no longer need them, or if you have lodged and objection against the processing or the further processing of the data. After the receipt of your limitation request, we will continue to process the data only with your permission or if there are compelling reasons for doing so (such as legal proceedings).
Transfer of digital data
If you have provided us with personal data and we have processed your data with your permission or in the context of implementing an agreement with you, you will be entitled to request a copy of these data from us. In such cases, you can also request that your data be transferred directly to another service provider.
Non-discrimination for exercising your privacy rights
Shapeways does not deny goods or services, charge different prices, provide differing levels or quality of goods or services, or otherwise discriminate against those who exercise their privacy rights.
Authorized Agent
You may designate an authorized agent to submit a request to know or delete your personal data. If you choose to use an agent, we may require that you first 1) provide a written statement granting the agent permission to act on your behalf and 2) verify your own identity with us.
Objection
You may lodge an objection at all times against the processing of personal data relating to you. That applies particularly to profiles and accounts that we have created on the basis of your personal data. We will cease processing your data following the receipt of your objection, unless we can put forward justifiable reasons that outweigh your interests, rights and liberties.
If we process your personal data for direct marketing purposes, you may object at any time and we will cease processing immediately.
Exercising your rights
If you wish to exercise one or more of the rights summarised above, you can submit a request to legal@shapeways.com. A request must (1) provide sufficient information to allow us to verify that you are the person about whom we have collected Personal Data, and (2) describe your request in sufficient detail to allow us to understand, evaluate, and respond to it. Shapeways will decide on your request within four weeks, unless we inform you within that period that we need a bit more time.
If your personal data is processed on the basis of your permission, you will be entitled to withdraw that permission. Any withdrawal of your permission will not prejudice previous processing on the basis of that permission.
Verification of requests
We will need to verify your identity before processing any request. To do so, we will attempt to match information contained in your request with information already maintained on our system. If necessary, we may ask you to provide additional information for verification. In the event we are unable to verify your identity through this process, you may be requested to provide a copy of your driver’s license or other government ID. All new personal data collected for verification purposes will be deleted as soon as possible after processing your request.
Complaints
If you have a complaint about the use of your personal data, please contact the Shapeways legal department at legal@shapeways.com. You can also contact the Dutch Data Protection Authority. This body is authorised to examine your complaint.
Any questions?
If you have any questions, please e-mail us at: service@shapeways.com.
This privacy statement is in accordance with the EU General Data Protection Regulation and the California Consumer Protection Act. We reserve the right to update this privacy statement periodically. The latest version will be published on this page.
Ready to get started?
From product development to industrial 3D manufacturing, we can help you scale your business.
contact sales
Services
3D Design
3D Printing
Business
Marketplace
API
Support
Contact Us
Help Center
3D Materials Guide
Community Forum
For Students
Shapeways
About
Blog
Press
Careers
Invite a Friend
Gift Cards
Newsletter Signup
© 2008 - 2020 Shapeways, Inc.
Privacy
Terms
Content & Copyright
Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Brazil
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Congo, The Democratic Republic of the
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Croatia
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Estonia
Ethiopia
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iraq
Ireland
Israel
Italy
Ivory Coast
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Korea (South)
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libyan Arab Jamahiriya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macao
Macedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic of
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova, Republic Of
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Namibia
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Norfolk Island
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestinian Territory, Occupied
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Réunion
Romania
Russian Federation
Rwanda
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
South Africa
Spain
Sri Lanka
Suriname
Svalbard And Jan Mayen
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan, Republic of China
Tajikistan
Tanzania, United Republic Of
Thailand
Timor-Leste
Togo
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
United States Minor Outlying Islands
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vatican City State
Venezuela
Viet nam
Virgin Islands, British
Virgin Islands, U.S.
Wallis and Futuna
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe
$ USD
€ EUR
$ AUD
$ CAD
£ GBP
Hello.
We're sorry to inform you that we no longer support this browser and can't confirm that everything will work as expected. For the best Shapeways experience, please use one of the following browsers:
Get Google Chrome
Get Firefox
Get Internet Explorer latest version
Click anywhere outside this window to continue.