https://www.xceed.com.au/privacy-policy/
Disclaimer and Privacy Policy
Intellectual Property Disclaimer
All title, ownership rights and intellectual property rights in and relating to Zeevo or any copies thereof including but not limited to copyright, logos, names, trademarks, service marks, design, text, sound recordings, images, links, concepts and themes are owned by Datalink Pty Ltd. Any reproduction, transmission, publication, performance, broadcast, alteration, license, hyperlink, creation of derivative works or other use in whole or in part in any manner without the prior written consent of Datalink Pty Ltd is strictly prohibited.
Disclaimer
In no event shall Xceed Pty Ltd or any of its affiliates or content providers be liable to you or any other party for any damages whatsoever, including but not limited to any direct, indirect, special, consequential, punitive or incidental damages, or damages for loss of use, profits, data or other intangibles arising out of or related to the use, inability to use, unauthorised use, performance or non-performance of this Web site, even if Xceed Pty Ltd has been advised previously of the possibility of such damages and whether such damages arise in the contract, negligence, tort under statue, in equity, at law or otherwise.
All material in the Web site is true and correct at time of upload to the Internet, but is subject to change without warning. Xceed Pty Ltd will endeavour to inform customers of any changes to company products/services and keep this Web site up to date.
This site may contain advice, opinions, and statements of various content writers. Reliance upon such opinion, advice, statement, or other information shall be at a User’s own risk. Neither Xceed Pty Ltd, nor any of its content writers shall be liable to any user or anyone else for any inaccuracy, error, omission, interruption, timeliness, completeness, deletion, defect, failure of performance, computer virus, communication line failure, alteration of, or use of any content herein, regardless of cause, for any damages resulting therefrom. As a condition of use of this website, user(s) agrees to indemnify Xceed Pty Ltd from and against any and all actions, claims, losses, damages, liabilities and expenses arising out of User’s use of this Site, including without limitation any claims alleging facts that if true would constitute a breach of use. A user’s sole and exclusive remedy is to discontinue using this website.
Privacy policy
This privacy policy sets out how Xceed Pty Ltd uses and protects any information that you give Xceed Pty Ltd when you use this website.
Xceed Pty Ltd is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
Xceed Pty Ltd may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 1 November 2012.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
Name and job title
Contact information including email address
Demographic information such as postcode
Budgetary estimates
Industry and Organisation name
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping
We may use the information to improve our products/services
We may contact you in regards to new services and quotations
We may provide you with information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided
We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about webpage traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to third-party websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest however, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Google Analytics Advertising Feature
Xceed Web Development Pty Ltd has activated Google Remarketing from the Google Analytics Adverting feature.
The Google Analytics Cookie is currently being used for (a) Remarketing with Google Analytics, (b) Google Display Network Impression Reporting, and (c) Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting.
No personally-identifiable information is being collected nor being shared with any third party. Personally identifiable information includes, but not limited to, email addresses, telephone numbers, and credit card numbers.
Website visitors can opt-out of the Google Analytics Advertising Feature that we use through Ads Settings, Ad Settings for mobile apps, or any other available means.
To opt-out for the web, please follow: currently available opt-outs.