http://www.twbhosting.co.uk/privacypolicy.htm
01205 357872
HomeHostingDomainsWebsite ManagerPrices
LoginContact
PRIVACY POLICY
Please read my privacy policy below
At The Web Builder, I understand that I have a responsibility to protect and respect your privacy and look after your personal data.
This Privacy Policy, explains what personal data I collect, how I use your personal data, reasons I may need to disclose your personal data to others and how I store your personal data securely.
For clarity, The Web Builder may be both data controller and data processor for your personal data under certain circumstances.
I must advise that this policy is subject to change, so please check my website on a regular basis for any further changes.
Data Protection law as from 25 May 2018
This Privacy Policy sets out your rights under the new laws.
Who am I?
I am Robert Fisher trading as The Web Builder, a Sole Trader, provider of hosting services, based at 148 Windsor Bank, Boston, Lincolnshire, PE21 0HR, United Kingdom.
How the law protects you
Data protection laws state that I am only able to process personal data if I have valid reasons to do so. The basis for processing your personal data includes, but is not limited to, your consent, performance of a contract, to enable billing and remittance, and to contact you for customer service purposes.
How do I collect personal data from you?
I receive information about you from you when you complete forms on my website, if you contact me by phone, email or otherwise in respect of any of my products and services or during the purchasing of any such product.
Your personal data may be automatically collected when you use my services, including but not limited to, your IP address, device-specific information, server logs, device event information, location information and unique application/transaction reference numbers.
What type of data do I collect from you?
The personal data that I may collect from you includes your name, business name, Limited Company Number, address, email address, website URL, phone numbers, payment information (SecureHosting UPG) and IP addresses. I may also keep details of your visits to my site including, but not limited to traffic data, location data, weblogs and other communication data. I also retain records of your queries and correspondence, in the event you contact me.
Please be aware that any video, image, or other content posted, uploaded or otherwise made available by you onto your website, whether published content or not, is not subject to my Privacy Policy.
I merely process such data on your behalf, subject to my Terms and Conditions and you are responsible for any applicable legal requirements in respect of your content.
How do I use your data?
I use information about you in the following ways:
To process orders that you have submitted to me;
To provide you with products and services;
To comply with my contractual obligations I have with you;
To help me identify you and any accounts you hold with me;
To enable me to review, develop and improve the website and services;
To provide customer care, including responding to your requests if you contact me with a query;
To administer accounts, process payments and keep track of billing and payments;
To carry out marketing and statistical analysis;
To notify you about changes to my website and services;
To provide you with information about products or services that you request from me; and
To inform you of service and price changes.
Retention periods
I will keep your personal data for the duration of the period you are a customer of The Web Builder. I shall retain your data only for as long as necessary in accordance with applicable laws.
On the closure of your account, I may keep your data for up to 7 years after you have cancelled your services with me. I may not be able to delete your data before this time due to my legal and/or accountancy obligations.
Who has access to your personal data?
Here is a list of all the ways that I may use your personal data and how I share the information with third parties. For clarity, I have grouped them into the specific products and services that I offer:
Domains
I process your data for administration, billing, support and the provision of services. Your data (Registrant) is shared with the domain registrar in the UK, who may
send it to a domain registrar outside of the European Economic Area (EEA), in accordance with their own Privacy Policy.
Web hosting and twbhosting website manager
I process your data for administration, billing, support and the provision of services.
SSL certificates
I process your data for administration, billing, support and the provision of services. Your data is shared with the service provider based in the UK that I am a reseller for, who
provide details of the certificate owner to the certificate authority for its authentication and use, in accordance with their own Privacy Policy (owner data to certificate provider outside the EEA).
Secure server (SecureHosting UPG)
I process your data for administration, billing, support and the provision of services. Your data is shared with the service provider based in the UK that I am a reseller for.
Third Parties
For the avoidance of doubt, I do not and never shall sell your personal data to third parties for marketing or advertising purposes.
I work closely with a number of third parties (including business parties and service providers) and I may receive information from them about you. These third parties may collect information about you including, but not limited to, your IP address, device-specific information, server logs, device event information, location information, and unique application/transaction reference numbers.
I may pass your personal data to third parties for the provision of services on your behalf (for example processing your payment). However, I will only ever share information about you that is necessary to provide the service and the service provider has specific contracts in place, which ensure your personal data is secure and will not be used for any marketing purposes.
I may share your information if I am acquired by a third party and therefore your data will be deemed an asset of the business. In these circumstances, I may disclose your personal data to the prospective buyer of my business, subject to both parties entering into appropriate confidentiality undertakings. Similarly, I may share your personal data if I am under a duty to disclose data in order to comply with any legal obligation or to protect the rights, property, or safety of The Web Builder, my customers, or others. This includes but is not limited to exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection, credit risk reduction and dispute policies. However, I will take steps with the aim of ensuring that your privacy rights continue to be protected.
Your rights
In preventing the use or processing of your personal data, it may delay or prevent me from fulfilling my contractual obligations to you. It may also mean that I shall be unable to provide my services or process the cancellation of your service.
You have the right to object to my use of your personal data, or ask me to delete, remove or stop using it if there is no need for me to keep it. This is known as your right to be forgotten. There are legal and accountancy reasons why I will need to keep your data, but please do inform me if you think I am retaining or using your personal data incorrectly.
My Privacy Policy shall be made clear to you at the point of collection of your personal data.
Accessing and updating your data
You must maintain the accuracy of your information and ensure all your details, including but not limited to, name, address, title, phone number, e-mail address and payment details are kept up to date at all times. Please contact me in the event that any data held is out of date.
You have the right to access the information I hold about you. Please email your requests to thewebbuilder@twbhosting.co.uk so that I can obtain this information for you.
Use of cookies
My cookies policy is available to view here: Cookies Policy
Links to other sites
The Web Builder may provide links to third party sites. Since I do not control those websites, I encourage you to review the privacy policies of these third party sites. Any information that is supplied on these sites will not be within my control and I cannot be responsible for the privacy policies and practices of these.
Where I store your personal data
All information you provide to me is stored on password protected spreadsheets/databases or on secured servers within the EEA. From time to time, your information may be transferred to and stored in a country outside the EEA in relation to provision of the services. The laws in these countries may not provide you with the same protection as in the EEA; however, any third party referred to above outside of the EEA has agreed to abide by European levels of data protection in respect of the transfer, processing and storage of any personal data. By providing your data to me, you agree to this transfer and storage. However, I will ensure that reasonable steps are taken to protect your data in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
As the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure, I cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to my site and any transmission is at your own risk. Once I have received your information, I will use strict procedures to try to prevent unauthorised access.
Any sensitive data (payment details at SecureHosting UPG for example) are encrypted and protected.
Where I have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of my website, you are responsible for keeping the password confidential. I ask you not to share a password with anyone.
Liability
I agree to take reasonable measures to protect your data in accordance with applicable laws.
Data Breaches
In the event of a data breach, I shall ensure that my obligations under applicable data protection laws are complied with where necessary.
Contact me
Please e-mail any questions or comments you have about privacy to me at thewebbuilder@twbhosting.co.uk
HomeHostingDomainsWebsite ManagerPrices
© 1999-2020 The Web Builder
TermsPrivacyLoginContact