http://www.samysdv.com/privacy_policy.php
310.450.4365Monday – Friday, 9am – 6pm Pacific12636 Beatrice Street  Los Angeles CA 90066 (map)
Google+
Home
About Samy’s
News
Videos
Seminars
Easy Quote
Cameras
RED Digital Cinema
Lenses / Adapters
Cooke Optics
Tripods and Support
Matteboxes, Follow Focus, & Accessories
Monitors & Recorders
Lighting
Pro Audio
Media / Film Scanners
Bags & Cases
Grip
Switchers / Mixers
Batteries & Power
Used and Demo Items
New Products
Specials
Digital Cinema Cameras
Broadcast & ENG Cameras
Compact & Handheld Pro Cameras
Pan-Tilt/Remote Cameras
POV & Action Cameras
DSLR, Mirrorless and CSC cameras with video
RED Camera Brains
Red Collections / Kits
RED Displays and Viewfinders
RED Lens Mounts
RED Media
RED Components
RED Power Supplies
RED OLPFS
Accessories for RED Cameras
Arri Cinema Lenses
Angenieux Lenses
Canon Cinema & Broadcast Lenses
Cooke Lenses
Fujinon Cinema & Broadcast Lenses
Leica Cinema Lenses
Schneider Cinema Lenses
Sigma Cinema Lenses
Zeiss Cinema Lenses
Broadcast ENG Lenses
CSC / Mirrorless Lenses
DSLR Lenses
Lens Adapters & Converters
Lens Controllers & Remotes
Other
Anamorphic/i
S4/i
mini S4/i
Camera Stabilizers
Sachtler Tripods
OConnor Tripods
Cartoni Tripods
Miller Tripods
Vinten Tripods
Entry-Level Tripods and Supports
Shoulder Mounts/Other Supports
Sliders
Jibs and Cranes
Aerial Cinematography Tools
Arri Pro Camera Accessories
Bright Tangerine
Tilta
Matteboxes
Follow Focus
Baseplates, Camera Bridges and Support Systems
Ready to Shoot Kits
DSLR and Mirrorless Cinema Accessories
Sony
JVC
Small HD
Panasonic
Marshall
TV Logic
Atomos
Projectors
Viewfinders
Wireless Video Transmitters
On-Camera Recorders
LED Lights and Lighting Kits
Other Lighting Kits/Lights
On-Camera Lights
Lighting Accessories
Wireless Kits
Lectrosonics Transmitters
Lectrosonics Receivers
Shotgun Microphones
Other Microphones
Boom Kits
Audio Recorders
Mixers
Audio Accessories - Boom Poles
Audio Accessories - Microphone Mounts
Audio Accessories - Windscreens
Other Accessories
Film Scanners
SxS Cards
Compact Flash Cards
SDHC Cards
XDCAM Discs
P2 Cards
Memory Stick
Tapestock
Card Readers and Storage
Proprietary Cards and Media
Soft Cases
Hard Cases
Jason Cases
Rainslickers/Underwater Bags
Panasonic
Sony
Datavideo
I/O Boards
Roland
Video Converters and Adapters
Streaming Products
Batteries
Chargers
Battery Kits
Battery Plates
Home > Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Samy’s DV & Edit (“Samy’s DV”) operates several websites and mobile services. It is Samy’s DV’s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we collect while operating our websites and services.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Samy’s DV collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Samy’s DV’s purpose in collecting non-personally-identifying information is to better understand how Samy’s DV’s visitors use its website. From time to time, Samy’s DV may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website. Samy’s DV also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses. Samy’s DV does not use such information to identify its visitors, however, and does not disclose such information, other than under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information, as described below.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain users choose to interact with Samy’s DV in ways that require Samy’s DV to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Samy’s DV gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who register with Samy’s DV to provide a username and password. In addition certain Samy’s DV services receive location information about the user, in the form of lat/long coordinates with a date and time. Samy’s DV services may also collect information on advertisements sent to users as well as ad redemption if applicable. In each case, Samy’s DV collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of Samy’s DV’s service. Samy’s DV does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Samy’s DV discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Samy’s DV’s behalf or to provide services offered by Samy’s DV, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Samy’s DV will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, Samy’s DV discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only when required to do so by law, or when Samy’s DV believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Samy’s DV, third parties or the public at large. Samy’s DV takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Samy’s DV uses cookies to help Samy’s DV identify and track visitors, their usage of the Samy’s DV website, and their website access preferences. Samy’s DV visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Samy’s DV’s websites, with the drawback that certain features of Samy’s DV’s websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Samy’s DV may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Samy’s DV’s sole discretion. Samy’s DV encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of Samy’s DV services after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Questions
If you have questions regarding Samy’s DV's Privacy Policy you may contact Samy's DV.
Licensing
This Privacy Policy is licensed under a Creative Commons Sharealike license. Information on this license can be found at http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/2.5. The Privacy Policy is attributable to WordPress.
Search by manufacturer:ZeissLitePanelsCentury OpticsGlidecamSteadicamArriApplePanasonicCanonSonyRedRedRock Micro
Digital Cinema the Easy Way!
Your one-stop source for Broadcast, Educational, Industrial-Corporate and Event Videography. We carry a full range of Professional HD Video Cameras and HD Camcorders, Pro HD Decks, audio, lighting and grip equipment. Digital Cinema is our specialty. Enjoy the same level of service that has made Samy's Camera one of the largest professional photographic equipment suppliers in the country.
Google+
A Division of Samy’s Camera
310.450.4365Fax: 310.450.3079School and corporate purchase orders welcome!
Visit:
Professional Camcorders
Professional Video Equipment
Digital Cinema Equipment
Professional Video Cameras
HD Video Decks
Film Lighting Equipment
Professional Video Decks
Contact Us  |  Employment  |  Terms of Use  |  Privacy Policy  |  Site Map  |  Newsletter SignupPrices subject to change. All transactions and prices must be verified and approved by Samy's DV & Edit before shipping.We are not responsible if a price is incorrect due to typo, misprint, or incorrect rebate deadline.
.Authorized Red Reseller.© 2015 Samy's DV & Edit - a division of Samy's  Camera. All Rights Reserved.
PMW-F5  |  PMW-F55 |  C300 Mark II