http://www.datasouth.com/dot-matrix-printers/index.php?main_page=privacy
Home
My Shopping Cart
My Account
Contact Us
Shipping and Returns
Log In
Home ::
Privacy Notice
Privacy Notice
What information do we collect? We collect information from you when you place an order.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number or credit card information. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.What do we use your information for? Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To process transactionsYour information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.How do we protect your information? We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, addresses, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.Do we use cookies? We do not use cookies.Do we disclose any information to outside parties? We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.Online Privacy Policy Only This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.Your Consent By using our site, you consent to our online privacy policy.Changes to our Privacy Policy If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will update the Privacy Policy modification date below.
Categories
Ribbons
Parts
Printers
New Products ...
Featured Products ...
All Products ...
Search
Advanced Search
Featured Products
Accel 7450 F&I Forms Printer$2,395.00
Printhead Fastmark 4602$450.00
Home
Privacy
Your IP Address is:
72.182.10.230
Copyright © 2020 Datasouth. Powered by Zen Cart