http://www.elephanthost.com/privacy-policy
ElephantHost.com
Home
About Us FAQ
Web Hosting Services Canadian Web Hosting
Web Hosting Sign-up
Reseller Program
Register Domain Name
Renew Domain Name
Transfer a Domain Name
Hosting News
Contact Us Client Login
Privacy PolicyWe take our client’s privacy seriously and do our utmost to protect their privacy. We work hard in the aim towards providing a safe and secure environment for all our client.
Our Privacy Policy
I. Overview (ELEHOST WEB DESIGN INC.) is strongly committed to protecting the privacy of its Client’s and of its interactive products and services. Throughout cyberspace, we want to contribute to providing a safe and secure environment for all our Client’s, Customer’s and Visitor’s.
While this privacy policy applies to the (ELEHOST WEB DESIGN INC.) site and all of the other Internet-accessible (ELEHOST WEB DESIGN INC.) branded services, we will refer here only to (ELEHOST WEB DESIGN INC.) to make reading this policy easier. The purpose of this privacy policy is to inform you, as a welcomed client of (ELEHOST WEB DESIGN INC.) Services, what kind of information we may gather about you, how we may use that information, whether we disclose it to anyone, and the choices you have regarding our use of, and your ability to correct, the information.
Finally, please note that this policy applies only to (ELEHOST WEB DESIGN INC.) and Web sites that carry the (ELEHOST WEB DESIGN INC.) brand, and not to other companies or organisation’s web sites to which we link. We have clearly marked (ELEHOST WEB DESIGN INC.) and these branded Web sites with our copyright information so you know where this policy applies.
II. Definitions “Client”: The trader being a company, partnership, sole trader or other organisation or any individual, which undertakes to accept (ELEHOST WEB DESIGN INC.) Services.
“Partner”, “Affiliate”: A third-party organisation that provides Internet development, hosting and/or Internet access services and/or other services to the (ELEHOST WEB DESIGN INC.) and/or Client.
“Services”, “Products”: Web Site hosting, Web design, Domain name registration, DNS hosting, email hosting and other related internet services.
III. Collecting Information About All (ELEHOST WEB DESIGN INC.) Web Site Visitors In general, our service automatically gathers certain usage information like the numbers and frequency of visitors to (ELEHOST WEB DESIGN INC.) and its areas, very much like television ratings that tell the networks how many people tuned in to a program. We only use such data in the aggregate. This collective data helps us determine how much our Clients use parts of the site, so we can improve our site to assure that it is as appealing as we can make it for as many of you as possible. For example, (ELEHOST WEB DESIGN INC.) uses a technology nicknamed “cookies” that tells us how and when pages in the site are visited, and by how many people. (ELEHOST WEB DESIGN INC.) cookies do not collect personally identifiable Information and we do not combine information collected through cookies with other personally identifiable Information to tell us who you are or even what your screen name or e-mail address is.
How our service automatically gathers certain usage information: 1. “Cookies” A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user’s hard drive containing information about the user. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on our site. Once the Client closes their browser, the cookie simply terminates. If a Client rejects the cookie, they may still use the site. The only drawback to this is that the Client will be limited in some areas of the site.
2. Log Files: We use IP addresses to analyse trends, administer the site, track Client’s movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
3. “Tell-A-Friend” If a Client elects to use our referral service for informing a friend about our site, we ask them for the friend’s name and email address. (ELEHOST WEB DESIGN INC.) will automatically send the friend a one-time email inviting them to visit the site. (ELEHOST WEB DESIGN INC.) does not store this information as it is a one-time email.
IV. Collecting Personal or any Specific Information via On-Line Forms Sometimes, we may specifically ask for information about you when you sign up to use a service, like “My Account”, or when you order a product or ask us for the Service Quote. We will need certain information — such as name, Internet address, billing address, type of computer, credit card number — in order to provide that service or product to you. We may also use that information to let you know of additional products and services about which you might be interested.
How we may collect Personal or Any Specific Information:
1. “Registration” In order to use some parts of (ELEHOST WEB DESIGN INC.) Website or gained information of some product or/and services, Client must first complete the registration form. During registration Client is required to give their contact information (such as name and email address). This information is used to contact the user about the services on our site for which they have expressed interest.
2. “On-Line Payment”, “Shopping Cart” We request information from the Client in our order form and/or service payment form. Here Client must provide contact information (like name and billing address) and financial information (like credit card number, expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill Client’s orders. If we have trouble processing an order, this contact information is used to get in touch with the Client.
V. Use, Collection and Retention of Client Information (ELEHOST WEB DESIGN INC.) collects, retains and uses only the information about our Client’s that is required by law to administer (ELEHOST WEB DESIGN INC.) business and provide high-level services to our Client’s. We retain this information no longer than necessary to meet these objectives.
VI. Maintenance of Accurate Information (ELEHOST WEB DESIGN INC.) has established procedures so that a Client’s financial and personally identifiable information is accurate, current and complete in accordance with reasonable commercial standards. Any request to correct inaccurate information is responded to within a timely manner.
VII. Limiting Employee Access to Information All (ELEHOST WEB DESIGN INC.) employees are educated about the importance of privacy and confidentiality. Only those employees having a business reason for knowing such information have access to personally identifiable information.
VIII. Protection of Information via Established Security Procedures (ELEHOST WEB DESIGN INC.) maintains rigorous security standards and procedures regarding unauthorised access to Client information. Therefore we do not store very sensitive information such as Credit Card Information in an on-line database for your protection.
IX. Maintaining Client Privacy in Business Relationships with Third Parties We do not use or disclose information about your individual visits to (ELEHOST WEB DESIGN INC.) Sites or information that you may give us, such as your name, address, e-mail address or telephone number, to any outside companies. But sometimes it is necessary to provide personally identifiable Client information to a third party, (ELEHOST WEB DESIGN INC.) shall insist that the third party adheres to similar privacy principles that are provided for keeping such information confidential.
X. Restrictions on the Disclosure of Account Information (ELEHOST WEB DESIGN INC.) provides information about Client’s accounts or other personally identifiable data to third parties only when: 1) The information is provided to help complete a Client initiated transaction 2) The Client requires it 3) The disclosure is required by/or allowed by law 4) It is necessary to process transactions and provide our services.
XI. Disclosure of Privacy Principles to Clients (ELEHOST WEB DESIGN INC.) Client’s have the right to know what information we keep about them and how the information is used. Client’s have the right to have any inaccurate information corrected or deleted.
XII. Unsolicited E-mail Circulars Policy Unsolicited email circulars (SPAM) – are becoming an increasing nuisance to Internet users. These mass direct mail-shots can cause inconvenience, annoyance and expense to recipients. (ELEHOST WEB DESIGN INC.) does not condone such practices in any form, nor do we sanction such applications by other websites.
XIII. (ELEHOST WEB DESIGN INC.) Privacy Policy Changes If we decide to change our privacy policy for (ELEHOST WEB DESIGN INC.), we will post those changes here so that you will always know what information we gather, how we might use that information and whether we will disclose it to anyone.
XIV. Resume All services provided by (ELEHOST WEB DESIGN INC.) to the Client are subject to the above Global Privacy Policy and our standard Terms and Conditions.
Need help? Call our support at (+1) 416-203-6798 or
Send e-mail
The Web Hosting ExpertsPrivacy Policy03.14.2018