https://www.usatoday.com/story/money/2019/12/17/homes-sale-renovations-help-sell-your-house/4385119002/
MONEYHomes for sale: Which remodeling projects will help you sell your houseAndria ChengSpecial to USA TODAYJay Rinehart, a realtor in Rock Hill, South Carolina, took over a listing for a house that couldn't sell after going on the market last year.One of the things he did was ask the seller to swap out an old bathtub faucet so it was consistent with the sink faucet installed in a remodeling a few years earlier. His team also helped stage the kitchen that had been renovated. “We got an offer within 30 days on the market,” says Rinehart, who’s been a realtor for 31 years. Potential buyers commented that "the bathroom and the kitchen look great.”For owners interested in selling their houses, where and how much work is needed beyond basic repairs remain big questions. Choosing the right projects can mean the difference between a house selling at or above the offering price and one that sits on the market losing value. “Houses sell without renovation and improvement” all the time, says Deborah Baisden, a realtor in Virginia Beach, Virginia. But “it’s gonna sell faster if you do some improvement. That can really separate your house in the market place.”Protecting your 401(k):Trade war headlines can spook stocks. What should you do? Hottest collective cars:The top 10 affordable classic cars of 2020The first 30 to 45 days are critical for sellers when the value of their house is at the highest, she says. Here are some things home sellers should consider:What’s trending in the market?Prospective sellers should talk to their area realtors and ask, “How do I compare to the rest of the market?” Rinehart says. Ask about popular features a remodeling project should have. In kitchens, for instance, farm sinks that are deeper than traditional ones are increasingly popular with younger buyers the past two years, thanks to the influence of home makeover shows, he says. “Buyers’ expectations have risen because of TV shows about home remodeling and home buying,” says Jessica Lautz, vice president of demographics and behavioral insights at the National Association of Realtors. “Talk to a local expert to understand the local taste and what’s selling," she says. "It’s not one size fits all.”Which renovations matter most?Two of the biggest remodeling investments sellers can make are in the kitchen and master bathroom, which can cost $15,000 to $30,000 each, and up to $50,000 in big cities, Rinehart says. “Most of the time, buyers are looking for where they spend most of their time,” he says. On the other hand, repainting a children’s bedroom that was in purple or pink can wait or be skipped, he says. There are cheaper and faster alternatives for sellers who don't have the budget for complete makeovers. One of Rinehart’s clients opted to spray paint an old bathroom without structural problems in a neutral tone, replacing the dated look of the original pink tile floors.  “That’s a lot cheaper than ripping out and doing the entire bathroom, and you get the same presentation,” he says.Some projects get bigger bang for buckRemodeling master bathrooms and kitchens may preoccupy home sellers, but they aren’t necessarily where owners can recoup most of their money. Sellers recover, on average, about 60% of their kitchen and bathroom renovation costs, according to the 2019 Remodeling Impact Report from the NAR and the National Association of the Remodeling Industry.“You’ll never get dollar for dollar out of the renovation,” Baisden says.For sellers on a tighter budget, Baisden advises starting with projects such as painting and flooring. Set a budget of about $2,000 for the painting and $4,000 for flooring. Another worthwhile project is decluttering. Rinehart emphasizes the importance of painting: “So many sellers defer painting. It’s an easy way to freshen up the house.” If painting the whole house isn’t an option, prioritize painting the front door where buyers walk in and parts of the house that are in high-traffic zones, including hallways, entryways and kitchens, he says. Don’t overlook outside work. Sellers can recover about three times the cost of $300 spent on a lawn and seeding service, says Lautz, who stresses the strong selling points of a well-maintained lawn. “It’s really curb appeal at the end of the day.”