http://www.iconfactory.com/privacy
Iconfactory Privacy Policy
The Iconfactory respects your privacy. The following is a quick explanation of when and why we might collect your data and what we do with it.
This policy went into effect on March 4, 2018.
What We Collect
The Iconfactory collects personal information when you purchase a product on this website. Your details, such as name, address, and credit card number, are used to process a financial transaction. This information is always encrypted in transit and stored securely only as long as it's needed. Your payment information is kept for a maximum of 120 days so we can issue invoices, receipts, and refunds for your purchase (during that time we only store the last 4 digits of your credit card.) Your name and email is kept indefinitely so we can send you product registration information and offer discounts on future products. If you'd like any of this information to be deleted at any time, please contact webmaster@iconfactory.com.
If you purchase one of our products on the iTunes App Store, you'll be using Apple Inc.'s billing software to process purchases. As a result, you may be asked to provide personal information to Apple in order to complete a financial transaction. The Iconfactory does not have access to any of this information.
Some of our products also use Apple Inc.'s iCloud software to manage your data. You may be asked to provide personal information when logging into this system. The Iconfactory does not have access to any of this information.
We may collect information that you send directly to us (for example, when seeking support, sending us questions or comments, or reporting a problem). We only keep this data as long as it's needed to provide service.
The Iconfactory also maintains several mailing lists for announcements about products and services. When you sign up for one of these lists, you provide an email address and (optionally) your name. A confirmation email and every message we send thereafter will include instructions for updating or deleting your account.
What’s Private
The communications you send to us will be kept private (unless sent in a public forum such as Twitter). If we want to use something you've said in private, such as for marketing purposes, we will ask for your permission.
We do not share personal information with third parties.
We reserve the right to disclose personal information when doing so is deemed necessary to comply with the law or law enforcement, to prevent fraud or abuse, or to protect our legal rights.
Uses of Your Personal Information
We take securing your data and preserving your privacy very seriously.
We do not and will not sell your data. Please contact webmaster@iconfactory.com if you want any of your personal data removed.
Any information used and held by our apps is inaccessible to us and can be deleted at any time by uninstalling the app. If you're using iCloud, you can also manually delete any document folders.
On request, we will give you a copy of all the personal information about you that we may hold. This information is subject to a fee not exceeding the prescribed fee permitted by law.
We will protect all information we receive in accordance with this privacy policy.
Changes to this privacy policy will posted on our website.