http://www.baanboard.com/terms_of_service?s=49f70d41686e5bc23ff2f5ccd200999e
FAQ -
Sponsors -
Staff
Baanboard.com
Terms Of Service
User login
Username: *
Password:
Remember me
Create new accountRequest new password
Frontpage Sponsor
Main
Frontpage
Forum
Jobs
NewsStories
RSS NewsfeedsCategoriesERP
Geek
Industry & Technology
Opinion
Security
Sources
Calendar
Contact
Polls
Web Links
Poll
As a Customer What would do to keep your ERP Implementation intactProactively define Business Process-- Take the Project Ownership56%Handover everything to System Integrator from drawing BP till implementation of ERP11%Hire more inhouse skilled & capable IT Resource to work directly with SI33%Rely on SI Architects/Consultants0%Total votes: 9Older polls
Baanboard at LinkedIn
Reference Content
BaanERP Tutorial
Programmer's Manual
Terms Of Service
English
By patvdv at 15 Apr 2008 - 23:10
General information
This website and the information it contains may be used on the condition that the terms and conditions of use hereafter are fully complied with. By using this website you, hereafter referred to as "the user", are deemed to have accepted the terms and conditions (aka Terms of Service).
Baanboard reserves the right to change the information on this website at any time and at its own discretion without prior notice.
Baanboard does not represent or endorse the accuracy or reliability of
any of the information, content contained on, distributed through, or linked,
downloaded or accessed from any of the services contained on this site, nor the
quality of any products, information or other materials displayed, purchased, or
obtained by you. You hereby acknowledge that any reliance upon this site shall
be at your sole risk.
The consultation or use of this website
in any of the different languages, shall automatically imply
full acceptance of these Terms of Service ("TOS").
Third-party promotions and publicity
This website may use banners to display promotions for products and services provided by third parties. By clicking on these banners the user is directed to a third-party website. Baanboard.com accepts no liability for the content of the publicity and the conditions applying to the promotions offered by third parties. These are the responsibility of such third parties. If the user wishes to respond to the offer, or intends in any way to conclude any transactions with such a third party, or has complaints with regard to such promotions or publicity, the user always has to contact the third party.
Intellectual property rights
Where Baanboard gives users the possibility of having their own contributions or images put on this website, the user may not send in any works that are protected by intellectual property rights, unless he(she) owns these rights or has obtained the required permissions from the owner of the intellectual property rights to have these works published on the website. By having his(her) works or images published on the website, the user expressly gives Baanboard the right to publish these works and images on its website without any compensation. The user shall in any case indemniny Baanboard against any claims from third parties.
Disruptions
Baanboard does the best it can to make sure that there are no disruptions in the availability of this website, and disclaims any liability for any loss or damage the user may suffer as a consequence of these disruptions.
Baanboard does not guarantee that the files contained on the website are compatible with the user's infrastructure. The user should see to it that they have the appropriate IT hardware and software, including security software (e.g. firewall, anti-virus software etc.).
Links to third-party websites
This website contains links to websites operated by third parties. These links were solely put on the website for the information of the user. Baanboard cannot guarantee the reliability, accuracy or quality of the contents of such websites and consequently disclaims all liability. A link to a third-party website does not imply that Baanboard.com has concluded a cooperation agreement with such third party or that Baanboard.com approves of the information supplied on such websites.
Unauthorized use of the website
The users of this website agree that they will not:
wrongfully or unlawfully use the information on this website;
use the website in any way that may damage or alter it, disrupt its availability or affect its efficiency in any way;
use the website for transmitting or posting computer viruses, unlawful or wrongfully obtained material, or material that is in any way inappropriate, including but not limited to libellous, obscene or intimidating material;
use the website in any way that violates the rights of a natural person, a legal person or association, including but not limited to privacy rights and intellectual property rights;
use the website for posting or transmitting material for promotional or publicity ends.
Baanboard reserves the right to to remove contributions and ban and/or remove such user from its site if its interests or the interests of a third party are harmed as a result of the violation of the above provisions or any other action by the user.
Cookies
This website will use so-called "cookies". A cookie is a bit of information that we write to the hard drive of your computer. Each time you visit our website this information is sent back to the website manager. We only use this information to verify your identity so that you do not have to enter your user name and password on each visit. Users can set up their browser to warn them each time a cookie is created or to prevent the creation of cookies.
Personal data
The user is free to use this website to consult information about our organisation and services without having to provide any personal details. Only to participate in contests or for the use of specific services on this website does the user have to provide personal details. Whenever the user provides personal details, Baanboard will treat these in conformity with the baanboard.com's Privacy Policy and the legal obligation with regard to the processing of personal data.
Sometimes the user needs a password to view certain sections of the website. In such cases it is strictly forbidden to access these sections without a password. If the user received such a password, this password shall be kept secret and confidential. Every use made of our services after valid identification with your password will be deemed to have been made by you. If the security of the website is at risk, Baanboard has the right to cancel the user's password and/or account.
Resumes and Job applications
Please read our Privacy Policy carefully prior to disclosing any personal data. Please note that upon forwarding your personal information to a third party, we are not responsible for the use of the data by such third parties.
Please note that a job listing could be published by a company or individual that might use your personal data for purposes other than that intended. We cannot control this.
You should therefore check the identity of any third party to whom you send your personal data. For example, you should never send personal data to a private email address. We advise you not to supply a recruiter with certain sensitive data, even if they request this. Such sensitive data would include (but is not limited to) your personal ID number, social security number, credit card number and banking details.
Etiquette
Do not contribute off-topic material (except in the General Discussion & Chat forum).
Do not cross-post in the forum. Putting your message/question in one forum should
do the trick. You are however allowed to post a message in both an
English speaking forum and non-English
speaking forum. In that case, the message in the English speaking forum must
be in English.
Do not post advertisements in any other forums than General Discussion, 3rd Party Products or any of the non-English language forums.
Be polite and respectful in your comments and/or messages.
Use of attachments is allowed but limited to a number of file types specified
when posting and limited to sizes of generally 4 MB per attachment.
Do complete your user
profile with regards to the Baan software version, Database
software and OS version. This will help other members when answering any inquiry you may post on the website.
Do use the search feature to look for known
solutions before asking previously answered questions.
Use english only when posting in the forum (except for the specific language forums).
Do not delete forum posts or forum threads to which replies have been made. This
is considered very rude.
Do not request for Baan source codes.
Liability
Baanboard will not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential or punitive damages of any kind resulting from any goods or services purchased or obtained or messages received or transactions entered into through the Baanboard.com website, or resulting from loss of, unauthorized access to or alteration of a user's transmissions or data, including but not limited to damages for loss of profits, use, data or other intangibles, even if Baanboard had been advised of the possibility of such damages.
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Baanboard from any and all third party claims, liability, damages and/or costs (including, but not limited to, legal fees and expenses) arising from your use of the this website and the information, your violation of this Terms of Service or your infringement, or infringement by any other user of your account, of any intellectual property or other right of any person or entity.
Trademarks
Baanboard is not affiliated or related to any division or subsidiary of Infor Global Solutions. Trademarks or registered trademarks of any products, companies,
or organizations referred to on this website belong to those companies.
Applicable legislation
This website is governed by Belgian law. Disputes arising in connection with this website shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts at Leuven, Belgium.
Other
The baanboard.com Privacy Policy will apply in addition to these Terms of Service. The invalidity or incompleteness of any individual provision of these Terms of Service will not effect the validity of the remaining terms.
Average:
0
No votes yet
All times are GMT +2. The time now is 09:20.
Frontpage -
Privacy Policy -
Terms of Service
©2001-2020 - Baanboard.com - Baanforums.com