http://www.rackshare.com/domain/whois_privacy.shtml
www.
.com
.net
.org
.info
.biz
.us
.tv
.co.uk
.org.uk
.ca
RackShare » Domain » WHOIS Privacy Service
Manage your domain
Manage your Rackshare domain name.
Bulk Register
Bulk register your domain names!
Bulk Transfer
Why pay more? Transfer all of your domains to Rackshare!
Renew your domain
Renew your Rackshare domain name registration.
Questions?
Questions about registering domain names? Answers are here!
WHOIS Privacy Service
Prevent spam, scams, and identity theft! Protect your personal
information with WHOIS Privacy!
Every time you register a domain name, your name, address and phone
number are entered into a public database that can be viewed and
used by anyone.
This exposes your personal information to spammers,
telemarketers and other undesired third parties.
Protect your personal information.
Rackshare's WHOIS Privacy service allows you to retain your domain
name without having to expose your personal information to the
public. Here's how it works:
Your domain registration information, including the
Administrative, Billing and Technical contacts are masked with
generic information within public WHOIS databases. You still
retain full ownership and control of your domain name.
Requests to view your domain's contact information are
filtered and forwarded to you.
You decide whether to respond.
WHOIS Privacy Service is immediately available for .com, .net,
.org, .info, .biz, .cc and .tv domain names (this service is not
available for .uk or .us domains). Purchase WHOIS Privacy for your
domain name(s) today, and protect your private information!
Enable
WHOIS Privacy for just $4/year when you register a new
domain name or renew an existing
domain.
Getting Started with WHOIS Privacy
When WHOIS Privacy is purchased for a domain name, a
confirmation email is sent to the domain's Admin Contact. The
contact has 10 days to confirm the purchase, or the service will
not be enabled.
Once confirmed, the domain's information is changed to that
of the Tucows WHOIS Privacy Service (see Sample WHOIS Record Information
below).
All inquiries for the WHOIS information of a protected
domain that are sent via telephone or email are directed to
visit a web-based request form. Inquiries sent by registered
mail are scanned by Tucows, then forwarded to the Registrant via
email.
Requests are then sent to the Registrant, who is free to
respond to or ignore the inquiry.
Sample WHOIS Record Information
The WHOIS record for each domain name protected by the WHOIS
Privacy Service will contain the following information, as mandated
by ICANN. The service uses the mailing address of our Tucows registrar, as an
administrative address is required.
Registrant:
Contactprivacy.com
96 Mowat Ave
Toronto, ON M6K3M1
CA
Domain name: examplename.com
Administrative Contact:
contactprivacy.com examplename@contactprivacy.com
96 Mowat Ave.
Toronto, ON M6K 3M1
CA
+1.4165385457
Technical Contact:
contactprivacy.com examplename@contactprivacy.com
96 Mowat Ave.
Toronto, ON M6K 3M1
CA
+1.4165385457
Disclaimer: This domain's privacy is protected by
contactprivacy.com. To reach the domain contacts, please go to
contactprivacy.com and follow the instructions.
Terms and Conditions
The terms and conditions which will apply if you subscribe to
the Whois Privacy Service are listed
here in our
Domain
Registration Agreement.
Copyright © 2000-2014 Rackshare LLCAcceptable Use Policy - Contact Us