https://www.webserver.com.my/privacy-notice-pursuant-to-the-malaysian-personal-data-protection-act-2010/
PRIVACY NOTICE PURSUANT -
PRIVACY NOTICE PURSUANT
Contact Us
Office Hour:+603 2770 2833Extended:+603 2770 2803Email:sales@webserver.com.myTechnical Support:support@webserver.com.my
Close Support
Support
Privacy Notice Pursuant to The Malaysian Personal Data Protection Act 2010 (PDPA)
Introduction
Webserver.com.my is committed to the protection of your Personal Data and takes the matter of protecting your privacy as a high priority matter.
This Privacy Statement will give better understand the manner in which your personal data is managed and to give you the options available to you to access or limit the use of the information provided.
What Personal Data do we collect?
1. Name, Identity Card number and date of birth*
2. Contact details including address, phone number(s), fax number(s) and email address
3. Company details including company registration number
What are the purpose of collecting your data?
The personal data previously collected from you is being, and will continue to be used for purposes including without limitation:
1. to create account in Webserver.com.my
2. to operate your Account
3. to send invoices, reminders and receipts
4. to send inform new updates like new product or services launch
5. to conduct market research and/or statistical analysis
6. to identify and (if possible) prevent fraud
7. to reply to enquiries made via call, email, letters, faxes, or facebook
8. to register the domain name with Mynic
To whom do we disclose your Personal Data?
Your personal data will be kept confidential but such personal data may be provided to Mynic or Webnic for domain registration purposes.
Access to Personal Data
The Act allows you the right to access the personal data you have submitted. You may at any time update or modify the information provided to us simply by accessing ‘Update Profile’ on our client area, or fax an authorization letter to modify the information.