http://www.hei.biz/privacy.html
Data Protection Policy
German version Datenschutzerklärung
1. Responsible Controller
H.E.I. Informationssysteme GmbH
Wimpfener Straße 23
68259 Mannheim
Germany
www.h-e-i.de in German or www.hei.biz in English
Geschäftsführer: Dr. Helmut Emmelmann Phone: +49 (0)621
- 79 51 41
Fax: +49(0)621 - 79 51 61
Email: contact@hei.biz
This document applies for visiting this web site
reachable via www.hei.biz or hei.biz
including any direct redirects from one of our other domains.
Other websites of H.E.I. might have a different Data Protection Policy.
2.
We
respect your privacy, while visiting our pages we will not identify you.
Unless of course you decide to contact us voluntarily, e.g. by sending email.
There is no obligation at all to provide us with your personal data.
Unfortunately, however, we need your IP address to send you our pages,
so you cannot visit our sites without.
3. Processing of Personal Data
Here we want to inform you about our processing of personal data that
is transferred to us while you visit our web pages (in the following
short personal data).
3.1
Whenever you access a document (web page, image, script, 3D model, or general file) on
our web site, our system processes data and information about the IP
address, that was assigned to your computer, device, or router, technical information (e.g. type, version, capabilities)
about your browser, operating system, device, and network connection,
the name of the accessed document, date and time, and possbily the referring web page url.
We use this data to compile a document (web page, image, script, 3D model, or general file)
for you and to send it to your IP address.
Legal basis is Art. 6 (1) f GDPR. H.E.I. has
a legitamite interest
since this processing is required for the purpose of showing a web page,
and sending it to your IP, for making the web page and its underlying software
functional, well usable, and fast, and
for maintaing the security and safty of the server and the software.
Generally the personal data is used, while you visit our web site.
However, in order to ensure that all data is properly erased from
the web server software memory we need to restart the web server software,
which we do on a nightly basis so the data will be stored at most 24 hours.
For statistical purposes we log anonymnized IP addresses (16 Bit),
the url of the requested document without parameters, and
date and time, and error information,
not in connection with any personal data.
Whenever you try to access a non-existing, password protected, locked,
or erroneous document (web page, image, script, 3D model, or general file)
the data discussed above is processed as described above and an error
message is sent.
Depending on how you interact with our pages possibly different
images and other documents are accessed by your browser. This is
reflected in the data discussed above. For example if you view an
animation the associated images and 3D models are accessed. The same
applies when an animation uses icon-images to show 3D
performance. If you visit our website multiple times, this is reflected
in the data above, because your browser might not access but reuse documents
a second time. Depending on the browser, operating system and device
possibly different images and other documents are accessed, e.g. images
of variing resolution
3.2
Besides 3.1, we process personal data only if you provided that to
us voluntarily and processing is allowed or if you agreed.
In case we enter into further conact, e.g. because you email and
we enter a contract, we might provide you with another
privacy policy document. The data collected while visiting our web site
under this privacy policy will be used only for the purposes given
in this document.
3.3
We use external processors, a server hosting company 1&1 and external
developers to develop software, web pages, and to maintain the server.
These are bound by a contract that ensures confidentiality of the
personal data.
3.4
We do not pass on or sell personal data to third parties unless
forced by law, you explicitly agreed, or if
required for one the purposes given herein
allowed under GDPR
Art. 6 (1) f GDPR.
However, when leaving our site via a hyper link, your browser might (depending on browser)
inform the target site about the originating page.
3.5
You will not be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing,
including profiling, which produces legal effects concerning you
or similarly significantly affects you.
4.
Withdrawel of Consent
You have the right to withdraw your consent for data processing for the future
at any time. Please use the contact information below in 8.
The withdrawal of consent does not affect the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal.
5. Right to rectification, Right to erasure, Right to Restiction of Processing, Right to Object, Right to Dataportability
To the extend the law requires you have a right for rectification
about your personal data processed by us, a right to erasure (a right
to be forgotten), a right to object against processing of your
personal data, a right to restriction of processing, and a right to
data portability. This is detailed in GDPR Art 15-21 and paragraph 34,
35 and 37 BDSG. If you want to pursue one of these rights please use
the contact information given in 8.
6. Right to Complain
To the extend the law specifies
you have the right to complain to
the German state.
In our case to
the "Landesbeauftragte für den Datenschutz und die Informationsfreiheit Baden-Württemberg"
or to the
"Bundesbeauftragte für den Datenschutz und die Informationsfreiheit (BfDI), Husarenstraße 30, 53117 Bonn, Deutschland."
7. Security
This web site uses TLS 1.2 to encrypt the communication between your browser and
our server. If your browser supports TLS 1.2 the data transfer is protected using
this function. If you try to access our website non-encrypted with http
or via a redirect, you will be redirected to the encrypted version of our
page. The redirection itself is possibly non-encrypted.
8. Contact information for Data Privacy
In case you have questions about this statement, our processing of your personal data,
or if you want to
execute one of you rights, please contact contact@hei.biz,
H.E.I. Informationssysteme Gmbh, Herr Helmut Emmelmann,
Wimpfenerstrasse 23, 68259 Mannheim, Tel +49 (0) 621/795141, Fax 49
(0) 621/795161.
This page was dynamically generated by the web application development tool RADpage
© 1996-2020 H.E.I. All Rights Reserved
Homepage
Products
Consulting
Company
Privacy (Art. 13 GDPR)
Impressum/Contact