http://www.defcon-5.com/privacypolicy/
Privacy Policy
Search:
Defcon-5
Privacy Policy
Defcon-5 deals with sensitive information everyday, you can rest assured that your information will be respected, and protected to the highest levels possible. Most of the pages on our web site you can visit without giving us any information about yourself. However, there are circumstances in which we do need to collect information in order to provide services that you request. This privacy statement explains data collection and use in those situations. This privacy statement only applies to www.defcon-5.com; it does not apply to other online or offline web sites owned or operated by Defcon-5. In addition our confidentiality agreement applies to any and all transactions and data provided to us.
Collection of Personal Information
We will ask you when we need information that personally identifies you (personal information) or allows us to contact you. Generally this information is requested when you are registering for services, contacting us, or when purchasing services or goods from us. Personal information collected by www.defcon-5.com is often limited to e-mail address, country or location, but may include other information when needed to provide a service you requested.
Example: If you choose a service that requires payment, we will request personal information necessary for billing, such as your name, address, telephone number, and credit card number.
www.defcon-5.com also collects certain information about your computer hardware and software. This information may include your IP address, browser type, operating system, domain name, access times and referring web site addresses (site-visitation data). This information is used to maintain the quality of the web site and to provide general statistics regarding use of www.defcon-5.com and will not be shared with outside parties. We cannot and do not associate any of this information with individual persons, distribute this information, or use it in any manner other than for statistical analysis in improving our site to better serve our visitors.
www.defcon-5.com strives to collect the minimum amount of information from our visitors necessary in order to provide a host of various services and resources.
Use of your Personal Information
We use your personal information for the following purposes: To ensure our site is relevant and applicable to your needs. To deliver services, and updated information that you request. To help us create and publish content most relevant to you. To allow you access to limited-entry areas of our site as appropriate.
We will merge site-visitation data with anonymous demographic information for research purposes, and we may use this information in aggregate to provide more relevant content to our visitors.
Example: If we notice that the majority of our visitors are from a specific location we will adjust our content to serve them better with information that would be most relevant to them.
Defcon-5 may disclose your personal information if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Defcon-5 or it's site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Defcon-5, or (c) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of Defcon-5 employees, or members of the public.
Protection of Children's Personal Information
www.defcon-5.com is a business oriented site and does not knowingly collect any personal information from children.
Links to other web sites
Our web site may contain links to other public or private entities web sites, whose privacy practices we do not, and cannot control.
Use of Cookies
When someone visits our web site, a cookie is placed on the visitor's machine (if the visitor accepts cookies) or is read if the visitor has visited the site previously. The use of cookies is to assist in the collection of the site visitation statistics described above, to pass needed information from one page to the next, and for some applications that use cookies to track a session through randomly generated ID numbers that cannot be traced back to any personal or private information.
If you choose to not have your browser accept cookies from the www.defcon-5.com web site, you will be able to view the text on the screens, however you will not experience a personalized visit. In cases of which the Application requires a cookie to track a session as stated above, rejecting a cookie will render the application useless.
DoubleClick DART Cookie
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on Defcon-5.com. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to users based on their visit to Defcon-5.com and other sites on the Internet.
Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy at the following URL - http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html
Some of our advertising partners may use cookies and web beacons on our site. Our advertising partners include:
Google Adsense
These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to the advertisements and links that appear on Defcon-5.com sent directly to your browsers. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. Other technologies ( such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons ) may also be used by the third-party ad networks to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and/or to personalize the advertising content that you see.
Defcon-5.com has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.
You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information on their practices as well as for instructions about how to opt-out of certain practices. Defcon-5 Inc's privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or web sites. However we do our best to monitor these advertising partners and make sure they do not misuse the trust with our visitors and Defcon-5 Inc
If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual browser options. More detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers can be found at the browsers' respective websites.
Keep in mind that by disabling cookies in your browser some functionality of the site may no longer work until the cookies are re-enabled. This includes but is not limited to the ability to login to the site, rate, or share content.
Defcon-5 only processes personal information for the purposes described in this privacy policy and/or the supplementary privacy notices for specific services. In addition to the above, such purposes include:
Providing our services, including the display of customized content and advertising.
Auditing, research and analysis in order to maintain, protect and improve our services.
Ensuring the technical functioning of our network.
Protecting the rights or property of Defcon-5.com users.
Developing new services.
Enforcement of this Privacy Statement
If you have questions regarding this statement, you should first contact www.defcon-5.com through our feedback form. If you do not receive acknowledgement of your inquiry or your inquiry has not been satisfactorily addressed, you should then contact our main office.
Changes to this Statement
www.defcon-5.com will occasionally update this privacy statement. When we do, we will also revise the "last updated" date located at the bottom of this privacy statement. For material changes to this statement, www.defcon-5.com will notify you by placing prominent notice on the web site.
Unauthorized Access
Unauthorized attempts to modify any information stored on this system, to defeat or circumvent security features, or to utilize this system for other that it's intended purposes are prohibited and may result in criminal prosecution.
Contact Information
Defcon-5 welcomes your comments and concerns regarding this privacy statement. Please contact us through our feedback form. Being a security company Defcon-5 is fully aware of the issues regarding privacy, and information protection. Please do not hesitate to contact us on any of your privacy concerns with us or our web site.
Last Updated: 05/01/2011 03:05 PM
About Us - Contact Us - Employment - Forum - Home
Privacy Policy - Search - Services
© 2020 Defcon-5. All Rights Reserved