http://www.groupboard.com/products/privacy.shtml
Toggle navigation
Products
Product Overview/Comparison
Groupboard Online Whiteboard
Groupboard Designer
Groupworld
Our Customers
Demo
Groupboard Demo
Groupboard Designer Demo
Math Tutoring Demo
Groupworld Demos
Get a Free Groupboard
Who's on now
Top 100
Support
Support Information
FAQ
User Manual
API
HTML/URL generator
Forgotten password
Newsletters
Forum
Contact
Customer Login
Groupboard.com Statement of Privacy
Groupboard.com is committed to maintaining the privacy of all customers
who use our site or buy any of our products. Group Technologies Inc. has
created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our commitment to
protecting our customers' privacy.
Collection of Personal Information
We currently only collect personal information from customers who
register for trial versions of our products. This information consists of
name, address and email address details, and is only used for invoicing.
For users of our free Groupboard, we only collect the user's email address.
We do not collect any personal information from end-users.
Some of our pages include Google adsense adverts and Google analytics, which are covered by
Google's privacy policy.
Dissemination of Personal Information
We will never distribute our customers' personal information to
any third parties. Additionally, we will never sell or distribute lists of our
customers' email addresses to any third parties. Users of our hosted
Groupboard will have their email address displayed on the "board list" section
of our website if they choose to mark their Groupboard as being public. In
order to protect against "spam", users may choose to not have their hosted
Groupboard listed.
Use of Cookies
If you were directed to our website from an affiliate, we will set one
cookie ("from=") when you first visit our site. We also use cookies
to remember whether you have installed the Groupboard app, and your login
details for the Groupboard forums. We also
use cookies for Google analytics (see here for Google's privacy policy).
Newsletter
We send an occasional newsletter to all of our customers. When you sign
up for any of our products (including the free Groupboard), you have the option
of subscribing to this newsletter. You can also unsubscribe at any time
by emailing info-contact@groupboard.com.
Server Location
Our servers are all located in Quebec, Canada, and no personal data is ever
transmitted outside Canada.
Contact
If you have any queries about this privacy statement, please contact
info-contact@groupboard.com.
Home
|
Contact
|
Privacy