http://www.epic.org/privacy/carnivore/
Carnivore
EPIC
Carnivore Documents
| Other
Resources
Significant New FBI Carnivore Documents Obtained by EPIC (Released
January 14, 2005)
FBI Report
to Congress on Use of Carnivore/DCS 1000 (pdf) (12/18/03) -- Reports
that the FBI used commercial software to conduct electronic surveillance
eight times in fiscal year 2003, and did not use Carnivore or DCS 1000.
FBI Report
to Congress on Use of Carnivore/DCS 1000 (pdf) (2/24/03) -- Reports
that the FBI used commercial software to conduct electronic surveillance
five times in fiscal year 2002, and did not use Carnivore or DCS 1000.
Other FBI Carnivore Documents Obtained by EPIC (Released May
24, 2002)
EPIC
Press Release -- "FBI's Carnivore System Disrupted
Anti-Terror Probe"
FBI
Memo on "FISA Mistakes" (4/5/00) -- describes how Carnivore
interfered with anti-terrorism investigation involving Usama
bin Laden
FBI
Memo on Carnivore Legal Questions (4/11/00)
FBI
Memo Responding to Carnivore Legal Questions (4/12/00)
Court
Order Authorizing Carnivore Installation at Earthlink (C.D.
Cal. Feb. 4, 2000) -- only known court decision addressing the
use of Carnivore, issued after Earthlink challenged an order
directing it to allow a Carnivore installation
FBI
Declaration on Carnivore Installation (1/31/00) --
submitted in support of FBI application for Carnivore order
On July 11, 2000, the existence of an FBI Internet monitoring
system called "Carnivore" was widely reported. Although the public
details were sketchy, reports indicated that the Carnivore system
is installed at the facilities of an Internet Service Provider
(ISP) and can monitor all traffic moving through that ISP. The FBI
claims that Carnivore "filters" data traffic and delivers to
investigators only those "packets" that they are lawfully
authorized to obtain. Because the details remain secret, the
public is left to trust the FBI's characterization of the system
and -- more significantly -- the FBI's compliance with legal
requirements.
One day after the initial disclosures, EPIC filed a Freedom of
Information Act (FOIA) request seeking the public release of all
FBI records concerning Carnivore, including the source code, other
technical details, and legal analyses addressing the potential
privacy implications of the technology. On July 18, 2000, after
Carnivore had become a major issue of public concern, EPIC asked
the Justice Department to expedite the processing of its request.
When DOJ failed to respond within the statutory deadline, EPIC
filed suit in U.S. District Court seeking the immediate release of
all information concerning Carnivore.
At an emergency hearing held on August 2, 2000, U.S. District
Judge James Robertson ordered the FBI to report back to the court
by August 16 and to identify the amount of material at issue and
the Bureau's schedule for releasing it. The FBI subsequently
reported that 3000 pages of responsive material were located, but
it refused to commit to a date for the completion of processing.
In late January 2001, the FBI completed its processing of
EPIC's FOIA request. The Bureau revised its earlier estimate and
reported that there were 1756 pages of responsive material; 1502
were released in part and 254 were withheld in their entirety (see
link below for sample scanned documents).
On August 1, 2001, the FBI moved for summary judgment,
asserting that it fully met its obligations under FOIA. On August
9, 2001, EPIC filed a motion to stay further proceedings pending
discovery, on the grounds that the FBI has failed to conduct an
adequate search for responsive documents.
On March 25, 2002, the court issued an order
directing the FBI to initiate a new search for responsive
documents. The new search was to be conducted in the offices of
General Counsel and Congressional & Public Affairs, and be
completed no later than May 24, 2002. The documents listed above
were located and released as a result of that court-ordered
search.
EPIC Carnivore Documents
Carnivore
FOIA Documents EPIC
Press Release on FOIA Lawsuit EPIC's
Complaint (PDF) Motion
for a Temporary Restraining Order (PDF) Response
to FBI's Report to the Court (PDF) Opposition
to FBI's Motion to Dismiss (PDF) EPIC's
Motion to Stay Proceedings Pending Discovery (challenging
adequacy of FBI search) (PDF) EPIC's
Reply in Support of Motion to Stay Proceedings Pending
Discovery (PDF) Court
order directing FBI to conduct new search (3/25/02)
Other Resources
FBI's
Carnivore Page Final
Independent Technical Review of the Carnivore System (PDF,
4.5mb) EPIC's
Comments on Independent Technical Review Executive
Summary of DOJ Request for Proposals for
Independent Review of Carnivore System (PDF) DOJ
Request for Proposals for Independent Review of Carnivore
System (PDF) "Model
Scenarios" for Independent Technical Review of the Carnivore
System (PDF) "Vendor
Issues" for Independent Technical Review of the Carnivore
System (PDF)
EPIC Privacy Page
| EPIC Home Page
Last Updated: January
19, 2005
Page URL: http://www.epic.org/privacy/carnivore/default.html