http://www.assistanttools.com/privacy.shtml
Privacy Statement
Home > Privacy Statement
This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site.
AssistantTools.com Company respect your privacy and we are committed to protecting your privacy throughout your use of our web site.
We use cookies on our web site only to collect general usage information, such as aggregated site-visitation statistics. A cookie is a small file that a Web site writes to your hard drive when you visit that site. A cookie is uniquely yours and can only be read by the server that gave it to you. It is a kind of your ID card and can not deliver viruses. Cookies can not read information from your hard drive or read information from other cookies. Cookies are not used to collect your personal information. You can disable cookies by using Internet Options of your browser.
Cookies help us determine what information is most valuable to you and therefore we can improve our services and the web site.
If you subscribe to our subscription services you are required to provide your name and email address. Your name and email address will not be shared with any third party no used for unsolicited email communication.
All personal information you will provide us during registration of our products (e-mail, first name, last name, age, sex, country, etc.) will not be divulged to any third party. It will be used for statistical purposes only. Such information help us determine how we can improve our software and services (for example, to determine languages for localization our software).
When you place an order online with us, we re-direct you to third-party web site, provided by one of our registrar. Each registrar has it own privacy policy, please read it before making an order.
We do not keep any credit card information as part of your product registration.
AssistantTools.com reserves the right to disclose your email address, name or any other information you may provide us with only in the following cases:
if it is necessary to comply with the legal request from a legitimate authority
protect the legitimate rights of AssistantTools.com, its employees and its affiliates and
act in urgent circumstances in the interests of our users and (or) in the case of public interest.
This site contains references to third parties web pages. We do not bear any responsibility for their privacy practices. To make sure your private information will be secured with them you have to read respective privacy statements of the third parties.
We reserve the right to update privacy statement from time to time. If we change privacy statement conspicuous notice will be placed on our web site.
Home|
Products|
How to use tips|
Downloads|
Purchase|
Support|
Press|
Articles|
News feed|
About Us|
Our Partners
Copyright © 2003-2012 by ManiacTools. All rights reserved.
Terms of Use|
Privacy Policy|
Site Map