http://www.spr.com/privacy-policy/
XThis site uses cookies and by using the site you are consenting to this. We utilize cookies to optimize our brand’s web presence and website experience. To learn more about cookies, click here to read our privacy statement. Skip to contentTERMS OF USE FOR SPRUnless expressly indicated otherwise, the contents of this website including design, text, content, selection and arrangement of elements, organization, graphics, design, compilation and other matters related to this Web Site (www.spr.com), pages linked to it inside the domain, sub domains, mailers and newsletters originating from the domain (@spr.com) are property of SPRI Partners, LLC. (SPR Inc.) and are copyrighted.Except as otherwise provided herein, none of the these elements may be used, copied, reproduced, distributed, republished, downloaded, modified, displayed, posted or transmitted in any form or by any means, including, but not limited to, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without our express prior written permission. By accessing this Web Site, you agree to the following terms and conditions. If you do not agree, you have no right or license to access and/or use this Web Site and should not do so.WARRANTIESTo the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, SPR Inc., disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. Specifically, but without limitation, SPR Inc., does not warrant that: (i) the information on this site is correct, accurate or reliable; (ii) the functions contained on this site will be uninterrupted or error-free; or (iii) defects will be corrected, or that this site or the server that makes it available are free of viruses or other harmful components.LIMITATION OF LIABILITYUnder no circumstances shall SPR Inc., be liable for any incidental, special, consequential or exemplary damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, this site or the information contained on this site, even if SPR Inc., has been advised of the possibility of such damages. In no event shall SPR’s total liability to you for all damages, losses, and causes of action whether in contract, tort (including, but not limited to, negligence) or otherwise exceed $1.PRIVACY STATEMENT FOR SPR INC.SPR Inc., will handle the information we learn about you from your visit to our web site in the following manner. The information we receive depends upon what you do when visiting our site.GENERAL BROWSING, LOG FILES & COOKIESIn general, if you visit our site to read about our services or download information about us, you can surf without telling us who you are or revealing any information about yourself:We may collect and store only the date and time you access our site; your IP address, the pages you visited and the Internet address of the Web site from which you linked directly to our site. We use the information we collect to measure the number of visitors to the different sections of our site, and to help us make our site more useful to visitors.COMMUNICATING THROUGH E-MAIL OR SUBMITTING A RESUMEIf you communicate with us using the e-mail addresses provided in the different sections of our website or use the feedback form provided in the website, your e-mail address will be used to contact you to send the information requested.By providing SPR Inc., with a copy of a user’s resume, the user explicitly and unambiguously consents to the processing of such resume by SPR Inc., its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, and existing or prospective clients. Resumes that are submitted to SPR Inc., in response to information on this site are forwarded to the appropriate persons within SPR Inc., for consideration and response, at their discretion. E-mail and resumes are retained or disposed of at the recipient’s discretion.LINKS TO OTHER SITESSome links on the SPR Inc., site may link to third party websites. These websites are owned by their respective companies & their privacy policies may differ from ours. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by SPR Inc., of the site, and SPR Inc., shall have no responsibility for information that is referenced by or linked to this site. We encourage you to be aware of their privacy policies before providing them with personally identifiable information.CHANGES/QUERIESSPR Inc., reserves the right to modify or amend this policy at any time. Whenever changes are made to the privacy policy, the same will be mentioned explicitly in this area under this sub heading. Any queries about our privacy policy can be sent to us from our feedback form in the contact us section of this website.