http://www.marketingsherpa.com/privacy
PRODUCTS
RESEARCH
EDUCATION
EVENTS
SERVICES
ABOUT
The World's Largest Research Institute
Dedicated to Discovering How People Make Choices
904.813.7000
Get In Touch
PRODUCTS
Conversion Marketing Training
Quick Win Intensive
Conversion Marketing Services
Conversion-centric Web/App Development
RESEARCH
Research Directory
Research Digest
Core Methodology
Patented Heuristic
The MECLABS Seal
Academic Partnerships
Academic Lectures
EVENTS
ABOUT
Our History
Media References
Available Speakers
Career Opportunities
Community Outreach
Contact Info
MECLABS > About > Privacy
Privacy Policy
MECLABS Institute and its family of brands, MarketingSherpa and MarketingExperiments, are committed to respecting and protecting your right to privacy. We will not rent, sell or barter your email address or other personal information to anybody unless you grant permission for this information to be shared with a sponsor in exchange for sponsored content. Sponsored content may include but is not limited to file downloads, videos and reports.
Your Personal Information
We may occasionally collect and capture some personal information with your consent for internal lead nurturing, specifically your full name, email address and company. This information may be used by MECLABS Institute and its family of brands to send you information about our services and to direct future webinar and event communications. If the offer is sponsored, we may ask you to agree to let us share this information with the featured sponsor of the specific access, webinar or event for which you register. Any use of this information by the sponsor will be in accordance with the sponsor's own privacy policy, if applicable. This information will only be available to the sponsor of the offer for which you register and will not be shared with any past sponsors or sponsor speakers. Any other use of this information will be in accordance with MECLABS privacy policy. If you ever have a problem with our use of this information and/or want to change or unsubscribe, feel free to visit our MarketingSherpa and MarketingExperiments subscription preference center, or contact Customer Service at service@meclabs.com.
CAN-SPAM Compliance
We will never send you an email blast on behalf of a third party. Furthermore, we will only send you emails related to any specific newsletters or topics that you explicitly signed up for with us. As a newsletter subscriber, we may send you very occasional invitations to participate in research questionnaires and to review the resulting data, or exclusive promotions for our offers and events. However, you can use our preference centers to add your name to our suppression “Promo Do Not Email” list. This is separate from our editorial newsletter lists, so you can be signed up for our newsletters but stop all promotional sends.
Cookies
We use cookies to understand and save your preferences for future visits. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. If you do not want cookies saved to your computer's hard drive, you can block cookies in your web browser.
We use cookies from SalesForce and Google. For more information about SalesForce’s privacy policies, please see its privacy statement here. For more information on Google’s privacy policies, please see its privacy statement here. You can also see Google’s data processing terms here.
Purchases
If you make a purchase from us, we only save the last four digits of your credit card. We process your payment information through Authorize.net. For more information on Authorize.net's privacy policy, please see its privacy statement here.
Questions? Concerns?
If you have questions, or concerns about your data and would like to change the way it is being processed or obtain the personal data for your account, please email us at service@meclabs.com.
Get our latest research delivered straight to your email inbox.
Research updates, case studies and analysis based on marketing experimentation
By providing your email address, you agree to receive additional content from MECLABS and its family of brands. We will not rent or sell your information.
Research Directory
Quick Links
Landing Page Optimization
B2B Marketing
B2C Marketing
Nonprofit Marketing
MECLABS Methodology
Site Optimization
Ecommerce
Value Proposition
Lead Generation
Marketing Training
Business Strategy
Online Testing
Email Marketing
Customer Motivation
Keynote Speakers
Conversion Optimization
A/B Testing
Customer Anxiety
Analytics and Data
Careers
Incentive
Customer Theory
Messaging
Subscription Marketing
Press & Media
Contact Us
Copyright 1997 - 2020 MECLABS LLC. All Rights Reserved.