http://www.seikisystems.co.uk/privacy/
Privacy
Seiki Systems’ Commitment to Data Privacy Protection
Protecting the security and privacy of your personal data is important to us; therefore, we conduct our business in compliance with applicable laws on data privacy protection and data security. Seiki Systems Ltd along with, as applicable, its parent corporation, provides this Privacy Policy to help you understand how we collect, use and disclose information, including personal information that you may provide to us or that we may obtain as you use and access our website. We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time, so please check back here periodically. This Privacy Policy sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us, including:
How Seiki Systems uses the personal information you share with us and that we learn about you because of our relationship when you use the Site.
What personal information, if any, Seiki Systems may share about you and the conditions we use to protect your information if it must be shared.
Other things you should know about privacy and Seiki Systems.
Personal Information includes information that alone or when in combination with other information may be used to readily identify, contact, or locate you or a specific individual.
Your Personal data
Through the website, Seiki Systems will not collect any personal data about you (e.g. your name, address, telephone number or e-mail address), unless you voluntarily choose to provide us with it (e.g. by registration, survey), respectively, provide your consent, or unless otherwise permitted by applicable laws and regulations for the protection of your personal data. You may also provide or we may collect data from you at a number of additional points, for example, when interact with us directly via email, you place an order for our products or complete our form at an exhibition, seminar, or conference.
This data may include your name, email address, telephone number, company, postal address & records of correspondence.
We ask that you do not send, upload or disclose any special category data about yourselves or any end user on or through our services.
We also work closely with third parties (including, for example, distributors, sub-contractors in technical, payment and delivery services, credit reference agencies) and may receive information about you from them.
How we may use your data – legitimate business interest
We collect and process personal data for carefully considered and specific legitimate business purposes:
To comply with our duties and exercising our rights under a contract for the sales of services to a customer
To comply with our legal obligations
The pursuit of our legitimate interests
Where we rely on consent as a legal basis for processing information, you have the right to withdraw consent at any time.
When you do provide us with personal data, we use it to respond to your enquiry, process your order, provide you access to specific information or offers and to support our customer relationship with you:
to provide you with information that you request from us
to carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us
to provide you with products and services that you order from us and notify you about any changes to our products and services
to provide you with information of products and services we feel may be of interest or benefit to you
to enhance, modify, personalise or improve (i) our communications to you; (ii) our website; and (iii) products or services for you, in accordance with legitimate interests
to send you direct marketing in relation to relevant products and services. Electronic direct marketing will only be sent where you have given your consent to receive it, or where this is allowed based on the pursuit of legitimate interest. You will also be given the opportunity to withdraw consent to receiving marketing or promotional messages from us each time that we contact you by these methods.
to identify and prevent fraud
to comply with applicable law and regulation
to enhance the security of our network and information systems
to monitor use of our websites and online services. We may use your information to help us check, improve and protect our products, content, services and websites, both online and offline, in accordance with our legitimate interests
to invite you to take part in market research, product research or surveys
Whenever we process data for these purposes we will ensure that we always keep your Personal Data rights in high regard. We do not sell or otherwise market your personal data to third parties.
You may withdraw your consent at any time, by contacting us at any of the following:
Email: sales@seikisystems.co.uk
Mail: Seiki Systems Ltd, Olivier House, 18 Marine Parade, Brighton, BN2 1TL
Phone: 01273 666999
Online: www.seikisystems.co.uk/forget-me
We will only keep your data for as long as it is necessary for the purpose it was collected. Please keep in mind that we may continue to retain your information after the conclusion of our business relationship, when that information is reasonably needed to comply with (or demonstrate our compliance with) legal obligations such as legal requests, or reasonably needed for our legitimate business interests. At the end of the retention period your data will be securely deleted.
Seiki Systems Ltd markets and sells its products and services through distributors and suppliers. To the extent it is necessary for these groups to provide the Seiki products and services you have requested and to provide their products and services to us, these third parties may have access to or process your Personal Information. If this happens, we will ensure that the transfer will be compliant with data protection law and all personal data will be secure.
Product Registration & Technical Support
Seiki Systems may allow its customers to register products online or through similar ways. Personal Information or data provided for such purposes may be used to carry out the request, service, or agreement for which the information is submitted. With your consent and as otherwise permitted by law, we may also use the information you provide in online registration forms to notify you periodically about important changes to the Site or Application (such as a change to this Privacy Policy or notice of a security breach), new Seiki Systems products and services, and special offers and promotions that may be of interest to you. If you register, we may ask for, among other things, your name, address, email, telephone number, type of product purchased, or other product-identifying information.
Recruitment and Job Applications
All of the information you provide during the process will only be used for the purpose of progressing your application, or to fulfil legal or regulatory requirements if necessary. We will not share any of the information you provide during the recruitment process with any third parties for marketing purposes or store any of your information outside of the European Economic Area. The information you provide will be held securely by us and/or our data processors whether the information is in electronic or physical format. We will use the contact details you provide to us to contact you to progress your application. We will use the other information you provide to assess your suitability for the role you have applied for.
Visitors to our websites – Non-personal data collected automatically
When someone visits www.seikisystems.co.uk we use third party services, Google Analytics, to collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behaviour patterns. We do this to find out things such as the number of visitors to the various parts of the site. We may aggregate this data (so that it is anonymous) and then use it to monitor the attractiveness of our website and improve its performance or content. This information is only processed in a way which does not identify anyone. We do not make, and do not allow Google to make, any attempt to find out the identities of those visiting our website.
This information may include:
The internet domain name through which you accessed the website
The length of the session on the website
Details of the pages on our website and the resources that were viewed and accessed
The web browser used by your device to access the website
Your device’s operating system and details of any websites that provided you with a link to our website (e.g if you used google to get to our website).
Use of cookies
You can read more about how we use cookies on our Cookies page.
E-Communications
We use a third party provider, Campaign Monitor (branded as Broadcast), to deliver our e-newsletters. We gather statistics around email opening and clicks using industry standard technologies including clear gifs to help us monitor and improve our e-newsletter. For more information, please see Campaign Monitor’s privacy policy.
Security
To protect your personal data against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss or alteration and against unauthorised disclosure or access, Seiki Systems uses suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we hold.
Links to Other Websites
Seiki Systems’ website contain links to other websites. Seiki Systems is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of other websites.
Your Rights
Under GDPR, you have rights as an individual which you can exercise in relation to the information we hold about you.
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by checking certain boxes on the forms we use to collect your data, clicking the unsubscribe button on any communication we have sent to you or by contacting us.
Where you have consented to us using your personal data, you can withdraw that consent at any time.
If the information we hold about you is inaccurate or incomplete, you can notify us and ask us to correct or supplement it.
You also have the right, with some exceptions and qualifications, to ask us to provide a copy of any personal data we hold about you.
If you have a complaint about how we have handled your personal data, you may be able to ask us to restrict how we use your personal data while your complaint is resolved. In some circumstances you can ask us to erase your personal data (a) by withdrawing your consent for us to use it; (b) if it is no longer necessary for us to use your personal data; (c) if you object to the use of your personal data and we don’t have a good reason to continue to use it; or (d) if we haven’t handled your personal data in accordance with our obligations.
You can read more about these rights here – https://ico.org.uk/for-the-public/is-my-information-being-handled-correctly/
Questions, Comments and Complaints
If you have any questions about how Seiki Systems Ltd uses your personal data that are not answered here or if you wish to access, correct or update the personal data we hold about you, or to register a complaint, please contact us either by post or by email on the details below:
The Data Controller
Seiki Systems Ltd
Olivier House
18 Marine Parade
Brighton
BN2 1TL
Changes to this privacy notice
We keep our privacy notice under regular review. This privacy notice was last updated 5 May 2019.
Share Page
Latest Blog
Trends driving Aerospace production control software requirements
Seiki Systems’ managing director, John Davis looks at the latest trends and demands driving aerospace customer requirements for production control software solutions.
Over the last…
Webinar: Migrating to Seiki AIR
Up next in our schedule of online events is a webinar “Migrating to Seiki AIR“. Aimed at existing Seiki software customers, this…
Webinar: An Introduction to Finite Capacity Planning and Scheduling
Up next in our schedule of online events is an Introduction to Finite Capacity Planning and Scheduling webinar on the 3rd November…
Newsletter Signup
Get updates on our latest products, upgrades and more
Join
Yes, I want to receive all marketing emails from Seiki Systems
This form collects your email address so that we can add you to our mailing list to receive our newsletters. Please check our Privacy Policy to see how we protect and manage your submitted data. You can unsubscribe at any time
Our Partners