http://www.canterburytrellis.co.nz/terms.html
Home
About Us
About
Canterbury Trellis
Suppler
to the Trade
Terms
and Conditions
News
Specials
Current Specials
Our
V.I.P. Club
Superior Quality
F.A.Q.
How to
Install Trellis
Gate
& Panel Care
Planter
Box Care
Products
Product
Range
Trellis
& Trellis Products
Gates
- Driveway & Pedestrian
Planter
Boxes & Garden Beds
Fence
Panels & Pickets
Decorative
Panels Inserts
Garden
Features & Other Products
Stain
& Paint for Houses & Fences
Soil
& Potting Mix - Growing Media
Whats
New
Quotes
Trellis Orders
Planter Boxes
Location
Contact
Us
Public
Sales
Trade
Inquiries
Links
Testimonials
Terms
and Conditions
The
following terminology applies to these Terms and Conditions, Privacy
Statement and Disclaimer Notice and any or all Agreements: "Client",
"You", "Customer", "End User" and "Your" refers to you, the person
accessing this website and accepting the Company's terms and
conditions. "The Company", "CTL", "Ourselves", "We" and "Us", refers to
Canterbury Trellis Ltd. "Party", "Parties", or "Us", refers to both the
Client and ourselves, or either the Client or ourselves. All terms
refer to the offer, acceptance and consideration of payment necessary
to undertake the process of our assistance to the Client in the most
appropriate manner, whether by formal meetings of a fixed duration, or
any other means, for the express purpose of meeting the Client's needs
in respect of provision of the Company's stated services/products, in
accordance with and subject to, prevailing New Zealand Law. Any use of
the above terminology or other words in the singular, plural,
capitalisation and/or he/she or they, are taken as interchangeable and
therefore as referring to same.
Terms Agreement
By
placing an order from this site, or by phone, email or texting for any
product by the client the client agrees to these terms and conditions.
In using this website you are deemed to have read and agreed to the
following terms and conditions. Suppliers agree to the Supplier's T&C's
further in this document and any other relevant terms within these
terms and conditions. Retailer's agree to the  Retailer's
T&C's further in
this document and any other relevant terms within these
terms and conditions.
Privacy
Statement
Canterbury
Trellis Ltd is committed to protecting your privacy. Authorized
employees within the company on a need to know basis only use any
information collected from individual customers. We constantly review
our systems and data to ensure the best possible service to our
customers. Parliament has created specific offenses for unauthorised
actions against computer systems and data. We will investigate any such
actions with a view to prosecuting and/or taking civil proceedings to
recover damages against those responsible.
Confidentiality
All
client information is confidential. We will not sell or share your
personal information or email addresses to any third party. Emails sent
by Canterbury Trellis Ltd will be in connection with the provision of
agreed services and products, Canterbury Trellis Ltd reserved to right
to a single yearly email to advise of promotions, any client or
recipient has the right to unsubscribe from any such
promotion.
Disclaimer
Exclusions and Limitations:
The
information on this web site and company literature is provided on an
"as is" basis. To the fullest extent permitted by law, Canterbury
Trellis Ltd:
excludes all representations
and
warranties relating to this website and its contents or which is or may
be provided by any affiliates or any other third party, including in
relation to any inaccuracies or omissions in this website and/or
Canterbury Trellis Ltd literature; and
excludes all liability for
damages arising out
of or in connection with your use of this website. This includes,
without limitation, direct loss, loss of business or profits (whether
or not the loss of such profits was foreseeable, arose in the normal
course of things or you have advised this Company of the possibility of
such potential loss), damage caused to your computer, computer
software, systems and programs and the data thereon or any other direct
or indirect, consequential and incidental damages.
Canterbury
Trellis Ltd does not however exclude liability for death or personal
injury caused by its negligence. The above exclusions and limitations
apply only to the extent permitted by law. None of your statutory
rights as a consumer are affected.
Payment
Cash,
EFTPOS, Debit Cards and Bank Transfer are all acceptable methods of
payment. Terms of payment are 50% deposit with the balance to be paid
on completion of services or product. When goods are to be freighted
then full payment including any freight charges are to be made before
dispatch of goods. All goods remain the property of Canterbury Trellis
Ltd until paid for in full. Monies that remains outstanding by the due
date will incur late payment interest at the rate of 10% per month on
the outstanding balance until such time as the balance is paid in full
and final settlement. We reserve the right to seek recovery of any
monies remaining unpaid within 7 days from the date of invoice via
collection Agencies and/or through the Small Claims Court in the event
that the outstanding balance does not exceed $5000. In such
circumstances, you shall be liable for any and all additional
administrative and/or court costs.
Accounts:
All trade and on seller accounts are strictly payment 20th of the month
following the date of invoice.
Returned
cheques will incur a $25 charge to cover banking fees and
administrative costs. In an instance of a second Returned cheque we
shall insist on future cash transactions only. Consequently, all orders
and/or transactions and agreements entered into will cease with
immediate effect until such time as any and all outstanding monies are
recovered in full.
Cancellation
Policy
Cancellation
of orders must be given within 48 hours of placement of order for
product or services. Notification must be in writing, via email, mobile
phone 'text message' or email, verbal cancellation will not be
accepted. We reserve the right to levy up to $50 charge to cover any
subsequent administrative expenses or setup costs. In the event that a
service is deemed to have begun then the cost of materials or labour
will also be added.
Warrantee
& Refund Policy
Canterbury
Trellis will repair, replace or refund at their discretion any faulty
or
substandard products supplied, however Canterbury Trellis Ltd will not
under warrantee repair, replace or refund any product where that
product has been incorrectly ordered, incorrect sizes supplied or
modified by any third party without the written permission of
Canterbury Trellis. Warrantee of products does not cover installation
by any third party. In the event of faulty or substandard product it is
the clients responsibility to advise and return the product (at the
clients cost) to Canterbury Trellis to repair, replace or refund. Any
products rejected must returned in the same condition as when they left
the factory.
Canterbury Trellis Ltd reserve the right to not supply products or
services including any errors in pricing from the website quoting
systems.
Product Warrantee: All new trellis is warranted for the
life time of the timber (Pine 15 to 20 years as per CCA treatment
guidelines & Macrocarpa 5 years). Workmanship on trellis and
all
other products is one year (12 months).
Measurements
Due
to several reasons such as differences in measuring devices (tape or
laser measurers) between the client and our in house tools and/or the
dryness/wetness of timber, there may be some slight variation in the
final sizes of product by up to +-3mm. Oversize products, trellis or
fence panels larger then max standard size of 2400mm wide x 1800mm high
may not be 100% accurate.
Quotes
All written quotes are valid or 30 days unless otherwise stated. Quotes
using the online ordering system are valid for 14 days.
Timber Care
CTL
recommend that all products manufactured by CTL should be sealed,
stained, or painted. Failure to seal timber will result in either
shrinkage in direct sunlight or expansion in wet conditions. Macrocarpa
and kiln dried Pine gates and garden furniture will not maintain its
structure and may result in damage if not correctly sealed. Planter
boxes should only be sealed on the outside, do not seal the inside of
planters if growing food products as this can cause contamination to
the plants, however plastic liners and Eco friendly stain or boiled
Linseed oil can be used and is recommended to prolong blanter boxes
timber life. Please see: "Planter
Box Care" Sun or water damage is not covered by CTL's
warrantee.
For the care of gates, timber trellis panels and other T&G
products  please see the "Gates & Fence Panel Care"
section.
Communication
We
have several different e-mail addresses for different queries. These,
and other contact information, can be found on our Contact Us link on
our website.
Timber Specifications
Trellis
products framed with 35mm x 45mm (micro) capping is deemed as
non-structural. Products that exceed 2.4mtr long in capping is void of
warrantee and is supplied at buyer risk of warping. CTL Budget range of
trellis products may contain small knots or blemishes in either or both
the batten or framing.
While best efforts in timber grading is
adhered to during production there may be some warping of timber.
Macrocarpa products may develop fine cracks or splits as this is the
nature of Macrocarpa timber. Products stained or painted in black or
ebony may warp, distort or cup in full sun light due to heating of the
timber & will not be covered under warrantee.
Availability
& Time Frames
Unless
otherwise stated, the services and products featured on this website
are only available within New Zealand. All advertising is intended
solely for the New Zealand market. Production & supply delivery
times indicated on the website ordering system is an estimate only, for
any fixed supply times the "required by" field must be supplied by the
client, the client will then be advised if the clients required by time
can be met. Supply times does not include staining or painting, nor
does it include freight or delivery times or delays. Orders placed 4 to
6 weeks prior to Christmas may not be produced until the New Year
unless otherwise advised in writing.
Canterbury Trellis Ltd
does not warrant that the services or products supplied from this site
or by phone email or texting will be uninterrupted, timely or error
free, although it is provided to the best ability. By using this
service you thereby indemnify this Company, its employees, agents and
affiliates against any loss or damage, in whatever manner, howsoever
caused.
You are solely responsible
for evaluating the fitness for a particular purpose of any products.
Bespoke and Special Orders
Bespoke,
special or custom orders must be supplied with full technical details
including all measurements, CAD or detailed plans. If "best fit" is
requested or expected by the client or full plans or measurements are
not provided then Canterbury Trellis Ltd will endeavour to provide the
required product as per the clients description, however Canterbury
Trellis do not guarantee or are to be held accountable for bespoke or
custom products that are not exact shape, size or fit. Canterbury
Trellis does not guarantee trellis products that are built with
stainless steel staples, as batten separation may occur.
Seconds, Samples, Display Sale
Items
Unless
otherwise stated seconds, samples and display products are sold "as is,
where is". New first grade items or products ordered during a sale,
special offers or promotions generally include CTL's normal warrantee.
Retailers
By purchasing standard stock lines
from Canterbury Trellis retailers are required to give at
least six months
notice in writing of cancelation of any supply contract before
purchasing products from another supplier.
Suppliers
By providing product to Canterbury
Trellis suppliers are required to
supply product in a timely manor, pricing increases are to be fair and
justifiable, End of supply or termination of supply requires a 3 month
notice in writing. Standard or quality of product must be maintained,
credits will be requested for sub-standard product.
Freight & Deliveries
CTL is not
responsible for any damage to products or property by
any courier or freight company, Claims for freight damage must be made
directly to the freight company and within their claim period.
Generally
all deliveries are to the front of the property. It is required that
unless by prior arrangement a person or persons are required to help
offload heavy products such as planter boxes, furniture or oversize
trellis panels. If a second driver is required to help offload products
then an extra charge will apply. Unattended deliveries are at the
owners risk.
Log
Files
We
use IP addresses to analyse trends, administer the site, track user's
movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use.
IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Additionally, for systems administration, detecting usage patterns and
troubleshooting purposes, our web servers automatically log standard
access information including browser type, access times/open mail, URL
requested, and referral URL. This information is not shared with third
parties and is used only within this Company on a need-to-know basis.
Any individually identifiable information related to this data will
never be used in any way different to that stated above without your
explicit permission.
Cookies
The
Canterbury Trellis Ltd website [or ISP] may use cookies to enable us to
retrieve user details for each visit. Cookies are used in some areas of
our site to enable the functionality of this area and ease of use for
those people visiting. Some of our affiliate partners may also use
cookies.
Links
from this website
We
do not monitor or review the content of other party's websites which
are linked to or from this website. Opinions expressed or material
appearing on such websites are not necessarily shared or endorsed by
Canterbury Trellis Ltd and should not be regarded as the publisher of
such opinions or material Canterbury Trellis Ltd is not responsible for
the privacy practices, or content, of these sites.
Copyright
Notice ©
Copyright
and other relevant intellectual property rights exists on all website
copy, images and photos, product names, designs and construction
methods relating to Canterbury Trellis Ltd and its' full product range.
In particular the following products and product names are the
intellectual property and copyrighted to Canterbury Trellis Ltd: NoView
& NoView Trellis, 6mm batton spacing trellis, Pine Signature
Range
& Macrocarpa Signature
Range Fence Panels, Thick and Chunky Planters. Canterbury Trellis holds
intellectual property rights & copyright on all product design
& development including maufacturing systems, jigs, production
systems & software.,
The
Canterbury Trellis Ltd logo is a registered trademark of this Company
in New Zealand and other countries. The brand names and specific
services of Canterbury Trellis Ltd featured on this web site are also
trademarked, IP & copyright to Canterbury Trellis Ltd.
Force
Majeure
Neither
party shall be liable to the other for any failure to perform any
obligation under any Agreement which is due to an event beyond the
control of such party including but not limited to any Act of God,
terrorism, war, Political insurgence, insurrection, riot, civil unrest,
act of civil or military authority, uprising, earthquake, flood or any
other natural or manmade eventuality outside of our control, which
causes the termination of an agreement or contract entered into, nor
which could have been reasonably foreseen. Any Party affected by such
event shall forthwith inform the other Party of the same and shall use
all reasonable endeavours to comply with the terms and conditions of
any Agreement contained herein.
General
The
laws of New Zealand govern these terms and conditions. By accessing
this website and using our services/buying our products you consent to
these terms and conditions and to the exclusive jurisdiction of the New
Zealand courts in all disputes arising out of such access. If any of
these terms are deemed invalid or unenforceable for any reason
(including, but not limited to the exclusions and limitations set out
above), then the invalid or unenforceable provision will be severed
from these terms and the remaining terms will continue to apply.
Failure of the Company to enforce any of the provisions set out in
these Terms and Conditions and any Agreement, or failure to exercise
any option to terminate, shall not be construed as waiver of such
provisions and shall not affect the validity of these Terms and
Conditions or of any Agreement or any part thereof, or the right
thereafter to enforce each and every provision. These Terms and
Conditions shall not be amended, modified, varied or supplemented
except in writing and signed by duly authorised representatives of the
Company.
Notification
of Changes
The
Company reserves the right to change these conditions from time to time
as it sees fit and your continued use of the site will signify your
acceptance of any adjustment to these terms.
These terms and
conditions form part of the Agreement between the Client and CTL. Your
accessing of this website and/or undertaking of a purchase, order or
agreement indicates your understanding, agreement to and acceptance, of
the Disclaimer Notice and the full Terms and Conditions contained
herein. Your statutory Consumer Rights are unaffected.
© Canterbury Trellis Ltd
2013 All Rights Reserved
25 McTeigue Road
Halswell
Christchurch
03 3434 663