http://www.cable-modem.net/terms/
The Terms and Conditions of Use (“Terms and Conditions of Use” or “Agreement”) for this Web site (the “cable-modem.net Web Site” or the “Web Site”) together with the incorporated legal notices (“Legal Notices”) are to ensure that you enjoy the utmost quality and service during your visit to the cable-modem.net Web Site.Please read the terms and conditions of use and the legal notices carefully before using this web site. By using this web site, you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of use and you acknowledge that you have read the legal notices as they may be amended from time to time. If you do not agree with all of these terms and conditions of use, please do not use this web site.Cable-modem.net may revise and update the Terms and Conditions of Use and/or the Legal Notices at any time by posting the changes here. Your continued use of cable-modem.net Web Site means you accept and agree to the revised Terms and Conditions of Use. If you disagree with the Terms and Conditions of Use (as amended from time to time) or are dissatisfied with this Web Site, your sole and exclusive remedy is to discontinue using this Web Site.
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE
The cable-modem.net Web Site is intended to be used for your lawful enjoyment. You agree to use the cable-modem.net Web Site only for lawful purposes.You agree that you will not do, or attempt to do any of the following: (1) upload to or transmit on the cable-modem.net Web Site any defamatory, indecent, obscene, harassing, excessively violent or otherwise objectionable material, or any material that is, or may be, protected by copyright, without permission from the copyright owner; (2) use cable-modem.net’s Web Site to violate the legal rights (including the rights of publicity and privacy) of others or to violate the laws of any jurisdiction; (3) intercept or attempt to intercept electronic mail not intended for you; (4) misrepresent an affiliation with any person or organization; (5) upload or transmit on the cable-modem.net Web Site any advertisements or solicitations of business; (6) restrict or inhibit other visitors’ use of the cable-modem.net Web Site; (7) upload or otherwise transmit files that contain a virus or otherwise corrupted data; (8) collect information about others (including email addresses) without their consent; (9) download a file or software or include in a message any software, files or links that you know, or have reason to believe, cannot be distributed legally over the cable-modem.net Web Site or that you have a contractual obligation to keep confidential (notwithstanding its availability on the cable-modem.net Web Site); (10) post “spam”, chain letters or engage in other similar activities; or (11) engage in any other conduct that restricts or inhibits anyone’s use or enjoyment of the cable-modem.net Web Site, or which, as determined by cable-modem.net, exposes cable-modem.net or users of the cable-modem.net Web Site to any liability or detriment of any type.Cable-modem.net reserves the right, but does not assume any responsibility, to (1) remove from the cable-modem.net Web Site any material posted by you which cable-modem.net, in its sole discretion, deems inconsistent with the foregoing commitments, including any material of which cable-modem.net has been notified, or has reason to believe, constitutes a copyright infringement; (2) terminate your access to all or part of the cable-modem.net Web Site. However, cable-modem.net can neither review all material prior to transmission on the cable-modem.net Web Site nor ensure prompt action with respect to objectionable material after it is transmitted on the cable-modem.net Web Site. Accordingly, cable-modem.net assumes no liability for any action or inaction regarding transmissions, communications, or other content that is provided by third parties. Cable-modem.net reserves the right to take any action it deems necessary to protect the personal safety of users of the Web Site and the public, however, cable-modem.net has no liability or responsibility to anyone for performance or nonperformance of the activities in this paragraph.Your failure to comply with these provisions may result in the termination of your use of the cable-modem.net Web Site and may expose you to civil and/or criminal liability.
Copyright Restrictions
The materials hosted on the cable-modem.net Web Site, including but not limited to images, photographs, audio and/or video content, illustrations, screen savers, and text are protected by United States and international laws regarding copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets and other proprietary rights. In addition, the cable-modem.net Web Site as a whole is protected by copyright. You are authorized to use the materials on the cable-modem.net Web Site for personal, noncommercial use only. You may not copy, modify, create derivative works of, publicly display or perform, republish, store, transmit or distribute any of the material on this Web Site in whole or in part without the prior written consent of cable-modem.net, except as follows. You may store copies of such materials temporarily in RAM and may store files that are automatically cached by your Web browser for display enhancement purposes and you may print a reasonable number of pages of the cable-modem.net Web Site for your personal use; provided in each case that you do not alter or remove any copyright or other proprietary notices included in such materials. Neither title nor any intellectual property rights to any information or material in this Web Site are transferred to you, but remain with cable-modem.net or the applicable owner of such content.
Requesting Reproduction Permission
You will need written permission to reproduce material from the cable-modem.net Web Site. You may email or write cable-modem.net with your requests: Cable-modem.net C/o Consumer Knowledge Network 2124 West Pratt Ave. #316 Chicago, IL 60645-4666
Limitation of Liability/Disclaimers
Cable-modem.net does not assume any liability for the content, materials, information, opinions or third party products provided on the cable-modem.net Web Site. Reliance on any such information is solely at your risk. Cable-modem.net disclaims any liability for injury or damages resulting from use of any information or products contained on the cable-modem.net Web Site.
User Representations and Warranties
You represent, warrant and covenant (a) that no materials of any kind submitted by you or cable-modem.net’s use thereof in accordance with this Agreement, will (i) violate, plagiarize or infringe upon the rights of any third party, including copyright, trademark, privacy or publicity, moral rights, contract or other personal or proprietary rights; or (ii) contain libelous or otherwise unlawful material; (iii) constitute false or misleading indications of origin or statements of fact; (iv) slander, libel or defame any person or entity; (v) cause injury of any kind to any person or entity; or (vi) violate any applicable laws, rules, regulations or other governmental regulations; and (b) that you are at least 18 years old.You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless cable-modem.net, its officers, directors, employees, agents, affiliates, third-party information providers, licensors, programming professionals and others involved in the delivery of the cable-modem.net Web Site or the delivery of services or information over the cable-modem.net Web Site, from and against any and all liabilities, expenses, damages, and costs, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, arising from your use of the cable-modem.net Web Site or your use of any information obtained from the Web Site or from any violation by you of this Agreement.
Privacy
Cable-modem.net’s use of your personal information is in accordance with the cable-modem.net Privacy Policy located below.
Submissions
All comments, suggestions or other information sent by you to this Web Site for internal use by cable-modem.net or by its advertisers or business partners or in response to solicitations on this Web Site, will become cable-modem.net’s property. You agree that all intellectual property rights therein are hereby assigned, transferred, and conveyed to cable-modem.net. You understand that any postings to publicly available portions of the cable-modem.net Web Site are non-confidential for all purposes.
Links to Other Web Sites
Our Web Site contains links to other Web sites operated by third parties that may be of interest to you. However, we do not and cannot control the information and content or links contained on these sites. We do not and cannot control the way in which these Web sites collect and/or use your personal information. Therefore, cable-modem.net disclaims any liability for any third party Web site’s use of your personal information obtained through using the third party Web site. Use of linked sites, including links through advertisements, is at your own risk.
Compliance
This Web Site is operated from the State of Illinois, USA. cable-modem.net makes no representation that materials in this Web Site are appropriate or available for use in other locations. If you access this Web Site from other locations, you are responsible for complying with local laws.
Contact
If you become aware of any content that you believe to be in violation of these Terms and Conditions of Use, including without limitation, claims that any content on the cable-modem.net Web Site infringes the copyright of a third party please contact us at: cable-modem.net C/o Consumer Knowledge Network 2124 West Pratt Ave. #316 Chicago, IL 60645-4666
Miscellaneous
This Agreement shall be governed in all respects by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Illinois, USA, without regard to its conflicts of law principles. The Agreement, as it may be amended from time to time, completely and exclusively states the agreement between you and cable-modem.net with respect to the cable-modem.net Web Site, and no other terms that may have been communicated to you orally or in any other manner shall have any force or effect. Any cause of action you may have with respect to the cable-modem.net Web Site must be commenced within one (1) year after the claim or cause of action arises or such claim or cause of action is barred. Exclusive jurisdiction over any cause of action arising out of this Agreement or your use of cable-modem.net Web Site shall be in the state or federal courts located in Chicago, Illinois. You agree to submit to the jurisdiction of such courts.If any part of this Agreement is unenforceable, the unenforceable part shall be construed to reflect, as nearly as possible, the original intentions of the parties. The other provisions of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect.Cable-modem.net’s failure to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any provision of these Terms and Conditions of Use shall not constitute a waiver of the provision. Neither a course of dealing or conduct between you and cable-modem.net nor any trade practices shall be deemed to modify this Agreement.
Termination
Cable-modem.net may in its sole discretion, and without notice to you, terminate or suspend your access to all or part of this Web Site for any reason, including without limitation, breach of this Agreement. Web Site administrators have the right to terminate use without notice if you restrict, inhibit or disrupt the activity of the cable-modem.net Web Site or if you attempt to alter or improperly access any feature or function of the Web Site.
LEGAL NOTICESCopyright Notice
© 2019 cable-modem.net. All rights reserved. This Web Site and the materials on this Web Site, including but not limited to images, photographs, audio and/or video content, screen savers, illustrations, and text, are the property of cable-modem.net and may not be reproduced, distributed, publicly displayed, or otherwise used, except with express permission of cable-modem.net.
Trademark Notice
The term “cable-modem.net”, cable-modem.net’s logo and all related product and service names, designs, and slogans are trademarks or service marks of cable-modem.net. All other product and service marks on this Web Site, including those relating to third party products and services, are the trademarks of their respective owners.