http://www.epic.org/privacy/copyright/verizon/
RIAA v. Verizon Latest News
and Events | Background
| Legal
Materials |
News
Items | Links
Latest News and Events
Appeals Court Rejects RIAA Subpoenas. The U.S. Court of Appeals
for the D.C. Circuit has ruled against the recording industry's attempts
to compel Internet service providers to identify their subscribers. The
panel
opinion (pdf) is a major setback for the industry's anti-piracy campaign
and a significant victory for Internet users' privacy rights. EPIC and other
public interest groups filed an amicus brief
(pdf) supporting Verizon's challenge to the RIAA subpoenas. (Dec.
19, 2003)
RIAA Targeting Grandparents and Parents in their
Lawsuits Against File Sharers. The RIAA has begun filing
lawsuits against individual file sharers: News
reports state that U.S. courts are approving approximately
75 subpoenas a day for subscriber information from internet
service providers. Many recipients of the lawsuits are parents
and grandparents caught unaware of their children's file
sharing activities. The RIAA has said that it will pursue file
sharers "regardless of personal circumstances" because of the
deterrence factor. The Electronic
Frontier Foundation has created a Subpoena
Database so that file sharers can check if their user name
or IP address has been subpoenaed by the RIAA.
(July 24, 2003)
RIAA Preparing Lawsuits against Peer-to-Peer File
Sharers. In a statement
issued on June 25, the Recording Industry Association of
America announced its intention to start gathering evidence
against individual peer-to-peer users who are illegally sharing
"substantial" amounts of copyrighted music. The first lawsuits
based on the gathered evidence could take place as early as
August 2003. The RIAA will be using scanning software such as
Ranger
to find the illegally shared files on P2P networks.
(June 25)
Commerce Committee to Consider DMCA Subpoena Power.
Sen. John McCain, Chairman of the Senate Commerce Committee,
plans to hold a hearing sometime soon on the consequences of
the DMCA subpoena power. The agreement was made during a
Committee mark-up session on FTC re-authorization, when
Sen.
Sam Brownback proposed an amendment that would require
copyright holders to file a court action before they would be
able to obtain identifying subscriber information from ISPs.
Brownbeck emphasized the "clear threat of unintended
consequences" of the current subpoena process. He withdrew his
amendment once McCain committed to a hearing on the subject.
(June 20)
Background In the summer of 2002, the Recording Industry of America (RIAA)
asked Verizon Online to reveal the identities of four subscribers
who were accused of harboring copyrighted music material on their
personal computers. Verizon refused and the RIAA sent the ISP a
subpoena pursuant to 17 U.S.C. ß 512 (h) of the Digital
Millenium Copyright Act (DMCA), which allows a copyright owner
or a person on the owner's behalf to ask a district court clerk
"to issue a subpoena to a service provider for identification of
an alleged [copyright] infringer." Verizon did not comply
with the request because the alleged copyright materials were not
on Verizon's computer servers, but rather on the user's personal
computers, which the company argued was an invalid use of the
subpoena. The RIAA sued Verizon on July 24, 2002, over its refusal
to comply with the subpoena, and on January 21, 2003, the district
court ruled for RIAA, finding that the process used by the RIAA
was correct. Verizon appealed the decision, arguing that allowing
an ISP to reveal the identity of a subscriber upon a mere
allegation of copyright infringement violates the subscriber's
privacy rights and is likely unconstitutional because of the lack
of due process.
On June 4, 2003, the appeals court denied Verizon's request for
a stay of the lower court's order. According to the court, Verizon
"has not shown so great a likelihood of success on the merits as
to outweigh the clearly greater harm that would accrue to the
[RIAA] if the stay were granted." Verizon turned over the
names of the four subscribers to the RIAA on June 5, 2003, but
will continue arguing the merits of the case in the pending
appeal. Oral argument in the case is scheduled for September 2003.
Issues arising out of RIAA v. Verizon
This is the first case to interpret the privacy issues
surrounding the DMCA. The legal issue is whether ß 512 (h)
of DMCA allows a copyright owner to subpoena the identity of a
subscriber where the alleged infringing material is present on the
ISPs server. There are also questions as to whether the
legislation itself may be unconstitutional, because the ease of
obtaining the identity of a subscriber could lead to misuse of the
information; for instance being used by the copyright industry for
non-infringement related purposes or by criminals for identity
theft. There is no due process built into the DMCA to make sure
that a copyright holder is legitimately obtaining the identities,
nor are there any provisions to regulate the copyright holder's
use of the obtained information. Verizon also argues that the
recording industry is using ß 512 (h) to combat peer-to-peer
file sharing, an inappropriate use of the law, since that is not
what it was intended for. The fear is that as copy right holders
chase after hundreds or even thousands of peer-to-peer users using
automated copyright infringement monitors, such as Ranger
Inc., it will result in huge costs for the ISPs faced with
processing the requests.
Verizon is pushing for legislative changes to the DMCA to
clarify ß 512 (h) and provide a more stringent process for
obtaining the identity of subscribers. Additionally, Verizon is
calling for a protective provision that would limit the copyright
holders' use of the information.
EPIC has participated in the case as amicus curiae,
arguing in support of ISP subscriber rights.
Legal Materials Appeal
Amicus Brief of MPAA et al.
in support of RIAA. [pdf] June 20, 2003. Appeals Court Order Denying
Motion to Stay. [pdf] June 4, 2003. Amicus Brief of ISP and
Public Interest Groups including EPIC. [pdf] May
16, 2003. Verizon Brief
(Appellant). [pdf] May 12, 2003. Brief for intervenor
Department of Justice in response to Defendant's motion to
Quash February 4 subpoena and addressing questions of the
court. [pdf] April 18, 2003. Court Ruling on Amicus
Motions. [pdf] April 16, 2003.
Second Subpoena
U.S. District Court
Opinion denying Verizon's Motion to Stay, Motion to Quash.
[pdf] April 24, 2003. RIAA Brief in Opposition
to Verizon's Motion to Quash February 4th Subpoena .
[pdf] March 27, 2003.
Stay Motion
Order denying Emergency
Motion of Stay. [pdf] June 4, 2003. Reply in
Support of Verizon's Motion for a Stay Pending Appeal.
[pdf] February 11, 2003. RIAA's Opposition
to Motion for Stay Pending Appeal. [pdf] February
7, 2003.
First Subpoena
District Court Order to
enforce Subpoena [pdf] January 21, 2003. Brief of Amici Curiae in
Support of Verizon's Opposition To Motion TO Enforce
Subpoena [pdf] September 9, 2002. Reply Brief in
Support of Motion to Enforce [pdf] September 4,
2002. Opposition Of
Verizon Internet Services To Motion To Enforce Ex Parte
Subpoena . [pdf] August 30. 2003. Brief Of Amici In
Support Of Verizonís Opposition To RIAAís Motion
To Enforce. [pdf] August 30, 2003.
Original RIAA Complaint
Motion To Enforce
July 24, 2002 Subpoena Issued By District Court to Verizon and
Memorandum In Support Thereof. [pdf]
News Items
Music-Sharing
Subpoenas Targets Parents. Washington Post. July 24,
2003. McCain
Promises Review of DMCA Subpoena Power.
Internet.com. June 20, 2003. Cease
and Desist. Washington Post. June 19, 2003. Senate
to Examine Online Copyright Dispute. Washington
Post. June 19, 2003. Illusion
of Internet anonymity crumbling under rulings, new laws.
Austin-American Statesman. June 16, 2003. Privacy
vs. Internet piracy. USA Today. June 11, 2003. Verizon
Divulges Customer Names. PCWorld.com. June 5,
2003. Verizon
to hand names over to RIAA. News.com. June 4,
2003. Verizon
must turn over names of file-swapping suspects. San Jose
Mercury News. June 4, 2003. Verizon
gets respite in RIAA fight. News.com. May 9,
2003. Verizon
gets 14 days to ID file-swapper. News.com. April 24,
2003. RIAA
wins battle to ID Kazaa user . News.com. January 21,
2003.
Links
It's
About Privacy - Not Piracy
- Verizon's RIAA v. Verizon
press kit summarizes its position on this issue. EFF
RIAA v. Verizon Case Archive - EFF provides a comprehensive
repository for legal material emerging from the RIAA v. Verizon
case. RIAA's
Verizon Case Press Room. Subpoenadefense.org
- This site is a resource for individuals seeking information
on how to defend themselves if their identity has been
subpoenaed by a private third party seeking to enforce their
copyrights on the Internet. The site was based on the legal
issues surrounding RIAA v. Verizon. Chillingeffects.org Special
Report: Verizon's copyright Campaign - An August 27, 2002,
News.com interview with Sarah Deutsch, VP & Associate
General Counsel of Verizon, who talks about Verizon's role in
the copyright wars.
EPIC Privacy Page
| EPIC Home Page Last Updated: April 7, 2004
Page URL:
http://www.epic.org/privacy/copyright/verizon/default.html