https://www.jscape.com/company/terms-and-conditions
Questions? Call Us Today! U.S. 1.786.375.8091
UK EUR 44.20.7193.2879
Home
Company
About Us
Contact Us
Clients
Case Studies
Testimonials
Employment
Partners
Terms and Conditions
Products
Managed File Transfer
Components
File Transfer Clients
Certifications
Solutions
Industry Verticals
Ad Hoc File Transfer
AS2 Server
Automated File Transfer
Compliance
Data Loss Prevention
DMZ Streaming
File Synchronization
Managed File Transfer
Mobile File Transfer
OpenPGP Encryption
OFTP Server
Reverse Proxy
Secure File Transfer
Secure FTP Server
UDP File Transfer
Purchase
Managed File Transfer
Components
File Transfer Clients
Services
Purchasing FAQ
Support
Documentation
Help Desk
Services
AnyClient Web
MFTExpress
Professional Services
Quick Start Package
Blog
Company
Terms and Conditions
Web Site Terms and Conditions of Use
1. Terms
By accessing this web site, you are agreeing to be bound by these web site Terms and Conditions of Use, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this site. The materials contained in this web site are protected by applicable copyright and trade mark law.
2. Use License
a.    Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials (information or software) on JSCAPE LLC's web site for personal, non-commercial transitory viewing only. This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not:    i.    modify or copy the materials;    ii.    use the materials for any commercial purpose, or for any public display (commercial or non-commercial);    iii.    attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on JSCAPE LLC's web site;    iv.    remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials; or    v.    transfer the materials to another person or "mirror" the materials on any other server.    b.    This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by JSCAPE LLC at any time. Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether in electronic or printed format.
3. Disclaimer
a.    The materials on JSCAPE LLC's web site are provided "as is". JSCAPE LLC makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties, including without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights. Further, JSCAPE LLC does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its Internet web site or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site.
4. Limitations
In no event shall JSCAPE LLC or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption,) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on JSCAPE LLC's Internet site, even if JSCAPE LLC or a JSCAPE LLC authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.
5. Revisions and Errata
The materials appearing on JSCAPE LLC's web site could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. JSCAPE LLC does not warrant that any of the materials on its web site are accurate, complete, or current. JSCAPE LLC may make changes to the materials contained on its web site at any time without notice. JSCAPE LLC does not, however, make any commitment to update the materials.
6. Links
JSCAPE LLC has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its Internet web site and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by JSCAPE LLC of the site. Use of any such linked web site is at the user's own risk.
7. Site Terms of Use Modifications
JSCAPE LLC may revise these terms of use for its web site at any time without notice. By using this web site you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these Terms and Conditions of Use.
8. Governing Law
Any claim relating to JSCAPE LLC's web site shall be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we have developed this Policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate and disclose and make use of personal information. The following outlines our privacy policy.
Before or at the time of collecting personal information, we will identify the purposes for which information is being collected.
We will collect and use personal information solely with the objective of fulfilling those purposes specified by us and for other compatible purposes, unless we obtain the consent of the individual concerned or as required by law.
We will only retain personal information as long as necessary for the fulfillment of those purposes.
We will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and, where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned.
Personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes, should be accurate, complete, and up-to-date.
We will protect personal information by reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
We will make readily available to customers information about our policies and practices relating to the management of personal information.
We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained.
Refund and Return Policy
JSCAPE offers fully functional trial versions of its software for customers to have adequate opportunity to assess the value of products prior to purchase.
We do not offer refunds on software where the license key or activation code has already been sent to the customer.
Unlike physical goods, electronically distributed software and software licenses can be duplicated. Once a license has been issued, it is unfortunately not possible for us to recall all copies. Therefore, JSCAPE does not accept product returns or exchanges.
Product Delivery Policy
Software license keys are delivered electronically via email to the email address of the purchaser within 24 hours of purchase.  If you do not receive your license key within 24 hours of purchase please first check your SPAM folder before contacting the Help Desk for assistance.
Need Help?
Latest Blog Posts
Home | Company | Products | Solutions | Purchase | Support | Services | Blog
© 2020 JSCAPE LLC