http://www.dvinci.com/privacy
Skip to main content
Capabilities
Markets
Products
Work
About
Thinking
Connect
News
Careers
Contact
Capabilities
Markets
Products
Work
About
Thinking
Connect
News
Careers
Contact
Privacy
All information collected on this site will be kept strictly confidential and will not be sold, rented, traded, loaned or otherwise disclosed. d’Vinci does not sell, share, or otherwise disclose any personally identifiable information, including your name, address or email address to any third parties. Only d’Vinci or authorized agents have access to personally identifiable information provided by visitors to our site.
Privacy of our email lists:
d’Vinci maintains an email list to keep the public and press informed about our news and insights. Individuals must affirmatively request to join our mailing lists. We do not sell, rent, loan, trade or lease the addresses on our lists to anyone. In addition, we configure our list server software to refuse to divulge the email addresses of our list subscribers to anyone but JPL personnel and our authorized agents.
Unsubscribing from our email lists:
If you believe that you have been placed on one of our email lists by someone else, would like to remove yourself from our lists or would like to correct any inaccurate information that we may have about you, please send an email to newbiz@dvinci.com.
Collection of browser information on our web site:
d’Vinci uses a first party cookie to track visitor activity on our web sites. We use this information to improve the content of our sites as well as to provide visitors with a more relevant overall experience with our company and our site. We never share information you provide us with third parties. If you do not want this site to place a cookie on your browser and track your activity you may leave the site or you may browse the site using privacy mode in your web browser. To learn how to use privacy mode refer to the links below depending on the browser you use.
InPrivate mode in Microsoft Internet Explorer
Incognito mode in Google Chrome
Private browsing mode in Mozilla FireFox
Private browsing mode in Apple Safari
Additionally, this website uses Google Analytics to help analyze how users use the site. The tool uses “cookies,” which are text files placed on your computer, to collect standard Internet log information and visitor behavior information in an anonymous form. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including IP address) is transmitted to Google. This information is then used to evaluate visitors’ use of the website and to compile statistical reports on website activity for our site.
Latest From News & Blogs
Developing a Talent and Learning Culture
December 07, 2020
from Thinking
rabbittransit to Work with d’Vinci on New Educational Tools
November 25, 2020
from News
A Commitment to Progress
November 25, 2020
from Thinking
d’Vinci Named to eLearning Industry Content Provider Watch List
October 21, 2020
from News
More News
More Thinking
×
Contact Us
Let d’Vinci bring order to your learning content and technology.Contact us to start the conversation.
Ready to Get Started?Let d'Vinci bring order to your learning content and technology. Contact us to start the conversation.
Full Name *
Email Address *
Message *
Submit
1.301.797.2386
newbiz@dvinci.com
Locations
Meet The Team
Join The Team
Federal Government Options
d’Vinci is a qualified small business with a Professional Services Schedule (PSS), contract #GS-00F-190CA.
Learn more
eLearning RFP Template
Need to create an eLearning Request for Proposal (RFP)? We have an eLearning RFP template you can download here.
Leave this field blank