http://www.grovestreet.com/terms-of-use/
Terms of Use
The content on this site provides general information about Grove Street Advisors, LLC (“GroveStreet”), and its investment team. We provide this information for the use of current investors, fund managers, investment consultants, and prospective employees.
Please do not send any information to the general e-mail address listed on this site that could be considered confidential or proprietary. By submitting such information, you, or anyone acting on your behalf, agree that any such information will not be considered confidential or proprietary.
Visitors to this site are bound by the following terms and conditions. GroveStreet respects the privacy of visitors to this site and has implemented a Privacy Policy governing how and when we gather information from visitors.
RESTRICTED USE OF SITE MATERIALS
Any person using this site is permitted to view, download, bookmark, copy and print individual pages from the site for personal and non-commercial use only. These copies must not alter the original content, including all legal notices and legends.
All GroveStreet content included on this site, such as text, images, logos, press releases, and other materials, is the property of GroveStreet and is protected by copyright. GroveStreet is responsible only for the content of its own site and has no responsibility or liability for any information, content or policies of any other companies or sites that may be accessible from this site via hyperlink, posting or otherwise. Users may not publish, broadcast, retransmit, reproduce, repackage, frame, commercially exploit, create any derivative of, or otherwise redistribute all or any portion of this site except as explicitly permitted by GroveStreet. The GroveStreet trademark is the property of GroveStreet. All other trademarks and logos displayed on this site are the property of their respective owners.
FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS
Certain information on this site may constitute forward-looking statements, which can be identified by the use of terms such as “may”, “will”, “should”, “expect”, “anticipate”, “target”, “project”, “estimate”, “intend”, “continue” or “believe” (or the negatives thereof) or other variations thereof. Due to various risks and uncertainties, actual events, results or performance may differ materially from those reflected or contemplated in such forward-looking statements. As a result, users of this site should not rely on such forward-looking statements.
NO OFFER OF SECURITIES OR ADVICE
The material on this site is for informational purposes only and does not constitute an offer or solicitation to purchase any investment solutions or a recommendation to buy or sell a security (including, without limitation, interests in any funds or accounts managed by GroveStreet or its affiliates) nor is it to be construed as investment advice. Additionally, the material on this site does not constitute a representation that the solutions described therein are suitable or appropriate for any person. The material on this site may not be relied on in any manner as legal, tax or investment advice.
Any transactions described on this site are included as representative transactions and are not necessarily reflective of overall results. Past performance is not necessarily indicative of future results, and there can be no assurance that any investment will achieve comparable results, that GroveStreet will be able to implement its investment strategy, or that significant losses will be avoided.
LINKING
We do not permit linking to our site without the express permission of GroveStreet. Please note that GroveStreet is responsible only for the content provided on our site, and we hold no responsibility for content included on any site to which this site links, lists or mentions. GroveStreet does not endorse, sponsor or promote any products or services offered by any website that may be linked to this site. We encourage you to review the privacy policies and user agreements of all other sites that you visit.
INTERNATIONAL USE
The information provided on this site is not intended for distribution to, or use in, any jurisdiction where such distribution or use would be contrary to law. Each user of this site is responsible for compliance with local laws and regulations applicable to it.
DISCLAIMER
While GroveStreet makes reasonable efforts to ensure that the content of the site is correct, GroveStreet makes no warranties or representations, express or implied, as to its accuracy. The information is presented “as is” and “as available.” GroveStreet may change the terms of this site at any time and for any reason. Users who visit this site after the date of such changes will be bound by such amended Terms of Use.
GOVERNING LAW
These Terms of Use shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. Any dispute relating to the use of this site or to these Terms of Use shall be brought solely in the state or federal courts located in Boston, Massachusetts. It is agreed that such courts shall have jurisdiction over GroveStreet, any user of this site and any dispute arising hereunder.