http://www.successwallpapers.com/privacy/
Success Wallpapers
Desktops That Inspire
Home
About
Wallpapers
The Store
Blog
Testimonials
Resources
FAQ
Subscribe
Contact
Check out these other wallpapers!
Quality
Spirituality
Faith
Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting the Success Wallpapers site and reviewing my Privacy Policy.
As mentioned on my contact form page, you can rest assure that under no circumstances will I share or sell your personal information with any 3rd party. Your email address will never be given (or sold) to marketing agencies or junk mailers. I am committed to protecting your privacy and want to provide my visitors a peace of mind regarding personal information they may choose to provide to me.
Any correspondence or feedback from my visitors is kept private unless given permission to be made public - for instance, my testimonials page. I value my visitor's privacy, and make every attempt to keep identifiable information secure.
For your assurance, however, I have outlined more detail to what I may collect from those who visit my site, contact me through my online form, or contact me directly.
First off, I can be readily reached via email at: lincoln@successwallpapers.com.
For each visitor to my site, my web server automatically recognizes only the visitors IP address and the domain name source (when possible).
I collect the email addresses of those who communicate with me via email, and any aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit.
The information I collect is used to improve the content of my site, and used to notify consumers about updates to my site.
With respect to cookies: I like eating them, but not collecting them. Therefore, I could say it's safe to assume that you may not like having them on your computer too. Because of this, I do not set any cookies on your computer. However, if you do click on a banner ad, the ad agencies that serve these advertisements may make use of cookies for tracking purposes. But please understand that those did not originate from my site.
If you do not want to receive email from me in the future, please let me know by sending me email at the above address, or notifying me at http://www.successwallpapers.com/contact/.
With respect to Ad Servers: To try and bring you offers that are of interest to you, I have relationships with other companies that I allow to place ads on my site pages. As a result of your visit to my site, ad server companies may collect information such as your domain type, your IP address and clickstream information. As I also mentioned, some may possibly even use cookies for tracking purposes. For further information, consult the privacy policies of: Google http://www.google.com/privacy.html
From time to time, I may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in my privacy notice. If my information practices change at some time in the future I will post the policy changes on my site to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at this page periodically.
Customers may prevent their information from being used for purposes other than those for which it was originally collected by emailing me at the above address.
Upon request, I provide site visitors with access to a description of information that I maintain about them. Consumers can access this information by visiting this "Privacy Policy" page.
Upon request, I offer visitors the ability to have inaccuracies corrected in contact information. Consumers can have this information corrected by sending me email at the above address. (This should rarely even come into play seeing that I don't reveal any identifying info on this site or to others, but you are still welcome to update any info I have on you if you'd like.)
And that's about it. :-)
What's Being Said:I just love the variety of topics covered by the author and I believe that anyone else with more specific interests will love it too. I recommend this site and its content to every one looking for an easy and enjoyable way to succeed, even without realizing it. Download and use. Positive change is inevitable."-Kalin C.Read more comments
Copyright © 2007-2020 SuccessWallpapers.com | Sitemap | Privacy | About