https://www.datarecoverybc.com/privacy/
1-877-460-3670
info @ DataRecoveryBC.com
Privacy
Your privacy is important to DataRecoveryBC.com and we are committed to protecting and safeguarding your privacy and personal/business information.
DataRecoveryBC.com ensures that its employees who have access to your personal/business information are educated and trained to handle and protect your personal/business information and to abide by DataRecoveryBC.com Privacy Policy at all times.
DataRecoveryBC.com will not use your personal/business information for any purposes. Your information will not be given to any other companies and any persons, except for Governments, Law enforcement, court, police, any authorities that we believe that we have to follow, our own use for contact information, disputed account to show and prove what data has been recovered to related third parties, and collecting overdue account…
What is Personal Information?
Personal Information is defined as “information about an identifiable individual” and includes information concerning matters such as race, ethnic origin, color, age, marital status, religion, education, medical, criminal, employment or financial history, address and telephone number, numerical identifiers such as Social Insurance Number, fingerprints, blood type, tissue or biological sample, and views or personal opinions. It also includes information about your product and service subscriptions and usage. Publicly available information, such as public directory listings of your name, address, telephone number, is not considered personal information.
What is Business Information?
Business Information is defined as “information about an business” and includes information concerning matters such as accounting, clients, suppliers, stock, employee employment or financial history, address and telephone number, numerical identifiers. It also includes information about your product and service subscriptions and usage. Publicly available information, such as public directory listings of company name, address, telephone number, is not considered Business information.
What are Privacy Principles?
The Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act incorporates the ten principles of the Canadian Standards Association (CSA) Model Code for the Protection of Personal Information. The Privacy Principles establish the minimum standards required to be followed by organizations for the protection of personal information. DataRecoveryBC.com has adopted and incorporated these Privacy Principles into its Privacy Policy.
Personal information shall be protected by security safeguards appropriate to the sensitivity of the information.
Canadian Standards Association178 Rexdale BoulevardToronto, OntarioM9W-1R3
This privacy policy will overwrite any privacies that we signed with any parties.