http://www.graphicmaps.com/privacy-policy/
We respect your privacy and are committed to safeguarding your privacy while online on our Website. The following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for GraphicMaps.
Order Forms
We may use an order form for customers to request information, products, and services. We collect contact information (like their email address). Contact information collected from those order forms is used to ship purchases and future mailing about our company. The customer's contact information is also used to get in touch with that customer when deemed necessary. That information is kept private by us and will not be provided or sold to other parties.
Mailing Lists
We may use an email form for web browsers to join our new product information mailing list.
Email addresses collected from those forms are used to notify subscribers of new product information available on our Website. That information is kept private by us and will not be provided or sold to other parties.
Log Files
Like most standard Web site servers, we use log files. This includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. The log files we collect are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user’s computer tied to information about the user. The polls and quizzes on our Website, if any, uses cookies. However, some of our business partners may use cookies on our site (for example, advertising partners). However, we have no access to or control over these cookies, once we have given permission for them to set cookies for advertising. If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual browser options.
Advertising Partners
We use outside advertising partners to display ads on our site and to monitor certain pages of our website for the purpose of reporting website statistics, advertisement 'click-throughs', advertisement impressions, and/or other activities on our website. These advertising partners may use cookies, web beacons, and/or other monitoring technologies to compile anonymous statistics about our website visitors. No personally identifiable information is collected by or transferred to any party other than the authorized advertising partners.
External Links
This Website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every Website that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Website.
Choice/Opt-Out
To opt-out of receiving promotional/marketing information from us, you should contact: info@graphicmaps.com
Legal Disclaimer
Though we make every effort to preserve user privacy, we may need to disclose personal information when required by law wherein we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process served on any of GraphicMaps Websites.
Notification of Changes
Whenever we change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this Privacy Policy page, and other places we deem appropriate so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Website, you should contact: info@graphicmaps.com
graphicmaps.com web hosting provided by netlify.com
Home
Articles
About
Copyright Information
Privacy Statement
Terms of Use