http://www.i-fax.com/privacy.html
Privacy Statement
Version 1.8 - Last Updated on: 03/26/2013
Information We Collect from You
Personal Information
i-fax.com Inc. is the sole owner of the information collected on our web site. We do not collect any personal information from a visitor to our site unless that visitor explicitly and intentionally provides it. If you are simply browsing our site, we do not gather any personal information about you.
There are three ways in which you may explicitly and intentionally provide us with and consent to our collection of certain personal information:
Demo and Contest Entry
During your contest entry you will be asked to provide the following personal information: email address, name, company name and telephone number. You are asked to provide this information so we can personalize your demo experience. We use your email address only as part of your demo. After you have completed your demo, one of our representatives may contact you personally by telephone or email to speak with you about our product. We will contact the contest winner by telephone or email.
ROI and Contest Entry
During your contest entry you will be asked to provide the following information: email address, name, company name and telephone number, name of process, number of documents handled, average pages per document, how documents are received and whether documents are scanned. You are asked to provide this information so we can personalize your ROI experience. We use your email address to deliver the Total Cost of Processing Report. After you have completed your ROI, one of our representatives may contact you personally by telephone or email to speak with you about our product. We will contact the contest winner by telephone or email.
Download of Free Plug In
If you wish to download our free plug in you will be asked to provide the following information: email address, name, company name, mailing address and telephone number. One of our representatives may contact you by telephone or email to discuss our product.
Sign Up
When you sign up for our service you will be asked to provide the following information: name, company name, company type, position, company URL, mailing address and telephone number. This information will be used for licensing and billing purposes and for customer service.
Statistical Information about your visit
When you visit our website, our computers may automatically collect statistics about your visit. This information does not identify you personally, but gives us details about a visit to our site. We may monitor statistics such as how many people visit our site, the user's IP address, which pages people visit, from which domains our visitors come and which browsers people use. We use these aggregate statistics about visitors to help us improve the performance of our Web site. The only information we link to your personal information is your IP address so we can display new links to marketing information to you such as links to case studies.
Log Files
As is true of most Web sites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files.
This information includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data.
We use this information, which does not identify individual users, to analyze trends, to administer the site, to track users’ movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole.
We do link this automatically-collected data to personal information.
IP addresses are tied to personal information to track sales leads.
Sharing Information
We use the information you provide for the purposes disclosed in this statement.  We do not share information with other third parties except in the following instances:
The only circumstances under which personal information will be shared in a manner inconsistent to that stated above is to comply with a the law or legal process such as a court order or judicial proceeding, to protect or defend the rights or property of i-fax.com
or others, to enforce our Terms of Service or to respond to claims against our web site.
Third Party Intermediaries
We use an outside accounting service to bill users for services. This company does not retain, share, store or use personal information for any secondary purposes. i-fax does not share, sell, rent, or trade PII with third parties for their promotional purposes.
Business Transitions
In the event i-fax.com
Inc. goes through a business transition, such as a merger, being acquired by another company, or selling a portion of its assets, users' personal information will, in most instances, be part of the assets transferred. Users will be notified via prominent notice on our Web site for 30 days prior to a change of ownership or control of their personal information. If as a result of the business transition, the users' personal information will be used in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection they will be given choice consistent with our notification of changes section.
Choice/Opt-Out
Our users are given the opportunity to opt-out of phone and email communications.
You will find the opt-out mechanism at the end of this Privacy Statement. You may also contact us at service@i-fax.com to opt-out or you may follow the unsubscribe instructions contained in each of the promotional email
communications you receive.
Testimonials
We display personal testimonials of satisfied customers on our site in addition to other endorsements. With your consent we may post your testimonial along with your name. If you wish to update or delete your testimonial, you can contact us at service@i-fax.com.
Security
We take security seriously and employ industry accepted standards in protecting your information on our site. We have put security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse, and alteration of any information we receive from you. However, there is always some element of risk involved in communicating information over the internet. To minimize this risk, we encrypt all information that you submit in entering our contest, doing our demo, downloading our plug in and signing up for our service using the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol. This Web site takes every precaution to protect our users' information.
Links to 3rd Party Site
Our Site includes links to other Web sites whose privacy practices may differ from those of i-fax.com Inc. If you submit personal information to any of those sites, your information is governed by their privacy policies. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy statement of any Web site you visit.
Changing or Deleting Personal Information
If you would like to change or delete any information in our records please contact us via email at service@i-fax.com, or at the address given at the end of this Privacy Statement.
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Changes to Privacy Statement
If a material change is made to this Privacy Statement and/or the way we use your personal information then, we will post prominent notice of the nature of such change on the first page of this Privacy Statement and also on our home page. If the use of your personal information changes you will have a choice as to whether or not we use your information in this different manner.
We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time, so please review it frequently.
If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of a notice on our homepage.
Contact Information
Questions regarding this privacy statement should be directed to service@i-fax.com.
Email:
service@i-fax.com
Postal Address:
4142 Ogletown
Stanton Rd #221
Newark, DE
19713-4169
If do not wish to be contacted by phone or email after the demo or ROI, please provide the email address you used while on this website.
(Please be aware that you will be contacted by email once as part of the demo.)
Email:
HOME | DEMO | ROI | PLUG-IN | TOOLS | TERMS OF SERVICE | OUR TECHNOLOGY | PRICING | FAQ'S | PRIVACY | CONTACT
ABOUT US
© 2013 i-fax.com
Inc. All rights reserved. i-fax and the i-fax logo are
trademarks of i-fax.com
Inc. HP is a trademark of the Hewlett-Packard
Company. All other brand or product names are trade marks or registered
trade marks of their respective owners.