http://www.intelseek.com/privacy.asp
I.S. search engine privacy policy.
Home   What's New?   Submit Your Site!   Last 12 Sites Submitted   Advertise with Us   Classified Ads   16 More!
See God in every person, place, and thing, and all will be well in your world. - Louise Hay
Search I.S.
Search On:
All Words
Any Words
General
We respect the privacy of our customers and we've created this privacy statement so that you have easy access to information about our privacy practices. In general,
we do not collect, store, use or disclose personally identifying information except in very specific instances, such as, for example, when you enroll as an advertiser with us. Whenever we collect such information, you will have a choice regarding whether to provide it, how it will be used, and to whom it will be disclosed. The instances in which
we do collect and use information are specifically described in this Privacy Policy.
Information we request, and how we use it
In several areas of this web site
we ask you to provide various information by filling out and submitting an online form. We ask for your name, address and contact information so we can send you your order, and so we can contact you if we have a question about your order. We ask for credit card information so we can fulfill your order, and so we can provide this information to the company or companies who process your credit card payment. We do not share or sell your personal information, including email addresses.
Information we do not collect
When you visit our site, we do not collect your name, email address or any other personal information unless you provide it to us.
How we use email
After you complete any form on our site, you will receive an email confirmation of your submission.  Occasionally, we will send a Newsletter or email updates on sales and products, to listed subscribers who we think might be interested in learning about sales and special events at our site. Unsubscribe instructions are included in each edition of the newsletter/email so that you may unsubscribe at any time.
Information we do not share with others
we do not share, sell or trade email addresses, information collected as part of a survey or specific details about you or your household. We do not contribute to or participate in shared or cooperative databases, which give other companies access to your personal information. We do not release credit card or financial information for use by other companies. For privacy purposes, all information relating to our customers is stored on a highly secure server, and all credit card information is stored
offline in an encrypted format.
Home   What's New?   Submit Your Site!   Last 12 Sites Submitted   Advertise with Us   Classified Ads   16 More!
Search Engine: © Copyright 2002 - 2020
MGA Web Productions All Rights Reserved.Contact Information: P.O. Box 6813, Thomasville, GA
31758  Ph: 229-227-6629 |
Email Us
Search Engine Terms of Use and Search Engine Privacy Policy