https://www.alphasoftware.com/privacy-policy?hsLang=en
781-229-4500
Platform
Alpha TransForm
TransForm Tuesday Webcasts
TransForm Free Trial
TransForm Sample Apps
TransForm Learning Center
Alpha Anywhere
Alpha Anywhere Free Trial
Deployment
System Requirements
MS Access Conversion
Alpha Anywhere Sample Apps
SaaS Solutions
Industry Solutions
Customer Reviews
Services & Support
Professional Services
Customer Success & Mentoring
Support
Training
Resources
Documentation
Events and Webinars
Case Study Library
Video Library
White Paper Library
User Forum
DevCon2020
Company
The Alpha Story
Management
Customers
Partners
Alpha News
Analyst Coverage
Careers
Contact Us
Blog
Pricing
TransForm Pricing
Alpha Anywhere Pricing
Alpha Anywhere Academic Program
GETTING TO KNOW THE BUSTLE HUBSPOT STARTER PACK
Alpha Software Privacy Policy
Last updated: March 15, 2018
At Alpha Software (“Alpha Software”, “we” or “us”), we place the highest importance on respecting and protecting the privacy of our customers. Our most important asset is our relationship with you. We want you to feel comfortable and confident when using our website, our apps, and our service. Therefore, we would like to share with you the following principles that govern our information practices and other privacy aspects of our website, our apps, and our service. Throughout this policy, we refer to information that personally identifies you as "personal information."
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We will update this privacy policy when necessary to reflect customer feedback and changes in our services as well as applicable laws, rules and regulations. When we post changes to this policy, we will revise the "last updated" date at the top of the policy and post the updated policy at www.alphasoftware.com/privacy-policy. If there are material changes to the statement or in how Alpha Software will use your personal data, we will notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes before they take effect or by directly sending you a notification. We encourage you to periodically review this privacy policy to learn how Alpha Software is protecting your information. Using Alpha Software websites, apps, or services after a notice of changes has been sent to you or published on our website shall constitute consent to the changed terms and practices. Unless stated otherwise, our current privacy policy applies to all information that Alpha Software has about you and your account.
You can contact us
If you have privacy-related questions that are not addressed here, please contact the Privacy Team or write us at: custserv@alphasoftware.com, or Alpha Software, 70 Blanchard Road, Burlington MA 01803.
Important Information for Citizens of the European Union
More information regarding our compliance with the EU GDPR privacy regulations.
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order, subscribe to our newsletter or fill out a form.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number or credit card information. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
What Do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience
(your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
To improve our website
(we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
To improve customer service
(your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
To process transactions
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
To send periodic emails
The email address you provide for order processing, may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.
Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email
How do we protect your information?
We do not sell or rent your personal information to anyone.
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your personal information.
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to?keep the information confidential.
After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.
Do we use cookies?
Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.
We use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart, understand and save your preferences for future visits and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third Party Links
When you click on links on our website, in our apps, or through our service, you may leave our website or app. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other websites and we encourage you to read the privacy statements at such websites.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
As part of the California Online Privacy Protection Act, all users of our site may make any changes to their information at anytime by logging into email preferences at by clicking the link at the bottom of any email. You may also contact us by phone at 781-229-4500 or by email at custserv@alphasoftware.com
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
Organization Information:
Alpha Software Corporation
70 Blanchard Road
Burlington, MA 01803
Alpha Software Corporation70 Blanchard Rd.Burlington, MA 01803781-229-4500
Trending:
Mobile App Development / Low-Code / Digital Transformation / Enterprise Mobility / Mobile Forms Builder
Product
Alpha Anywhere Alpha Transform Alpha Launch Alpha Cloud
Customer Support
Documentation Discussion Forums Help & Tutorial Videos
About Us
Who We Are Customer Stories Company News Upcoming Events
Companies using Alpha
Privacy Policy
© Copyright 2020 Alpha Software Corporation. All Rights Reserved.