http://www.arcontech.com/cookie-policy/
Cookie Policy
About cookies – supporting your informed choice
Cookies are small text files stored on your device when you access most websites on the internet.
We use cookies to help manage our website, make it easier to use and support the provision of relevant information and functionality to you, as well as provide us with information about how our website is used so that we can make sure it is as up-to-date, relevant and error-free.
By using our website, you agree to the use of cookies as described in this Cookie Policy
Cookies set across our website can be in the form of session cookies (lasting only as long as your visit to our website) or persistent cookies, and may use different technologies, such as JavaScript or Flash.
You can choose to manage the cookies we use on our website through your internet browser settings at any time. For more information about how to do this, and about cookies in general, you can visit allaboutcookies.org. Certain cookies may be set as soon as you visit our website, but you can remove them using your internet browser settings.
Please note that preventing cookies is likely to impact the functionality or performance of our website or prevent you from using certain services provided through it. If you choose to do so, we cannot guarantee access to the services provided through our website or be sure how our website will perform during your visit. Doing so will also affect our ability to update our website to cater for user preferences and improve its performance.
If you have any further questions, would like any further clarification around our use of cookies or wish to discuss online privacy, please email us at: mail@arcontech.com
Further Information
Further general information about cookies is available at: allaboutcookies.org
Further information about Google Analytics is available at: google.com
To prevent tracking by Google Analytics, visit: google.com
What Are Cookies?
Cookies are tiny files that we place into a folder on your computer when you visit our website.
They allow us to customise and performance enhance your browsing experience.
We set out below information to help your understanding of the cookies that we use.
Cookie Information
We use two types of cookies which vary by the length of time they remain active:
Session Cookies
Set by a site, which are deleted when the visitor closes their browser.
Persistent Cookies
Set by a site, which are stored on the visitor’s device and expire on a given date.
Cookie Groupings
To make it easier for you to understand the way in which we use cookies, they have been grouped into the categories below.
Your Visit
These cookies are used to ensure that your journey through our website is smooth. They will typically remember what settings you have applied or any preferences that you have set so that they are not forgotten when you click through to a different screen.
User Preferences
These cookies are used to remember your individual preferences. On our website this may include the enabling of automatic form completion or what you have selected before.
Analytics
Software which uses Analytics cookies is intended to provide us with an overview of traffic trends throughout our sites using such analytics software. These trends may include information such as your chosen browser, whether you are accessing using a smartphone or laptop, participation in marketing/email campaigns, page views, session length, etc. No personal or identifiable information is collected or used.
To opt out of Google’s use of cookies visit: google.com
To opt out of Clicky’s use of cookies visit: clicky.com
How can I check if cookies are enabled?
Please be aware that if you disable cookies it will not be possible to use most if not all of our websites. To check the current status of cookies please click on your browser from the list below for step-by-step instructions:
Internet Explorer
1.	Click on ‘Tools’ at the top of your browser window and select ‘Internet options’ , then click on the ‘Privacy’ tab
2.	Ensure that your Privacy level is set to Medium or below, which will enable cookies in your browser. Settings above Medium will disable cookies.
Google Chrome
1.	Click on the menu icon near the top-right of your browser window and select ‘Settings’.
2.	On the ‘Settings’ screen, click ‘Show advanced settings…’.
3.	Now click the ‘Content settings…’ button. This will display your cookies settings. The first option ‘Allow local data to be set (recommended)’ should be selected.
Safari
1.	Click on ‘Safari’ at the top of your browser window and select the ‘Preferences’ option
2.	Click on ‘Security’, then ‘Accept cookies’ and select ‘Always’.
Firefox
1.	Click on the menu icon near the top-right of your browser window and select ‘Options’.
2.	Select ‘Privacy’, and in the ‘History’ section the drop-down menu labelled ‘Firefox will:’ select ‘Remember History’ should be selected.
Other
There are a number of other browsers available that will all have their own unique way of setting cookies, for assistance with these individual browsers please refer to their help section.
Can I enable cookies on Arcontech’s website but not on other sites?
It’s possible to only accept Cookies when you are on our website by adding our web address to a ‘safe list’. Here is how to do this in different browsers:
Internet Explorer
1.	Click on ‘Tools’ at the top of your browser window and select ‘Internet options’, then click on the ‘Privacy’ tab.
2.	Under the ‘Settings’ menu, slide the bar to the top, so that ‘Block All Cookies’ is selected.
3.	Click the ‘Sites’ button and enter www.arcontech.com (for example) in the ‘Address of website’ bar, then select ‘Allow’.
Google Chrome
1.	Click on the menu icon near the top-right of your browser window and select ‘Settings’.
2.	On the ‘Settings’ screen, click ‘Show advanced settings…’.
3.	Now select ‘Block sites from setting any data’ then select the ‘Manage exceptions’ button.
4.	In the ‘Hostname Pattern’ field type www.arcontech.com (for example) and ensure that the ‘Behaviour’ is set to ‘Allow’.
Safari
1.	Click on ‘Safari’ at the top of your browser window and select the ‘Preferences’ option.
2.	Click on ‘Security’, then ‘Accept cookies’ and select ‘Only from site you navigate to’.
Firefox
1.	Click on the menu icon near the top-right of your browser window and select ‘Options’.
2.	In the first drop-down menu labelled ‘Firefox will:’ select ‘Use custom settings for history’.
3.	Click the ‘Exceptions…’ button
4.	In the ‘Address of web site’ field type www.arcontech.com (for example) and click ‘Allow’.
Other
There are a number of other browsers available that will all have their own unique way of setting cookie exceptions, for assistance with these individual browsers please refer to their help section.
Further Questions
If you have any questions or concerns about any of our cookies or policies, please feel free to email us at: mail@arcontech.com
Diversity & Accessibility |Modern Slavery|Terms of use | Privacy Notice |Cookie Policy
© Copyright Arcontech PLC 1999-2020. Company Number:4062416. VAT No:778 5805 71.
+44 (0)20 7256 2300
We use cookies to give you the best possible experience on our website. By continuing to browse this site or by choosing to accept this message, you give consent for cookies to be used. For more details please read our Cookie Policy. Accept