https://www.kinetic.com/privacy-policy/
Hey, looking for our logo?
Go to our Media Page
Home
The Company
The Services
The Work
Contact Us
Client Extranet
Search Kinetic.com
Press (esc) to close
Kinetic Communications recognizes the importance of protecting the privacy of all information provided by visitors to our website, recipients of our e-mail correspondents, and our clients and business associates. Privacy matters, but it can sure be confusing. This page explains our approach to privacy on all Kinetic websites and how it affects you.
Short version
We collect anonymous statistics about your visit to our website, like which of our pages you viewed.
If you fill out one of our forms, we take great care to keep your information safe and we’ll never share it with others without your express permission.
We never share your data with third parties except to help us deliver our own services.
These are just the key points. If you need detail, keep reading.
Measuring our visitors
We measure visitors to our websites and products using Google Analytics. This service records what pages you view within our site, how you arrived at our site and some basic information about your computer. The information we collect helps us understand what parts of our sites are doing well, how people arrive at our site and so on. Like most websites, we use this information to make our website better. You can learn more about Google Analytics or opt out if you wish. Google Analytics data is automatically deleted 26 months after your last visit. Our websites and products include videos hosted by YouTube. They record anonymous, aggregated statistics that help us optimize our video content (e.g. at which points in the video are people most likely to stop watching).
Security
Kinetic takes many precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information. These precautions include:
• Use of SSL encryption for sensitive data
• Hardware stored in secured data centers behind firewalls
• All access to information restricted by password and/or secure key
• Restrictions to what information can be accessed via any location
While we take great care to ensure any confidential information remains protected, we cannot guarantee the security of data sent over the Internet.
The remaining sections of this privacy policy have been added in accordance with the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
Cookies
Cookies are small pieces of information sent by a website to a visitor’s hard disk. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. By continuing to visit the website, you agree to the placement of cookies on your device. If you choose not to accept our cookies, we cannot guarantee that your experience will be as fulfilling as it would otherwise be. We may also place cookies from third parties for functional and marketing purposes. The use of cookies is widespread and benefits the surfer.
What are cookies?
For modern websites to work according to visitors’ expectations, they need to collect certain basic information about visitors. To do this, a site will create small text files which are placed on visitors’ devices – these files are known as cookies. Cookies are uniquely assigned to each visitor, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to the visitor. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to a visitor’s device.
Cookies do various jobs which make the visitor’s experience of the internet much smoother and more interactive. For instance, cookies are used to remember the visitor’s preferences on sites they visit often, to remember language preference and to help navigate between pages more efficiently. Much, though not all, of the data collected is anonymous, though some of it is designed to detect browsing patterns and approximate geographical location to improve the visitor experience.
How are cookies used on Kinetic.com?
Kinetic places cookies to store and then retrieve small bits of information on your computer when you visit. This is to ensure that our content is tailored to your specifications, thereby improving the visitor experience of the site. Amongst other things, the cookies we use allow visitors to sign in to our extranet and let us calculate (anonymously) how many visitors the website has.
We believe that the visitor experience of the website would be adversely affected if visitors opt out of the cookies we use.
What type of cookies are there and which ones do we use?
Cookies can be categorized by how long they are stored and their function.
Cookies categorized by length of storage:
Persistent cookies
Persistent cookies remain on a visitor’s device for a set period of time specified in the cookie. They are activated each time that the visitor visits the website that created that particular cookie.
Examples of how we use persistent cookies:
• Allowing visitors to save their login credentials
• Calculating the number of site visitors
Session cookies
Session cookies are temporary. They allow website operators to link the actions of a visitor during a browser session. A browser session starts when a visitor opens a browser window and finishes when they close it. Once you close the browser, all session cookies are deleted.
Examples of how we use session cookies:
• To improve the usability of our site
• To route the visitor to the most available web server
Cookies categorized according to function:
Strictly necessary cookies
Strictly necessary cookies are essential to navigate around a website and to use its features. Without them, visitors would not be able to use some site features. These cookies do not gather information about visitors that could be used for marketing or remembering where a visitor has been on the internet.
Examples of how Kinetic uses ‘strictly necessary’ cookies include:
• Allowing visitors to sign in to the extranet as a registered user
Performance cookies
Performance cookies collect anonymous data for statistical purposes on how visitors use a website, they don’t contain personal information, and are used to improve the visitor experience.
Examples of how Kinetic uses performance cookies include:
• Gathering data about visits to the website, including numbers of visitors and visits, length of time spent on the site, pages clicked on or where visitors have come from
• Information supplied by performance cookies helps us understand how visitors use the website; for example, whether or not visitors have visited before, what visitors looked at or clicked on and how they found us
• Information supplied by performance cookies is used in (re)marketing activities
Functionality cookies
Functionality cookies allow visitors to customize how a website looks for them: they can remember usernames, language preferences and regions.
Examples of how Kinetic uses functionality cookies include:
• Remembering login information for the extranet
How can visitors control cookies?
Visitors must be aware that any preferences will be lost if cookies are deleted, and many websites will not work properly, or functionality will be lost. Kinetic therefore does not recommend turning cookies off when using Kinetic.com.
Most browsers accept cookies automatically, but visitors can alter the settings of their browser to erase cookies or to prevent automatic acceptance. Browsers generally provide the option to see the cookies currently stored and to accept, reject or delete cookies, block third party cookies, block cookies from particular sites, accept all cookies and subscribe to a notification when a cookie is issued. A visit to the ‘options’ or ‘preferences’ menu on their browser will allow visitors to change settings. The browser help section usually provide detailed information on how this is accomplished.
Managing performance cookies
It is possible to opt out of having your anonymized browsing activity within websites recorded by performance cookies. Visitors can prevent their data from being used by installing a browser add-on that blocks the functionality.
Kinetic uses the following tools for recording performance cookies:
• Google Analytics
• Google Adwords
Visitor consent
By continuing to use the website, you agree to the placement of cookies on your device. If you choose not to receive our cookies, we cannot guarantee that your experience will be as fulfilling as it would otherwise be.
Links to other sites
Please be aware that while visiting our site, visitors can follow links to other sites that are beyond our sphere of influence. Kinetic is not responsible for the content or privacy policy of these other sites.
Users & Respondents
In order to provide services to its visitors, Kinetic collects certain types of data from them. Furthermore, Kinetic employees collect information from respondents who fill out our forms. This section will describe how data is collected. Data entered or transferred to Kinetic such as inquiries, contact information, media files, etc., remains the property of visitor and may not be shared with a third party by Kinetic without express consent from the visitor.
Respondents should be aware that in responding to our online forms, they could be disclosing information that could make them personally identifiable to Kinetic employees. The security and privacy protection implemented on Kinetic’s platform does not cover this type of transfer or disclosure of personal information. Respondents responding to our online forms should be aware that they alone are responsible for the content of their responses. It is the Kinetic employee’s responsibility to ensure that collection and processing of data is done in accordance with applicable law. Kinetic will not process personal data of respondents for other purposes or by other means than instructed by Kinetic management.
Collection of user and respondent data
During a respondent’s completion of various website forms, they provide information such as name, company name, email, address, telephone, and other relevant data. This information is used by Kinetic to identify the user and provide them with support, services, mailings, sales and marketing actions, and contractual obligations.
Kinetic will not retain user data longer than is necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected or as required by applicable laws or regulations.
The purpose of collecting personal data as part of our online forms will vary depending on the online form, as set up by Kinetic. For users in the EEA, Kinetic will be the “controller,” as defined in the Directive and the GDPR. The purpose will consequently be defined by Kinetic.
If you or your organization are required under the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) to enter into a contract, or other binding legal act under EU or Member State law, with your data processors, contact us at info@kinetic.com for official procedures.
Geographical location
Kinetic currently processes all personal data is solely in the United States
Controller
Kinetic processes personal data both as a Processor and as a Controller, as defined in the Directive and the GDPR. All data collected by Kinetic through online forms will be stored exclusively in secure hosting facilities provided by LiquidWeb and internal Kinetic servers. Kinetic has a data processing agreement in place with its provider, ensuring compliance with the Directive. All hosting is performed in accordance with the highest security regulations. The Google Analytics scripts in use allow for the collection of personal data and in this situation, Google acts as a Processor.
Processing
Kinetic processes data solely in data centers located in United States. Kinetic has adopted reasonable physical, technical and organizational safeguards which substantially mirror the EU safeguards against accidental, unauthorized or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, disclosure, access, use or processing of the Users data in Kinetic’s possession. Kinetic will promptly notify the User in the event of any known unauthorized access to, or use of, the User’s data.
All data collected by Kinetic Users through forms will be stored exclusively in secure hosting facilities provided by LiquidWeb and internal Kinetic servers. Kinetic’s contract with its hosting provider ensures that all hosting is performed in accordance with the highest security regulations. Accordingly, Kinetic adheres to practices and policies that aim to safeguard the data.
Retention and deletion
Kinetic will not retain data longer than is necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected or as required by applicable laws or regulations. For respondent data, Kinetic’s employees have control of the purpose for collecting data, and the duration for which the personal data may be kept. If and where requested by a user or respondent, all personal data will be deleted, as required by applicable law.
Acceptance of these Conditions
We assume that all visitors of our website and/or respondents to forms, have carefully read this document and agree to its contents. If someone does not agree with this privacy policy, they should refrain from using our website. We reserve the right to change our privacy policy as necessity dictates. Continued use of Kinetic website after having been informed of any such changes to these conditions implies acceptance of the revised privacy policy. This privacy policy is an integral part of Kinetic’s terms of use.
Our Legal Obligation to Disclose Personal Information
We will reveal a user’s personal information without his/her prior permission only when we have reason to believe that the disclosure of this information is required to establish the identity of, to contact or to initiate legal proceedings against a person or persons who are suspected of infringing rights or property belonging to Kinetic or to others who could be harmed by the user’s activities or of persons who could (deliberately or otherwise) transgress upon these rights and property. We are permitted to disclose personal information when we have good reason to believe that this is legally required.
Kinetic’s Data Protection Officer
For GDPR compliance, you can contact Kinetic’s Data Protection Officer at the following address:
Kinetic Communications
Attn: Data Protection Officer
2025 Morris Avenue
Birmingham, AL 35203
For Further Information
If you have any further questions regarding the data Kinetic collects, or how we use it, then please feel free to contact us by email at info@kinetic.com or at the following address:
Kinetic Communications
Attn: Data Protection Officer
2025 Morris Avenue
Birmingham, AL 35203