http://www.digital-interactive.com/privacy
Home /
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Digital Interactive Ltd are committed to upholding the highest standards of data protection and the privacy of the data we process. This privacy statement details our approach to data protection. By using this site or sending any personal data to us, you agree to its use by Digital Interactive Ltd in accordance with this privacy statement. If you have questions on our privacy policy, please contact us.
Data Collection
We only collect identifiable personal data or information that is specifically and voluntarily provided by a visitor to this website or through an email. We only request limited identifiable information, such as name, company address, email address, and telephone numbers. Typically, we collect identifying information to:
Fulfil a request for further information. For example, an enquiry regarding our products and services
Use of Data
When a visitor provides personal data to us, we will use it only for the purposes for which it was provided to us, as stated at the point of collection. Examples of the types of use are given in the ‘data collection’ section above. Our website doesn’t collect or compile personally identifying information for dissemination or sale. We do not pass or sell your information to third parties.
Data Controller
Digital Interactive Ltd (Data Protection Register registration no. Z3055308) is the data controller of any personal data collected through this website and will process such data in accordance with current data legislation in the UK.
Access to Information
If you would like to update any personal data you have submitted through this site, please do so by emailing us using the details on the contact page.
If you would like details of the information which you have submitted to us through this site, you have a right of access to such information and you may contact us via the same method above.
Data Retention
The personal data you submit to us will only be retained for as long as is necessary for the purposes for which it was collected or as required by law. For example, if you request a trial of our software, we will only keep your details for the life of the trial or up to three months after the trial has closed.
Cookies
What are Cookies
As is common practice with almost all professional websites this site uses cookies, which are tiny files that are downloaded to your computer, to improve the user experience. This page describes what information they gather, how we use it and why we sometimes need to store these cookies.
How we Use Cookies
We use cookies for a variety of reasons detailed below. Unfortunately, in most cases there are no industry standard options for disabling cookies without completely disabling the functionality and features they add to the website.
Disabling Cookies
You can prevent the setting of cookies by adjusting the settings on your browser. Please note, disabling cookies may downgrade or 'break' certain elements of the site’s functionality.
Third Party Cookies
In some special cases we use cookies provided by trusted third parties. The following section details which third party cookies you might encounter through this site.
This site uses Google Analytics which is one of the most widespread and trusted analytics solutions on the web. This helps us understand how people use the site and ways that we can improve the experience. These cookies may anonymously track things such as how long you spend on the site and the pages that you visit so we can continue to produce engaging content. For more information on Google Analytics cookies, see the official Google Analytics page.