https://www.oasys-software.com/privacy-policy/
Terms & Conditions
Contents
Go to -> Company Details
Go to -> Licensing of Oasys software – Licensing Documentation PDF
Go to -> Help with ordering
Data Security
Website Terms and Conditions
Software Licensing Terms
Data Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect.
All data is stored in secure electronic systems accessible only to Oasys staff with both valid network login credentials and specific authorisation to access the system.  Our systems further limit data access by role to ensure data is available only to those who have a specific need to see it.
If at any point you suspect or receive a suspicious communication from someone suggesting they work for Oasys or a website claiming to be affiliated with Oasys, please forward the communication to us or report the incident by email to oasys@arup.com or in writing to Oasys, 13 Fitzroy Street, London, UK, W1T 4BQ as soon as possible.
Data Security Notice Updated 27th February 2020
[ top ]
Website Terms and Conditions
The contents of this web site are protected by copyright and other intellectual property rights under international conventions. No copying of any words, images, graphic representations or other information contained in this web site is permitted without the prior written permission of the webmaster for this site.
Oasys accepts no responsibility for the content of any external site that links to or from this site.
[ top ]
Software Licensing Terms
Terms and Conditions of Purchase
The full conditions of purchase and maintenance for all Oasys software are set out in the Oasys Software Licence and Support Agreement. All prices are subject to TAX at the current rate.
Prices and specifications are subject to change without notice – please ask for a written quotation.
Although every care has been taken to ensure the accuracy of all information contained herein, the contents do not form or constitute a representation, warranty, or part of any contract.
Superseded Versions of Terms and Conditions
Oasys keeps copies of all superseded versions of its terms and conditions.
Maintenance & Support Services
Support and maintenance is included with all subscription licences for their full duration.
Annual maintenance contracts are available for software under a perpetual licence, prices are based on a percentage of the most recent list price.
This service includes:
telephone/email/web based support
free software updates available via internet download
personalised output header for many products
Privacy Policy
Oasys Cookies and Privacy in Plain English
At Oasys we aim to comply with all relevant data protection and privacy regulations, being based in the UK in practical terms this means the GDPR and the Data Protection Act 2018.
Any information that we collect from you or about you is for our use only and we will not share this with anyone outside our company unless legally required to do so.
So what information do we collect, how do we collect it, why do we collect it and what do we use it for?
If you visit our website, then cookies will be placed on your computer and we will be able to tell that someone from your location visited our side at a particular time and visited a number of pages.   This information tells us quite a lot about how our site is working and how many people are visiting but nothing about you as an individual.
If you send us an email or a request for further information, then we will consider ourselves properly introduced. We will file your enquiry along with our reply as well as entering the contact details you provided into our Customer Relationship Management (CRM) system, so we can find them again and properly manage our response to your enquiry.
We sometimes find contact details via public directories such as LinkedIn. We only contact people who would appear to have a business interest in our products.
We will assume that you remain interested in our products and services until you tell us otherwise and we may email or call you from time to time about the product you enquired about and related products. If you are no longer interested then just let us know by emailing us at oasys@arup.com or selecting the “unsubscribe” option in any of our emails..
If you create an account on our website then the website “backend” will store sufficient information that it can recognise you when you return later.   What your account does not store is any sort of payment details e.g. credit card payments. These are managed through a third party so your card details are entirely invisible to us and not stored anywhere on our systems.
If you are a user of our software then we need to know a little more about you to provide you with access to the software you have bought, to provide you with technical support and updates, and of course to be able to administer your account.
As a customer, as well as records in CRM, there will be separate records in our support system relating to any questions you may have asked and in our licencing system.   The licence portal information will be relating to your company and not you as an individual.
And here is our formal policy… same stuff but a more formal format..
Privacy and Cookies
At Oasys we are committed to ensuring your privacy and adhering to relevant data privacy laws. Customer data is a valuable part of our business so we protect it as we would protect our own personal data.
We may change this privacy notice from time to time by updating this page.
What information do we collect?
When you use this website, we may collect the following information:
the areas of the website that you visit
information about your computer, such as which browser you are using, your network location, the type of connection you are using (e.g. broadband, ADSL etc) and your IP address
We do this by using cookies, which are small files that help us track how our visitors use the website and enable us to understand where we can improve your experience. If you would like to find out which cookies we use and the information they track see our Cookies Policy.
Once you submit or register information through our website we will know who you are and your activities on this website and information about you and/or your company may be recorded on our systems. For example, we may ask for personal information when you download our software including:
your name
company name (optional)
job title (optional)
email address
postal addresses – billing and “end user”
telephone number
country where you are based
your comments/questions
services/markets you are interested in
We may also collect personal information from telephone calls and/or other correspondence with you.
What do we do with the information we collect?
The information we capture is used for the reasons below:
provide you with our services (whether available via the website or offline)
website development
understanding how our visitors interact on the website
understanding what our clients are interested in
understanding what potential clients are interested in
dealing with enquiries/concerns
marketing our services and people to you
market research
service development
internal record keeping
Legal Basis for Processing your personal data
We rely on the following legal bases to process your personal data:
To perform our contract with you
To meet regulatory obligations
Where it is necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interests, including:
contacting you regarding products or services which we believe may be of interest to you based on past purchases.
contacting you regarding products or services which we believe may be of interest to you based on past enquiries.
Marketing
We would like to provide you with information about our services and other information which we think you may find interesting. We may send you such information by physical or electronic communication, unless you have asked us not to do so.
We will not provide your personal information to other organisations for marketing purposes.
If at any time you do not want your information used for direct marketing purposes, please contact us at oasys@arup.com, or follow the unsubscribe link in our marketing email messages.
Who do we share this information with?
We may share your personal information with companies acting on our behalf who will only use the information to provide that service. However, we will retain control of your data and any third-party service provider that we use must act in accordance with our instructions. We may also share your personal information with a purchaser or potential purchaser of our business.
In some circumstances, we may have to disclose your personal information by law, because a court or the police or other law enforcement agency has asked us for it.
Your rights
You have the right:
To be informed about our use of your personal information
To access any personal information we hold about you
To request the correction of any inaccurate personal information held
To request that we delete your data, or stop processing it or collecting it, in some circumstances
To stop direct marketing messages, which can be done by emailing a request to oasys@arup.com or selecting the “unsubscribe” option in any of our emails.
If you would like to exercise any of your rights please write to us at Oasys, 13 Fitzroy St, London, UK W1T 4BQ or email us at oasys@arup.com.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the data protection regulator:
Information Commissioners Office (ICO)
Wycliffe House,
Water Ln,
Wilmslow SK9 5AF
UK
Privacy Notice Updated 27th February 2020
Data Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect.
All data is stored in secure electronic systems accessible only to Oasys staff with both valid network login credentials and specific authorisation to access the system.   Our systems further limit data access by role to ensure data is available only to those who have a specific need to see it.
If at any point you suspect or receive a suspicious communication from someone suggesting they work for Oasys or a website claiming to be affiliated with Oasys, please forward the communication to us or report the incident by email to oasys@arup.com or in writing to Oasys, 13 Fitzroy Street, London, UK, W1T 4BQ as soon as possible.
Data Security Notice Updated 27th February 2020
Our Cookies
To be able to use the site fully and to do simple things like adding a product to your basket, your browser will need to be able to accept cookies. These are tiny text files stored on your computer which do not contain any sensitive information.
Here is a list of the main cookies we use and place on your computer, and what we use them for.
Cookie_Name
What it’s for
Frontend
Strictly Necessary – This cookie enables the basic functionality of using our site, such as adding an item to your basket and knowing if you are logged in or not. This cookie is essential to running the website.
oasys_cookie_acceptance
Strictly Necessary – Records your cookie acceptance settings
Cookies from WooCommerce  that record currency,  etc..
aelia_cs_selected_currency
Ecommerce cookie. Set by the WordPress plugin “Aelia Currency Switcher for WooCommerce”. Contains information about the currency selected in WooCommerce.
Cookies from Google Analytics.
Cookies used as part of the Google Analytics create and reports information about our website, not individual users.  You can read more about these cookies at https://developers.google.com/analytics/devguides/collection/analyticsjs/cookie-usage
_ga
Used to distinguish users.
_gid
Used to distinguish users.
Cookies from HotJar that are used to provide feedback on how a selected portion of site users navigate through the site.
_hjCachedUserAttributes
This cookie stores User Attributes which are sent through the Hotjar Identify API, whenever the user is not in the sample. These attributes will only be saved if the user interacts with a Hotjar Feedback tool.
_hjIncludedInSample
Hotjar cookie. This session cookie is set to let Hotjar know whether that visitor is included in the sample which is used to generate funnels.
Cookies from Olark chat.
olfsk
storage identifier that we use to maintain chat state across pages (e.g. message history)
wcsid
a session identifier that we use only on your site to keep track of a single chat session
_okck
used to test whether the visitor’s browser allows cookies to be stored
_ok
most recent Olark site ID (security measure)
_okbk
extra state information (e.g. chat box being open/closed)
_okdetect
used for detecting when storage contexts have changed due to things like ssl or host transitions (helps maintain your chat across pages)
_okgid
group id the visitor is locked to
_oklv
the Olark loader version (for improved caching)
Newsletter Sign up
Please fill out your details below to receive the latest oasys news.
Name*Email*
Terms and Conditions*
Tick here to agree to our terms and conditions. Read more
EmailThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.