https://www.xgentech.com/about-us/policies/privacy-policy/
Skip to primary navigation Skip to main content Skip to primary sidebar Skip to footer
Home
Services
Web Site Design & Application Development
Sample Website Designs
Web Hosting
Domain Name Registration
SMS Broadcasting
Email Broadcasting
About Us
About Us
Billing & Payment
Business Partners
Recruitments
Policies
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Proper Use Policy
Hosting Agreement
Server Uptime and Network Uptime Policy & Guarantee
Refund Policy
Support
EMAIL
Email Basics
Setting Up Email Clients
Setting Up POP3 Email Account
Setting Up POP3 E-mail Forwarding, E-mail Aliases and Autoresponders
FTP
IP Address
Support Ticket
Contact Us
Cart
Checkout
0 itemsRM0.00You are here: Home / About Us / Policies / Privacy Policy
XGEN TECHNOLOGIES SDN BHD operates the XGENTECH.COM website, which provides various IT related services.
This page is used to inform website visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service, the Website Name website.
If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation with this policy. The Personal Information that we collect are used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at Website URL, unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to your name, phone number, and postal address. The information that we collect will be used to contact or identify you.
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you visit our Service, we collect information that your browser sends to us that is called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser version, pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with small amount of data that is commonly used an anonymous unique identifier. These are sent to your browser from the website that you visit and are stored on your computer’s hard drive.
Our website uses these “cookies” to collection information and to improve our Service. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies, and know when a cookie is being sent to your computer. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;To provide the Service on our behalf;To perform Service-related services; orTo assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
We want to inform our Service users that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
Our Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personal identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, we advise you to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately, after they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us
Primary SidebarSite Search
Search this website
Products
Premium Hosting
RM1,150.00
Application Hosting
RM2,800.00
Domain Name Registration
RM55.00
Basic Hosting
RM580.00
Email Hosting
RM260.00
Domain Availability Check
Check
Please enter your domain.
Please verify that you are not a robot.
Recent Posts
Choosing A Good Domain Name
Picture SMS Broadcast
Choosing a web hosting provider
FooterGET IN TOUCH
5A, Jalan Travers Off Jalan Tun Sambanthan, Brickfields, 50470 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia
+603 2274 1764
support@xgentech.com
www.xgentech.com
SERVICES OFFER
Web & Cloud Hosting
Web Design
Domain Name Registration
Email Broadcasting
SMS Broadcasting
IT Adminstration
Tips & News
Choosing A Good Domain Name
Picture SMS Broadcast
Choosing a web hosting provider
JOIN OUR COMMUNITY
Sign up to receive email for the latest information.
Email*
XGEN Technologies Sdn Bhd
HomeServices
Web Site Design & Application Development
Sample Website Designs Back
Web HostingDomain Name RegistrationSMS BroadcastingEmail Broadcasting Back
About Us
About UsBilling & PaymentBusiness PartnersRecruitmentsPolicies
Terms & ConditionsPrivacy PolicyProper Use PolicyHosting AgreementServer Uptime and Network Uptime Policy & GuaranteeRefund Policy Back
Back
Support
EMAIL
Email BasicsSetting Up Email ClientsSetting Up POP3 Email AccountSetting Up POP3 E-mail Forwarding, E-mail Aliases and Autoresponders Back
FTPIP AddressSupport Ticket Back
Contact UsCartCheckout0 itemsRM0.00
× Close Panel