http://www.usamarketingassociates.com/privacy-policy
What information we do collect?
We collect information from you when you contact us via our contact page, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey, or fill out a form on the website.We will specify what information is required and what information is optional.When using our website you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number, or company name.
How do we use your information?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
Customer Service
(Your information helps us respond to your service and support requests)
Process Transactions
(Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the specific purpose of delivering the service requested by our customers.)
Periodic Emails
(The email address you provide may be used to send you newsletters, information and updates pertaining to our services.)Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you will need to contact us by email with your request for exclusion from our mail list.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you submit a request.These security measures include: password protected directories and databases to safeguard your information, SSL (Secure Sockets Layered) technology to ensure that your information is fully encrypted and sent across the Internet securely to protect our servers from hackers and other vulnerabilities.
Do we use cookies?
No
Do we disclose information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to any outside parties your personal or business information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property, or safety. Non-personal visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party links
Occasionally, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Questions?
For more information on our Marketing services, please call us at 774-284-4131!
Meet me here!