http://www.class-systems.com/terms-and-conditions/
Home | Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
Introduction
Use
Software
Security
Limitation of Liability
Changes to these Terms
Data Protection and Privacy
Computer Cookies
General
1 – Introduction
1.1
These terms and conditions (“the Terms”) govern your use of this Infospeed Ltd. (“Infospeed”) web site (“web site”) and receipt of any SMS Services (“SMS Service”). By accessing the web site or receiving any SMS Service you are agreeing to the Terms, whether or not you register as a user. Please read through the Terms. If you do not agree with the Terms, do not use this web site.
1.2
Infospeed reserves the right to suspend or terminate your access and use of the web site and/or SMS Service at any time.
1.3
Infospeed shall not be liable if the content of this web site or any viewing of it by you is contrary to the laws applying in the place where you access it. If you have any doubt, you should cease using this web site.
2 – Use
2.1
All material on the web site and unless otherwise specified belongs to Infospeed, or licensors.
2.2
Except as stated in the paragraph 2.3 below, the contents of this web site may not be copied, reproduced, distributed, republished, downloaded, displayed, posted or transmitted in any form or by any means without the prior express written permission of Infospeed.
2.3
You may print or download to disk, at your own risk, the contents of an individual page of this web site for your legitimate dealings with us. You may make one electronically stored, transient copy of the content of this web site for the purpose of viewing it while connected to the Internet.
2.4
You may not do any of the following without the written permission of Infospeed:
create a database in electronic or structured manual form by systematically downloading and storing any content;
link to or frame any content from, the web site;
alter content downloaded from this web site.
2.5
Your use of this web site does not permit use of any logo, name service mark or trademark of Infospeed or any of its suppliers or contributors to this web site other than incidentally when viewing or downloading any of the content.
2.6
When asked to register or send us information on any area of the web site, on registration you must provide Infospeed with accurate, complete registration information and it is your responsibility to inform Infospeed of any changes to that information (including in particular your email address) by emailing enquiries@infospeed.co.uk.
2.7
You are responsible for all use of the web site and SMS Service and access made by you or anyone else using your user name and password (collectively “Identification”) and for preventing unauthorised use of your Identification. If you believe that there has been any breach of security, such as the disclosure, theft or unauthorised use of your Identification you must notify Infospeed immediately by emailing enquiries@infospeed.co.uk.
2.8
If on registration (or on amendment of your registration details) you provide Infospeed with an email address that will result in any emails Infospeed may send you being sent to you via a computer network operated by or on behalf of your employer or educational establishment (or similar) then you are warranting that you are entitled to receive emails at that address. You also agree that Infospeed may stop sending any emails to such address without notifying you, even if you have subscribed to receive them or any other service, if we receive a request from your employer or educational establishment (or otherwise) to stop sending emails to that address.
2.9
Infospeed may give you the option to subscribe to different services. Your use of the content received through any service will be subject to these Terms. We will let you know if you will be subject to any further terms and conditions.
2.10
You may use the web site and SMS Service to purchase products or services from third parties. In that event, your contract for such products may be with the third party instead of or in addition to Infospeed, so you should check any terms and conditions of the third party as well.
3 – Software
3.1
Copyright in any software that is made available for download from the web site and/or SMS Service (“Software”) belongs to Infospeed or its suppliers. Your use of the Software is governed by the terms of any licence agreement that may accompany or be included with the Software. Do not install or use any Software unless you agree to such licence agreement.
3.2
Infospeed may give you the option to modify your browser. In that event, a dialogue box will be shown on your screen requiring your authorisation for the modification to proceed. By clicking the “Acceptance” button (or equivalent) on the dialogue box, you will allow Infospeed to modify your browser to enable you to view the service on your screen at the same time as you work on other applications.
4 – Security
4.1
You must not modify or contaminate this web site or seek to violate its security.
4.2
If Infospeed suspects there is a risk to security of the web site, it shall be entitled to suspend or restrict access until it is satisfied the risk has ceased.
5 – Limitation of Liability
5.1
The information contained in the material in this web site is only for general information purposes and is not intended to address your particular requirements. While Infospeed uses reasonable efforts to include accurate, complete and up-to-date information on this web site, Infospeed makes no warranties or representations as to its accuracy, completeness or timeliness. Infospeed does not accept responsibility for any statement on the web site or any reliance on it.
5.2
To the extent permitted by law, Infospeed excludes all warranties and conditions (express and implied) in respect of the web site content, the availability of the web site or any other warranty. Although Infospeed make use of anti-virus software to protect the web site content, they do not guarantee that the web site [and any downloads] is free from viruses. You are advised to take your own precautions.
5.3
Infospeed does not accept any liability for any loss or damage you incur by using the web site including but not limited to direct, indirect, actual, incidental, punitive, special or consequential damages, lost income, revenue or profits, lost or damaged data or other commercial or economic loss, that result from your use of or inability to use this web site, even if Infospeed has been advised of the possibility of such damages or such damages are foreseeable. By using this web site you agree that this limitation will apply to all content, products or services available through this web site (unless varied by terms specific to these products or services). In the event that the applicable law does not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability or damages, you agree that in no event shall Infospeed’s total liability to you for all damages, losses and causes of action of any kind exceed the amount, if any, you have paid Infospeed for any products or services purchased from this web site (unless varied by terms specific to these products or services).
5.4
Infospeed provides this web site and its contents on an “as is” basis. Save as expressly set out in the Terms or those terms specifically relating to any service or products supplied from this web site by Infospeed, Infospeed excludes all warranties, terms and conditions implied by statute or law, to the fullest extent allowed by law including, but not limited to, any warranty or condition of quality or fitness for a particular purpose.
5.5
The web site may contain links to other web sites provided by independent third parties (“Third Party Sites”) either directly or through frames. Infospeed is not responsible for the availability or content of Third Party Sites and is not responsible for any transaction concerning goods or services available from such Third Party Sites. Infospeed provides links for your convenience only but does not necessarily endorse the material on these sites.
6 – Changes to these Terms
6.1
Infospeed reserves the right to make changes to any part of the web site and these Terms. Infospeed shall notify you by posting such changes on the web site. If you do not accept the changes you must stop using the web site. By continuing to use the web site after publication of any such change, you agree to those changes.
7 – Data Protection and Privacy
7.1
Infospeed will retain data about you which is obtained as a result of your visiting the web site. Infospeed may use that information to provide you with details of products or services which Infospeed believes may interest you. Infospeed will not provide your data to other third parties.
7.2
Any personal data which you provide to Infospeed are held and processed in accordance with the Data Protection Act.
Read more information on our privacy policy.
8 – Computer Cookies
8.1
Infospeed may use computer cookies on this web site. These are text files stored by your web browser on your computer. They provide information about your use of the web site or enable the web site to be personalised for your use.
8.2
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but if you decide that you do not want to utilise cookies then you can amend your browser settings to prevent this. You will still be able to use most of the web site without a cookie.
8.3
Infospeed’s cookies do not contain any personally identifying information (for example your telephone number, account or payment details) and this information cannot be accessed by using them. In addition, our cookies do not collect or record any information regarding how you are using your personal computer or Internet browser in any manner.
Read more information on our cookie policy.
9 – General
9.1
Use of this web site is subject to the law in effect in the United Kingdom.
9.2
Headings in these Terms are for convenience only and will have no legal meaning or effect.
9.3
A waiver by Infospeed of a breach of any term or condition of these Terms shall not be deemed as a continuing waiver or a waiver of any subsequent breach of the same of any other provisions. The provisions of the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 (or any analogous laws) shall not apply to these Terms. If a competent authority decides any part of these Terms cannot be enforced, that particular part will not apply but the rest will.
9.4
Infospeed is a company registered in England under the number 1556954.
Our registered office is at:
Infospeed House
47 Commercial Road
Poole, Dorset
BH14 0HU
United Kingdom
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Read More AcceptPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Necessary
Always Enabled