http://www.parallax.com/company/policies-ordering-info
Policies & Ordering Info | Parallax Inc
Jump to navigation
Equip your genius ®
Log In
|
Getting StartedTeachParallax Learning InstituteProfessional DevelopmentEducational PartnersHost Professional DevelopmentParallax WebinarsLearn with ParallaxFeatured TeachersEducator ResourcesEducational KitsEducational RobotsFunding IdeasProgram OptionsElementary School ProgramsMiddle School ProgramsHigh School ProgramsUniversity and Technical College ProgramsHomeschool ProgramsOur EducatorsEducator HotlineShopSupportDownloadsUSB DriversTranslationsOpen Source DesignsPropellerPropeller SoftwarePropeller DocumentationPropeller 1 Open SourcePropeller OEMCustomer SuccessMicrocontrollersBASIC StampBASIC Stamp SoftwareBASIC Stamp Q&ABASIC Stamp OEMCommunityDiscussion ForumsObject ExchangeAuthorized ConsultantsCompanyAbout UsOur TeamFollow UsMade in the USALogosEventsNewsTestimonialsPolicies & Ordering InfoLocate DistributorsEmployment
You are hereHome › Company › Policies & Ordering Info
Policies & Ordering Info
Ordering Information
Alternate Ordering Methods
Shipping Options
International Customers
Purchase Order Policy
Returns & Warranty Information
Privacy Policies & Site Specifics
Licenses & Copyrights
REACH Compliance
RoHS Compliance
California Proposition 65
CE Marking
Conflict Minerals Statement
E-Verify Participation Number
Ordering Information
Online Orders - Online orders may be placed anytime through our secure server on www.parallax.com using an accepted credit card (Visa, MasterCard, Discover or American Express).
Sales Tax - All orders shipped to the following locations will be subject to the rate displayed below unless you have a reseller's permit or tax exemption certificate on file.
California - 7.25 %
Illinois - 6.25%
Indiana - 7.00 %
CVV2/CID Codes - This is the three or four-digit security code that is printed on credit cards. For your safety and security, we require that you provide your card's verification number during checkout.
Web Specials - Parallax offers special online sales and discounted items online and occasionally on eBay®. Often times, this special pricing is reserved for online orders only. Phone-in orders may not qualify for special pricing.
Alternate Ordering Methods
Authorized Distributors - We have more than 60 distributors around the world. Visit our Locate a Distributor page to search by region.
Email - Email your order to sales@parallax.com
Phone Orders - Phone orders are received during regular business hours.  Customers in the continental United States may call toll free (888) 512-1024, and international customers call (916) 624-8333.
Fax - Purchase Orders may be submitted by fax to the attention of the Sales Department at (916) 624-8003 (see purchase order policy).
Mail - Pre-paid orders with a personal check or money order may be submitted to:
Parallax Inc.
Attn: Accounting Dept.
599 Menlo Drive, Suite 100
Rocklin, CA 95765
USA
*Call for shipping charges.
In person - To expedite an on-site order pick-up, please call ahead to (916) 624-8333.
Shipping Options
Domestic Order Shipping Options - Most domestic orders may be shipped using UPS or USPS. Actual rates for online orders will vary depending on the shipping location.
All orders are shipped from Rocklin, CA.  Delivery dates will vary based on destination and selected shipping method.
Free Shipping Options - Free US domestic shipping promotions with minimum purchase requirements are available periodically.  Applicable free shipping options, if available, will be presented in the shopping cart at the time of processing.  The customer must select the option at checkout; shipping option will not be changed or refunded once the order is processed. USPS shipping is not available to orders containing LiPo or SLA batteries. Orders over $200 before tax will be shipped via UPS Ground.
USPS First-Class Mail is neither tracked, nor insured, and is not available to packages over 13 oz nor orders over $200. Shipping weight includes packaging. Customers accept full responsibility for any lost or damaged orders. These orders will not be replaced or refunded by Parallax.
Saturday Delivery - All online orders are delivered Monday through Friday, unless you call our Customer Service Department at (888) 512-1024 in advance to request a Next Day Air Saturday delivery for an extra charge (usually $20 plus the cost of a Next Day Air shipment).
Stock Availability and Back Orders - We take every effort to ensure adequate stock at Parallax Inc., but we periodically run out of products. If your order contains one or more backordered items, the entire order will be held until all items are in stock and can be shipped together. To ship in stock items immediately, and backordered items separately at a later date, you must call or email sales and specify that you would like to ship a partial order.
If you request backordered items to be shipped separately, you will be charged an additional shipping fee when those items are shipped to you. Your original shipping charges will be adjusted downward (based on weight and dimensions) to reflect the cost of only the items sent. The backorder shipments will be shipped the same method unless you contact us at sales@parallax.com to specify another shipping method.
Batteries - Orders containing rechargeable lithium or sealed lead acid batteries will only be offered the UPS shipping option. Lithium and sealed lead acid batteries may not be shipped alone (without equipment) to certain countries.  Other shipping regulations may apply to orders that include large quantities of batteries, which may affect the final shipping charges for your order. (The US Postal Service will no longer ship items that contain lithium or sealed lead acid batteries to select domestic destinations, and to no international locations including APO and FPO addresses; therefore we are no longer shipping rechargeable items via air shipment such as USPS Priority Mail.)
International Customers
International customers should consider using our distribution channels. Distributors provide reasonable prices as a result of consolidating their shipments, working with local customs offices, and using preferred freight carriers. This usually results in a savings for the international customer. Find a distributor.
Parallax is not responsible for any brokerage, customs fees, or country taxes. The actual value of all orders is indicated on the invoice, and restatements using lower values are not permitted. The cost of the order will be higher than if you use one of our distributors.
USPS First-Class Mail International is neither tracked, nor insured. Only allowed for orders up to $150 in value. Shipping weight includes packaging. Delivery usually takes 2-4 weeks, but can take 6 weeks or more. Delivery is made by the destination country's postal service. All duties and taxes for international shipments are the responsibility of the customer. Customer accepts full responsibility for any lost or damaged orders. These orders will not be replaced or refunded by Parallax.
Lithium Batteries - Orders containing lithium items will only be offered the UPS shipping option. Lithium batteries may not be shipped alone (without equipment) to certain countries.  Other shipping regulations may apply to orders that include large quantities of batteries, which may affect the final shipping charges for your order. (The US Postal Service will no longer ship items that contain lithium batteries to international locations including APO and FPO addresses; therefore we are no longer shipping lithium items via air shipment such as USPS Priority Mail.)
Purchase Order Policy
Customers who elect to purchase using Net 30 days payment terms are required to submit a written or printed company purchase order. Purchase Orders must include the following information:
Credit Reference - In order to set up an account with terms, please email or fax a standard credit sheet to us including your Duns number.  Please note that the first purchase order will not be processed until credit is checked.  Note: Public schools in the United States are exempt from this Credit Reference requirement.
Signature - An authorized signature must be on the purchase order. This signature constitutes the seller's (Parallax Inc.'s) acknowledgement of the buyer's request and shall become a binding contract containing the terms and conditions set forth by both parties.
Purchase Order Number - A purchase order number must be stated on the purchase order.
Shipping and Billing Address - A shipping address and billing address must be clearly stated on the purchase order. Please include a contact name, telephone, and fax number of your purchasing representative as well as an Accounts Payable contact.
E-mail Address - For order updates.
Name and E-mail Address of Educator(s) Using Product - For curriculum updates and alerts.
Shipping - All shipping is prepaid and added to our invoice unless otherwise stated on your purchase order. Please include the statement "Prepay and Add Shipping" on your P.O. unless you have a designated shipping account with UPS or FedEx. We also require that a preferred delivery method be stated on the purchase order. If this information is not stated, we will ship the order UPS Ground.
Terms - All terms are Net 30. This must be indicated on your signed purchase order.
Tax Status - Please advise as to whether your order is taxable, non-taxable, or reseller. If your order is tax-exempt, we must have a copy of your reseller's certificate before your order is processed.
Description and Pricing - Include the product name, stock code, and price. We also request that quantity and unit pricing is accurate, as these terms are non-negotiable.
Minimum Balance - Purchase orders have a minimum balance of $100.
School Purchases - To use a district-issued purchase card, write "call for card" on the P.O. For samples or Educators-only forum access, email mktg@parallax.com with (name, job title, subject/course, grade level, school name and address, phone, email).
Returns & Warranty Information
14-day Money-back Guarantee - If, within 14 days of having received your product, you find that it does not suit your needs, you may return it for a refund. Parallax Inc. will refund the purchase price of the product in the same payment form, excluding shipping/handling costs, once the product is received. This refund does not apply if the product has been altered or damaged. If you decide to return the product after the 14-day evaluation period, a 20% restocking fee will be charged against the credit.
60-day Return Policy - To return a product, you must contact a Customer Service Representative to obtain an RMA number. All packages containing returns must be clearly labeled on the outside of the package with the RMA number. Items returned within 60 days of purchase are eligible for a refund of the purchase price (shipping/handling costs excluded). Items are expected to be unopened and in like new condition. Once these items have been received, tested, and returned to stock the appropriate credit will be issued. A 20% restocking fee will be charged against the credit. Items attempted to be returned after 60 days will not be accepted unless otherwise negotiated terms are in place. Refunds will not apply to products that have been altered or damaged.
90-day Limited Warranty - Parallax Inc. warrants its products against defects in materials and workmanship for a period of 90 days. If you discover a defect, Parallax Inc. will, at its option, repair, replace, or refund the purchase price. After 90 days, products can still be sent in for repair or replacement, but there will be a $10.00 USD minimum inspection/labor/repair fee (not including return shipping and handling charges).
Disclaimer - Warranty does not apply if the product has been altered, modified, or damaged. Parallax Inc. makes no other warranty of any kind, expressed or implied, including any warranty of merchantability, fitness of the product for any particular purpose even if that purpose is known to Parallax Inc., or any warranty relating to patents, trademarks, copyrights or other intellectual property. Parallax Inc. shall not be liable for any injury, loss, damage, or loss of profits resulting from the handling or use of the product shipped. A finance charge of 1.5% per month (18% annual percentage rate) will be charged on all past due amounts. Reasonable attorney fees will also be charged by seller in the event of any action proceeding for collection of the sums billed on the invoice.
How to Return a Product - When returning, you must first call for a Return Merchandise Authorization number. No packages will be accepted without the RMA number clearly marked on the outside of the package. After inspecting and testing, we will return your product and credit your shipping costs if product is deemed defective. We will send out the replacement product using the same shipping method used to ship the product to Parallax within 30 days. In your package, please include a daytime telephone number and a brief explanation of the problem.
RMA Contact Information - Please contact our Sales Department if you have any questions regarding our warranty policy or if you are requesting an RMA number.
RoHS Compliance - Parallax Inc. certifies that, to it's knowledge as to the date of this document, specific products are manufactured in compliance with the use of Hazardous Substances (RoHS) European Union Directive 20021951EC. Download our RoHS Compliance document.
Privacy Policies & Site Specifics
Your privacy is important to us. We provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. Please take the time to read and understand our privacy policies so that you can understand how we treat your personal information.
Customer Information
Postal Addresses - Once you make a purchase, or request other information from Parallax, your name, shipping/mailing addresses, and contact information are included in our customer file. Addresses and contact information are retained and used to insure a quick, efficient flow of product and services. Postal addresses are never shared, rented, sold or traded to third parties.
Email Addresses - If you supply us with your email address, it will be included in our customer files. Email addresses are regularly used to contact customers regarding orders or other transactions. Email addresses are never shared, rented, sold or traded to third parties.
Web Site Security - In our commitment to security, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access, maintain data security and correctly use the information we collect online.
Cookies - To enhance your online experience with us, many of our web pages use "cookies." Cookies are text files we place on your hard disk by our web page server to store your preferences. Cookies, by themselves, do not tell us your e-mail address or other personally identifiable information unless you choose to provide this information to us. However, once you choose to provide the personally identifiable information, this information may be linked to the data stored in the cookie. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer.
We use cookies to provide a convenience feature to save you time; to understand how our sites are used; and to improve the content and offerings on our sites. For example, we may use cookies to personalize your experience at our web pages or recall your specific information on subsequent visits (e.g. to recognize you by name when you return to our site). We also may use cookies to offer you products, programs or services. You can opt to have your browser reject cookies.
Licenses & Copyrights
We at Parallax Inc. provide our services to you subject to the following conditions. If you visit or shop at Parallax.com, you accept these conditions. Please read them carefully. In addition, we at Parallax Inc. reserve the right to make changes to our site, policies, and these Terms of Use at any time. If you disagree with any of the terms and conditions of this user agreement, please do not visit, browse, shop, access, or otherwise use this site.
The information, applications, and program code contained in this website are presented for instructional value and not guaranteed for any particular purpose.  Parallax Inc. does not guarantee the accuracy, adequacy, or completeness of any information therein and is not responsible for any errors or omissions.  Parallax Inc. assumes no liability for damages resulting from the use of the information, applications, and program code in this website or for any infringement of patent and/or other intellectual property rights of third parties that would result from the use of this information.
Copyrights - All content included on this site, such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips, digital downloads, data compilations, and software, is the property of Parallax Inc. and is protected by United States and international copyright laws. The compilation of all content on this site is the exclusive property of Parallax Inc. and protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. All software used on this site is the property of Parallax Inc. or its software suppliers and protected by United States and international copyright laws.
Trademarks - Terms of Use: BASIC Stamp,  Board of Education, Boe-Bot, Equip Your Genius, Parallax, Scribbler, and SumoBot, are federally registered trademarks of Parallax Inc. ActivityBot, Shield-Bot, HomeWork Board, Parallax Semiconductor, Ping))), Spin, SX-Key and the ELEV-8, Propeller Hat, and WX logos are trademarks of Parallax Inc. Other Parallax.com graphics, logos, page headers, button icons, scripts, and service names are trademarks or trade dress of Parallax Inc. or its subsidiaries.  All other trademarks belong to their respective holders.
Parallax’s trademarks and trade dress may not be used in connection with any product or service that is not Parallax’s, in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among customers, or in any manner that disparages or discredits Parallax Inc. All other trademarks not owned by Parallax Inc. or its subsidiaries that appear on this site are the property of their respective owners, who may or may not be affiliated with, connected to, or sponsored by Parallax Inc. or its subsidiaries. If you decide to use any trademarks of Parallax Inc. on your web page or in printed material, you must state that (trademark) is a (federally registered) trademark of Parallax Inc. upon the first appearance of the trademark name in each printed document or web page.
License and Site Access - Parallax Inc. grants you a limited license to access and make personal use of this site and not to modify any portion of this site. This license does not include any resale or commercial use of this site or its contents; any collection and use of any product listings, descriptions, or prices; any derivative use of this site or its contents; any downloading or copying of account information for the benefit of another merchant; or any use of data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction tools.
This site or any portion of this site may not be reproduced, duplicated, copied, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose without express written consent of Parallax Inc. You may not frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any trademark, logo, or other proprietary information (including images, text, page layout, or form) of Parallax.com. You are granted a limited, revocable, and nonexclusive right to create a hyperlink to the home page of Parallax.com so long as the link does not portray Parallax, its affiliates, or their products or services in a false, misleading, derogatory, or otherwise offensive matter.
Product Descriptions - We at Parallax Inc. attempt to be as accurate as possible. However, we do not warrant that product descriptions or other content of this site is accurate, complete, reliable, current, or error-free. If a product offered by Parallax.com is not as described, your sole remedy is to return it in unused condition.
Your Personal Accounts - Parallax Inc. reserves the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, remove or edit content, or cancel orders in their sole discretion.  If you use this site, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password and for restricting access to your computer, and you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password. If you are under 18, you may use the site only with a parent or guardian.
Electronic Communications - When you visit Parallax.com or send e-mails to us, you are communicating with us electronically. You consent to receive communications from us electronically. We will communicate with you by e-mail or by posting notices on this site. You agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing.
Furthermore, we at Parallax Inc. are free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how, or techniques contained in any communication you send to us for any purpose whatsoever, including but not limited to developing, manufacturing and marketing products using such information.
Use of Software & Educational Material - Parallax offers a variety of software, tutorials, PDF textbooks, and other learning materials to our customers at no monetary cost. Licenses and restrictions may apply to redistribution or modification; details are provided with each document or download, if applicable. By using our materials, you are agreeing to abide any and all listed restrictions or license terms.
Educators are welcome to adapt and redistribute this content for use with their classroom curriculum, as long as it is to be used exclusively with the Parallax microcontroller and hardware products for which the original was written. Students may be charged no more than the cost of reproduction for reprinted content obtained from Parallax, or its websites.  For specific questions about content re-use, please contact editor@parallax.com.
REACH Compliance
REACH is a merging of previous European Union regulations to create a unified set of rules for industries doing business in the EU. The purpose is to combine legislation to improve and protect human health and the environment from the risks that can be posed by chemicals. Download our REACH Compliance document.
RoHS Compliance
Parallax Incorporated certifies that, to its knowledge, specific products are manufactured in compliance with the Restriction of the use of Hazardous Substances (RoHS) European Union Directive 2011/65/EU or (EU) 2015/863. Our certification is based on Parallax’s understanding of the directive and component information provided by specific suppliers. We have not conducted any specific chemical testing on our products.
Parallax products that are RoHS compliant are marked with a small green leaf product badge next to the product image below the pricing.
For our Propeller and SX chips, additional RoHS compliance documentation is available in the relevant datasheet for these chips. All of these chips are RoHS compliant.
California Proposition 65
WARNING: Parallax products contain chemicals known to the State of California to cause cancer and birth defects or other reproductive harm.
CE Markings
Unless otherwise stated on the individual product page, our products are not CE certified.
Conflict Minerals Statement
While Parallax Inc. is a privately held company, and therefore, not subject to the ruling we are concerned about the use of conflict minerals. Parallax Inc. is committed to working with suppliers to identify use of conflict minerals in third party components. Parallax Inc. does not purchase any metals directly from smelters or mines or knowingly use any components that contain conflict minerals. Download our complete Conflict Minerals Statement.
E-Verify Participation
Parallax Inc. participates in the United States Citizenship and Immigration Service's E-Verify program. Our E-Verify number is 967322.
Offsite Links
Learn
BlocklyProp
Forums
OBEX
Parallax Inc.
599 Menlo Drive, Ste.100,
Rocklin, CA
95765 USA
toll-free 888-512-1024
Contact Us
Employment
Events
Policies and terms of use
Made in the U.S.A.
Copyright © 2020 Parallax Inc. All rights reserved.