http://www.123ppt.com/terms.asp
USER AGREEMENTTerms Of Use And Service In Using 123PPT
POWERPOINT ENHANCEMENT SOFTWARE
123PPT VIDEO BACKGROUNDS STUDIO™
123PPT MUSIC & SOUNDFX STUDIO™
123PPT MULTIMEDIA STUDIO™
123PPT PRESENTATIONS PLAYER™
POWERPOINT MEDIA PRODUCTS
NEW POWERPOINT VIDEO BACKGROUNDS
POWERPOINT TEMPLATES
POWERPOINT BACKGROUNDS
PHOTOS & IMAGES
POWERPOINT MUSIC
POWERPOINT SOUND EFFECTS
FONTS
CUSTOM PRESENTATION SERVICES
SHOPPING CART
POWERPOINT HELP
POWERPOINT FORUM
FREE NEWSLETTER
PRESENTATION ARTICLES
POWERPOINT GUIDE
POWERPOINT TIPS
POWERPOINT FAQ'S
RESOURCES
SITE MAP
CONTACT US
Legal terms, defintions and your user agreement in accessing our site, products and services.123PPT.com is owned and operated by 123OfficeMedia LLC, which owns, controls or has legal permission to license all the content and material on this website. If you do not agree with the terms and conditions herein you should leave this website immediately, cease browsing, purchase, use of files included, and/ or not subscribe to this site.Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved.
Site Contents And Property
All site content ("Contents") remain the property of 123PPT.com, and use of its contents strictly limited to private use.
You, the ("User"), are free to browse, view, and use the contents of 123PPT.com for private use and acknowledge that the Website contains files ("Products"), material and information ("Content") that are protected by copyrights, trademarks, trade dress, trade secrets, patents, or other proprietary rights. You, the user acknowledge that these rights are valid and protected in all forms of media, and technologies existing now and hereinafter developed; and that said Content is and shall remain the property of 123PPT.com.
Copyright And Commercial Use
You may not distribute any individual product supplied, represented, or otherwise offered on 123PPT.com.
You may not incorporate any product or content, or otherwise repackage or attempt to repackage, extract visual and/ or audio and/ or graphic elements, sell or attempt to sell single or multiple copies of the content and products offered at 123PPT.com, or attempt to replicate their design through use of any individual graphic, and/ or audio, and/ or other visual elements to produce a product of similar likeness. Doing so is a violation of Copyright, ownership, and International Intellectual Property Laws.
Public and/ or other commercial use and/ or uses of 123PPT.com and/ or 123PPT.com's content is strictly prohibited without the written consent of 123PPT.com, and without clear description of intended use and purpose.
123PPT.com reserves the right to prosecute violators of these terms to the maximum penalties permitted under International Law and The Berne Convention for the Protection of Literary and Artistic Works.
Conduct
Harassment in any manner or form on the web site or upon 123PPT.com or any of the individual 123OfficeMedia web sites, including via e-mail and chat or by obscene or abusive language is strictly forbidden. Impersonation of others, including a 123OfficeMedia employee, host, or representative or other members or visitors on the web site is prohibited.You may not upload to, distribute, or otherwise publish through the web site any content which is libelous, defamatory, obscene, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, illegal, or otherwise objectionable, or which may constitute or encourage a criminal offense, violate the rights of any party or otherwise give rise to liability or violate any law.You may not upload commercial content on the web site or use the web site to solicit others to join or become members of any other commercial online service or other organization.
Use Of This Web Site
This Site and Contents are intended for customers of 123PPT.com. You may not use this Site or Contents for any purpose not related to your business with 123PPT.com.You are specifically prohibited from: (a) downloading, copying, or re-transmitting any or all of the Site or Contents without, or in violation of, a written license or agreement with 123PPT; (b) using any data mining, robots or similar data gathering or extraction methods; (c) manipulating or otherwise displaying the Site or Contents by using framing or similar navigational technology; (d) registering, subscribing, unsubscribing, or attempting to register, subscribe, or unsubscribe any party for any 123PPT.com product or service if you are not expressly authorized by such party to do so; and (e) using the Site or Contents other than for its intended purpose. Such unauthorized use may also violate applicable laws including without limitation copyright and trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and applicable communications regulations and statutes. You represent and warrant that you will comply with all applicable laws and regulations, including, without limitation, those relating to the Internet, data, e-mail, privacy, and the transmission of technical data exported from the United States or the country in which you reside.
Products And Services
123PPT.com does not guarantee the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of any of the Content and the Products of this web site. Rather, it is the responsibility of each User to evaluate the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of any product, information, instruction, opinion contained in the Content.
Software Licensing
When purchasing and/ or downloading and/ or using a product from 123PPT.com you agree to the terms and conditions of its license.The 123PPT Video Backgrounds Studio, 123PPT Music & SoundFX Studio and 123PPT Multimedia Studio are licensed to the machine that the User provides for activation and licensing. A license is not the ownership of the User but is granted to the User for use on the machine that they provide for activation and licensing.
If you the User submit an Installation ID for licensing and registration and an Activation Code for your Installation ID is issued, your software is licensed.
You the User are responsible for submitting your Installation ID for licensing and activation. Submitting your Installation ID for licensing and registering should only be done from the computer that you wish to license and activate.
When upgrading from a Lite to Deluxe or other license You the User should confirm and are responsible for confirming your Installation ID to ensure the correct Activation Code for the correct Installation ID is issued.
The User is responsible for submitting the Installation ID(s) for licensing and activation no later than ninety (90) days following purchase of their license(s). Installation ID(s) submitted by the User later than ninety (90) days following purchase of their license(s) cannot be redeemed and are invalid and void.Once the User has taken the physical steps to submit their Installation ID(s) for licensing and activation and subsequent Activation Codes have been issued, the User has legally accepted purchase and acknowledged receipt of their software and is committed to the terms of their License Agreement.All licenses are non-transferable.
Download Access
123PPT.com is not responsible in part or in whole for any User firewall, antivirus, break in user Internet connection, or other network settings which may prevent the immediate download of an order. In such event where User security settings prevent the download of an order the User is required to contact 123PPT.com immediately providing contact details so that the order may be manually processed.
In the case of orders being forwarded manually, any download link will remain active for 72 hours. During this period it is the responsibility of the User to download their order. After this time any download links will be deactivated. Should orders not be downloaded within the 72 hour period, the User will be required to repurchase their order to gain download and access to it.
123PPT provides replacement of downloaded orders up to 72 hours following completion of transaction and order. After this time, the responsibility to maintain backup of any purchased media files is that of the User. Should the User not maintain backup of purchased files and request replacement of any purchased files at a period of time later than 72 hours following purchase and completion of transaction then the User is obliged to repurchase their files in order to gain access to them.
Download Backup Insurance
Download Backup Insurance is provided on all purchased items for the User by default at the time of purchase.Download Backup Insurance provides replacement of purchased files free of charge up to a period of 12 months from date of the User's purchase. Download Backup Insurance also applies to the purchasing of licensed software applications from 123PPT.com which include, the 123PPT Video Backgrounds Studio, the 123PPT Music & SoundFX Studio and the 123PPT Multimedia Studio.
In the event that the User is forced to replace hardware, experiences hardware failure or otherwise is required to install a new installation of the 123PPT Video Backgrounds Studio, 123PPT Music & SoundFX Studio or 123PPT Multimedia Studio on a new or other computer, Download Backup Insurance entitles the User to one (1) Replacement License. 123PPT.com will replace the license of the software application once during the insured period freely and at no additonal charge or expense to the license holder. Any issued replacement license does not affect, alter or otherwise invalidate your License or User Agreement.
Download Backup Insurance cannot be purchased after the completion of an order. Should the User opt to remove Download Backup Insurance from their order at the time of purchase then the User accepts that the conditions and benefits provided and offered by Download Backup Insurance is not offered nor implied to their order and in the event of future hardware failure that the User will be required to repurchase their order to gain download and access to it.
Refund
123PPT.com guarantees that all products are available for immediate download following purchase.
Due to the nature of our products and services, where all products are clearly illustrated, are digital in nature and are downloadable. 123PPT.com, does not provide refund. 123PPT.com does not provide refund on our licensed software applications such as the 123PPT Video Backgrounds Studio, the 123PPT Music & SoundFX Studio or the 123PPT Multimedia Studio. 123PPT provides full 14 day Trial Editions of our software applications to enable the User to try our products prior to consideration of purchase.
In the event that a licensed software application such as the 123PPT Video Backgrounds Studio, the 123PPT Music & SoundFX Studio or the 123PPT Multimedia Studio has been purchased in error or mistake and 123PPT.com has not issued its Activation Code the User can request refund. Please note that in such event 123PPT.com incurs a 10% restocking fee to cover adminstrative costs incurred in processing, reversing and issuing of any refund.
123PPT.com is not responsible in whole or part for mistaken or purchases made in error by the User. In the event of mistaken purchases where the User has not downloaded purchased orders or otherwise received Activation Code(s), 123PPT.com does not issue refund and offers the User credit for the whole purchased amount against other Products from the 123PPT.com site. Should the User wish instead to dispute their purchase or otherwise reverse payment the User opts to allow PayPal Inc to settle any dispute and as a result abandons any claim of credit against the disputed amount and order.
In the event of payment dispute, credit card chargeback or other payment reversal, 123PPT.com provides the User's representing financial body with copy of all records directly related to the dispute. In the event that the dispute is successfully resolved in favor of 123PPT.com, the User incurs a settlement fee of $20 to cover the adminstrative costs of 123PPT.com which have been incurred in relation to the User's dispute.
In the case of custom presentations services, our Terms of Custom Presentation Service apply and can be provided on request. In employing the use of our custom presentation services the User agrees to said Terms of Custom Presentation Service.
123PPT.com does not charge or incur additional fees for this service but provides this as a part of our Customer Service Support.
Social Media
123PPT.com is active upon social media and uses social media to offer free products and discount savings to our followers on social media channels.123PPT.com is active on Facebook, Twitter and Google +.In order to receive benefits offered by 123PPT.com on these or other social media channels, the User must "Like" or otherwise "Follow" 123PPT.com on the social media channel.
Links
The links to Recommended Resources and third-party sites allow the User and users of our 123PPT.com to leave the site.The linked sites are not under the control of 123PPT.com and 123PPT.com is not responsible for the contents of any linked site or any link contained in a linked site, or any changes or updates to such sites. 123PPT.com provides links to Recommended Resources and third parties to the User only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by 123PPT.com of the site.
Data Protection
123PPT.com is commited to User security and User data protection. Greater details can be found here.
Respective Copyright Holders
Microsoft® Office PowerPoint® is a registered trademark of Microsoft Corporation in the United States and/or other countries.
This website IS NOT affiliated with the Microsoft Corporation or with Microsoft PowerPoint presentation software.
123PPT provides software, templates, artwork, stock photos, music, sound effects, and fonts, which are fully compatible with Microsoft PowerPoint.
123PPT.com, 123PPTX.com, 123DOCX.com and 123XLSX.com are divisions of 123OfficeMedia LLC.
All creative, intellectual, and property rights are reserved © 2018 123PPT.com.
Email this page to a Friend     About 123PPT.com     Advertise on 123PPT.com
PowerPoint Templates | PowerPoint Backgrounds | PowerPoint Video Backgrounds | Presentations Photos | PowerPoint Music | PowerPoint Sound Effects
123PPT.com is a part of 123OfficeMedia LLC.All content within this page remains the property of 123PPT.com.User Agreement & Terms of Use prohibit the reproduction, copying or other forms of republishing without written consent.
© 2003 - 2020 123PPT.com. All rights reserved.Design: Impossible Media