https://www.primeleaf.in/privacy.php
Home
Products
Services
Company
Privacy Policy
Primeleaf Consulting is dedicated to making your online experience as interesting and enjoyable as possible. We truly appreciate your presence on our site and at all times understand that you are our guest and should be treated accordingly. To ensure this, we have listed the components of our Privacy Policy below.
Use of Personal Information
Any information you submit through Primeleaf Consulting's web sites will be held in the strictest confidence. In no way will your personal information ever be used without your consent. To ensure this, all forms on our web sites that send information to a database that may be used in the future, e.g. mailing lists, registration, etc., have check boxes where you specify whether or not you would like to receive information from us in the future. Forms used just to send e-mail, post messages, etc., do not include the option, but will never be used to send information. Be assured that we do not sell our name and address lists. If you choose to receive information from us, each message will also include instructions on how to "unsubscribe" from future mailings should you wish to cancel.
The only information we automatically collect is that related to the use of our web site. This information is anonymous and is gathered through our servers' log files. These log files record generic information, such as the number of visits our web site receives, the types of browsers used and the number of files downloaded, but never personal information. This log file information allows us to create better content aimed at our viewer's preferences.
Use of Cookies
Some of our pages use a feature of your browser called a "cookie." Cookies, by themselves, are not able to extract any personal information from you. This cookie automatically identifies your computer - but not you - to our servers when you visit our site. Unless you specifically tell us, Primeleaf Consulting will never know who you are, even though we may assign your computer a cookie. Also, Primeleaf Consulting's web sites can only read cookies created by Primeleaf Consulting's web sites.
Cookies allow us to personalize our site for you and to provide you with information that fits your needs and desires. For instance, once you register your product online, a cookie is written to your computer so that you will not need to type information in the future to obtain support.
Contact us
Primeleaf Consulting Inc. knows that your privacy is very important to you. We welcome questions and comments regarding this policy, so feel free to contact us at privacy@primeleaf.in. Because technologies on the Internet change so quickly, Primeleaf Consulting reserves the right to modify its Privacy Statement from time to time.
Primeleaf Consulting (P) Ltd.
#29,Hendre Castle,
D.S.Babrekar Marg,
Gokhale Road (North)
Dadar (West),
Mumbai - 400 028
India
+91 22 2447 3371 / 72 / 73
sales [at] primeleaf [dot] in
https://www.primeleaf.in
Products
KRYSTAL DMS - Enterprise Edition
KRYSTAL DMS - Premium Edition
KRYSTAL DMS - Standard Edition
KRYSTAL DMS - Community Edition
Product Website
KRYSTAL DMS - Website
Services
Document Management
Document Management Analysis
Workflow Analysis
Document Scanning & Indexing
Product Engineering
Collaborative Development
Product Porting
Re-Engineering
Application Management
Application Migration Services
Enterprise Application Integration
Software Engineering
Outsourcing
Company
Contact Us
Customers
Management
Partners
Press Room
Mission
Approach
Quality Process
Careers
Privacy Policy
Site map