http://www.microcenter.com/site/customer-support/accessibility-policy.aspx
Skip to Main Content Area
Breadcrumbs
Accessibility Policy
Micro Center is committed to ensuring digital accessibility for individuals with disabilities, and is continually enhancing the accessibility of its website. We believe that all of our guests should be able to easily shop online on our website. We are continually striving to create an online environment which is accessible and barrier-free whether you are using a screen reader, a magnifier, voice recognition software, or other assistive technologies or devices.
Micro Center makes every effort necessary to meet online usability and design requirements recommended by the World Wide Web Consortium (“W3C”) in its Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (“WCAG”) 2.0 Level AA. The WCAG 2.0 Level AA requirements are recognized and acknowledged as the international standard measure of acceptable website accessibility. We use design standards that assist our customers in identifying, interpreting, understanding, and interacting with information presented on our website. We regularly test our website to ensure that we meet or exceed the WCAG 2.0 Level AA standard. We also partner with third party vendors who provide expert advice on ensuring the accessibility of our online website.
Micro Center follows WCAG’s 2.0 Level AA standards to provide content that is compatible with computer-based assistive technologies and browsers. We recommend using the most current versions of the manufacturer’s assistive technology applications, along with a current version of a browser. We recommend trying different types of browsers with assistive technology applications to determine which combination works best for you. In addition, we support screen magnification technologies and accessibility features, such as zoom, color, and other image controls, that many browsers provide.
If you are having difficulty accessing the Micro Center website or would like to give us feedback about accessibility at Micro Center, please call a Customer Service representative at (614) 850-3675. Micro Center tries to respond to feedback and to resolve any questions or issues that cannot be addressed in the initial communication within five business days.
We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website. You can view our Privacy Policy and information reqarding our use of cookies here.
X Accept Privacy Policy and Terms
X Temporarily Hide Alert