https://www.oxatis.com/en/legal-mentions/
Legal Notices
NEW OXATIS SASU  (one-man simplified joint-stock company) with a capital of €5,000
Immeuble Acropolis – 171 bis chemin de la Madrague Ville
13002 Marseille
Tel. : 0845 129 4800
Email : [email protected]
Marseille Trade and Company Register – Siret N° [company registration number]: 831 239 744 00020
Intra-community VAT no: FR79831239744
Host: Kinsta
Publication director: Laurent Bouchou
Privacy
The personal information relating to NEW OXATIS users is collected, saved and stored in accordance with the provisions of the French Data Protection Act (l’informatique, aux fichiers et aux libertés) of 6 January 1978, as amended in August 2004. Members have the right of access and rectification laid down by law, to exercise these rights, simply write to New Oxatis at the following address: NEW OXATIS, 171 bis chemin de la madrague ville, 13002 Marseille, France.
For any additional information, refer to the Terms of Use..
Collection and use of personal information gathered from NEW OXATIS customers or newsletter subscribers.
This information is necessary to ensure progress of the transaction and to improve the services offered by NEW OXATIS to their customers. It is for the same purpose of personalising the service that we use cookies to notify us of your visit to our site.
The information collected on the site can be shared within NEW OXATIS and its controlled subsidiaries.
You can receive different types of messages (newsletters, advice, surveys, general information about the company, etc.) from NEW OXATIS from which you can unsubscribe as specified in the Terms of Use.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OKPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.