http://www.acm.org/chapters/chapter-policies
skip to main content
Digital Library
CACM
Queue
TechNews
Career Center
Advancing Computing as a Science & Profession
Join
Volunteer
myACM
Search Input
Search Submit
Join
Volunteer
myACM
Search
About ACM
About Home
About ACM
Governance
ACM Council
Boards and Committees
Past Presidents
ACM Constitution
Bylaws
Annual Reports
History
Code of Ethics
Code of Ethics Enforcement Procedures
Stop Harassment
Report Unacceptable Behavior
ACM in the News
Media Center
Contact Us
About ACM
ACM, the world's largest educational and scientific computing society, delivers resources that advance computing as a science and a profession. ACM provides the computing field's premier Digital Library and serves its members and the computing profession with leading-edge publications, conferences, and career resources.
[Learn More about ACM...]
ACM Regional Councils
ACM: Formed at the Dawn of Computing
ACM Celebrates #BlackHistoryMonth
Membership
Membership Home
About Membership
Membership Options
Membership Benefits
Ambassadors for ACM
People of ACM
ACM People in the News
Join
Renew
Subscribe
Manage your Account / myACM
Distinguished Speakers
Contact Us
ACM Membership
ACM offers the resources, access and tools to invent the future. No one has a larger global network of professional peers. No one has more exclusive content. No one presents more forward-looking events. Or confers more prestigious awards. Or provides a more comprehensive learning center.
[Learn More about ACM Membership...]
Customer Service FAQs
Become an Ambassador for ACM
Publications
Publications Home
About Publications
Digital Library
CACM
Journals
Magazines
Books
Conference Proceedings
ICPS
SIGs Newsletters
Blue Diamond Newsletter
Applications-Oriented Content
For Authors
Master Article Templates
Open Access
Artifacts and Reproducibility
New ACM Journals
Propose New Publications
Policies
Report a Potential Violation
Publications Board
Subscribe
Advertise
Contact Us
About ACM Publications
For more than 60 years, the best and brightest minds in computing have come to ACM to meet, share ideas, publish their work and change the world. ACM's publications are among the most respected and highly cited in the field because of their longstanding focus on quality and their ability to attract pioneering thought leaders from both academia and industry.
[Learn More about ACM Publications...]
Publish with ACM
Select Application-Oriented Papers
Software and Data Artifacts in the ACM Digital Library
SIGs
Special Interest Groups Home
About SIGs
SIG Listing
Emerging Interest Groups
SIG Awards
SIG Chapters
Publications
Conferences
Join a SIG
Volunteer Resources
SIG Leaders
Contact Us
Special Interest Groups
ACM's Special Interest Groups (SIGs) represent major areas of computing, addressing the interests of technical communities that drive innovation. SIGs offer a wealth of conferences, publications and activities focused on specific computing sub-disciplines. They enable members to share expertise, discovery and best practices.
[Learn More about ACM's SIGs...]
Join an ACM SIG
Virtual Conferences: A Guide to Best Practices
Conferences
Conferences Home
About Conferences
Conference Series
Upcoming Conferences
Get Conference Proceedings
Upcoming Submission Deadlines
ACM Author Rights & Permissions
Best Paper Awards
Volunteer Resources
Contact Us
ACM and its Special Interest Groups Host More Than 170 Events Worldwide
Our conferences, workshops and symposia unite innovators like you to push computing technology forward and to continue the legacy that unites us as like-minded thinkers and makers.
[Learn More about ACM Conferences...]
Find an ACM Conference
Virtual Conferences: A Guide to Best Practices
Chapters
Chapters Home
About Chapters
Professional Chapters
Student Chapters
Meetups
Newsletter
Calendar of Local Activities
Distinguished Speakers
Annual Reports
Find a Chapter
Start a Chapter
Chapter Policies
Chapter Administrative Interface
Contact Us
About ACM Chapters
ACM’s Professional and Student chapters worldwide serve as hubs of activity for ACM members and the computing community at large. They provide seminars, lectures, learning forums and networking opportunities with peers and experts across the computing spectrum.
[Learn More about ACM Chapters...]
Chapter-in-a-Box: Everything You Need to Run and Grow Your ACM Chapter
Chapter Administrative Interface
Start an ACM Chapter
Awards
Awards Home
About Awards
Award Recipients
ACM Fellows
ACM Advanced Member Grades
ACM Awards Committee
Nominate
Award Sponsors
Establish a New Award
Contact Us
About ACM Awards
ACM recognizes excellence through its eminent awards for technical and professional achievements and contributions in computer science and information technology. It also names as Fellows and Distinguished Members those members who, in addition to professional accomplishments, have made significant contributions to ACM's mission.
More on ACM Awards
Applications Now Open for Cutler-Bell Prize for High School Students
Team from Chinese/US Institutions Receives 2020 Gordon Bell Prize
First ACM Gordon Bell Special Prize for HPC-Based COVID-19 Research Awarded
Education
Education Home
About Education
Curricula Recommendations
Affiliated Organizations
ACM Learning Center
Resources for Educators
Resources for Graduating Students
Education Board and Advisory Committee
Reports and Studies
Contact Us
Education
ACM’s educational activities, conducted primarily through our Education Board and Advisory Committee, range from the K-12 space (CSTA) and two-year programs to undergraduate, graduate, and doctoral-level education, and professional development for computing practitioners at every stage of their career...
[Learn More about Education…]
Code Reviews – From Bottleneck to Superpower
It's Time Deep Learning Learned from Software Engineering
ACM ByteCast Ep8: Jennifer Widom
Learning Center
Learning Center Home
About the Learning Center
E-Learning
Member Offers
TechTalks
ByteCast
Resources
FAQs
Practitioner Board
Professional Development Committee
About ACM Learning Center
The ACM Learning Center offers ACM members access to lifelong learning tools and resources. Our E-Learning collections offer complimentary access to more than 55,000 online books and videos from top content publishers. The ACM TechTalk series brings leading computing luminaries and visionaries to your screen. Members enjoy exclusive offers and discounts on IT industry certifications and vendor-specific training.
ACM ByteCast Episode 6: Robin Murphy
ACM ByteCast Episode 7: Swetak Patel
ACM ByteCast Ep8: Jennifer Widom
Public Policy
Public Policy Home
About ACM's Public Policy Work
Tech Policy Council
Europe Tech Policy
US Tech Policy
Policy Products
Media Releases
Contact Us
Public Policy
ACM provides independent, nonpartisan, and technology-neutral research and resources to policy leaders, stakeholders, and the public about public policy issues, drawn from the deep technical expertise of the computing community.
[Learn More about ACM's Public Policy Work...]
ACM Europe TPC Comments on UK National Data Strategy
USTPC Urges Narrower Definition of Computer Fraud and Abuse Act
Diversity & Inclusion
Diversity & Inclusion Home
About Diversity & Inclusion
Stop Harassment
Report Unacceptable Behavior
Forming Diverse Teams
Words Matter
ACM Code of Ethics
ACM-W
ACM Future of Computing Academy
Contact Us
Diversity & Inclusion
Anyone, from any background, should feel encouraged to participate and contribute to ACM. ACM is committed to creating an environment that welcomes new ideas and perspectives, and where hostility or other antisocial behaviors are not tolerated.
[Learn More about ACM's Commitment to Diversity & Inclusion...]
Words Matter
How Diverse Is Your Team?
ACM Diversity and Inclusion Council Co-chairs
Chapters Home
About Chapters
Professional Chapters
Student Chapters
Find a Chapter
Meetups
Newsletter
Calendar of Local Activities
Distinguished Speakers
Annual Reports
Start a Chapter
Recently Chartered Chapters
Chapter Policies
Chapter Responsibilities
Officer Responsibilities
Chapter-in-a-Box
Chapter Administrative Interface
Chapter Web Tools
Get Promotional Materials
Chapter Management Toolkit
Ideas for Chapter Activities
Contact Us
Home
Chapters
ACM CHAPTER POLICIES
ACM CHAPTER POLICIES
Chapter Naming Convention
Chapters must be named according to ACM’s naming convention.
Student chapters must name their chapter after their school. After the school name ‘ACM’ or ‘ACM-W’ will be placed, proceeded by ‘Student Chapter’ (for special interest groups it will be proceeded by ‘Sig Name’ then ‘Student Chapter’). The following examples are to help clarify:
ACM Student Chapter: ‘School Name ACM Student Chapter’ (ex: University of Computing ACM Student Chapter)
ACM-W Student Chapter: ‘School Name ACM-W Student Chapter’ (ex: University of Computing ACM-W Student Chapter)
SIG Student Chapter: ‘School Name ACM SIG Name Student Chapter’ (ex: University of Computing ACM SIGGRAPH Student Chapter)
Professional Chapters must name themselves after a computing topic, industry, company, job function, or city they are based in. After the name ‘ACM’ or ‘ACM-W’ will be placed, proceeded by ‘Chapter’ (for special interest groups it will be proceeded by ‘Sig Name then ‘Chapter’). The following examples are to help clarify:
ACM Professional Chapter: ‘Name ACM Chapter’ (ex: Timbuktu ACM Chapter)
ACM-W Professional Chapter: ‘Name ACM-W Chapter’ (ex: Timbuktu ACM-W Chapter)
SIG Professional Chapter: ‘Name ACM SIG Name Chapter’ (ex: Timbuktu ACM SIGGRAPH Chapter)
Please note:   ACM no longer accepts country-wide chapters as they prevent the formation of future chapters in that nation. This is a growth driven decision. City-wide chapters are more effective in attracting attention and participants, and are more successful in managing and organizing.
Putting a Chapter on Probationary Status
If a Chapter does not submit a current Annual Report, they are placed on probationary status; if the Chapter submits their Annual Report while on “Probation,” their status is changed to “Active.”
If the Chapter is either a Special Interest Group (SIG) or ACM-W Chapter, the individual overseeing Chapter activities for that SIG or ACM-W Chapters, is advised of the Chapter’s probationary status.
If the Chapter resides in a geographic area where an ACM Regional Council exists, the Council is also advised that the Chapter has been put on “probationary status.”
If a Chapter placed on “Probationary” status desires help, they should contact the ACM Local Activities Coordinator, local_activities@acm.org, and ACM will provide as much guidance as possible.
Once the Chapter is listed as probationary, its listing on the Chapter website is removed.
De-chartering a Chapter
If a Chapter who is on “Probationary” status does not submit an Annual Report for two consecutive years, the Chapter is de-chartered. In order for the Chapter to become “Active” again, they must complete a “Viability Report.” This report asks the following:
The Chapter’s strategy for recruiting officers and members;
Upcoming Activities;
Financial Information;
The Chapter’s Officer List (at least four names of Chapter members with their email addresses must be included);
Information about the Officer submitting the report; and
General Information about the Chapter.
Please note that once a Viability Report is submitted, ACM may ask for additional information. Upon review of the Viability Report, ACM will decide whether or not to re-activate the chapter. For more information on Viability Reports, please visit: http://www.acm.org/chapters/chapter-viability-report
If the de-chartered Chapter is either a Special Interest Group (SIG) or ACM-W Chapter, the individual overseeing activities for that SIG or ACM-W Chapters is advised; these individuals are asked to remove the Chapter’s listing on their respective websites.
If the de-chartered Chapter resides in a geographic area where an ACM Regional Council exists, the Council is also advised about the Chapter being de-chartered.
If a de-chartered Chapter desires help, they should contact the ACM Local Activities Coordinator, local_activities@acm.org, and ACM will provide as much guidance as possible.
Once the Chapter has been de-chartered, its listing on the Chapter website is removed.
Annual Report
ACM’s fiscal year begins on July 1st and closes June 30th. Every Professional and Student Chapter is required to file an Annual Report each fiscal year; the Annual Report covers Chapter financial information, Chapter activities, and the IRS 990 Form (for U.S. Chapters only).
The Professional Chapter Annual Report requirements include:
Basic Finances and Census: this section must be completed before completing any other sections of the report.
Cash & Disbursements
Income to Third Parties
Income from Donors
Recent Activities
Upcoming Activities
Authorization and Signatures: allowing ACM to include the Chapter in its group filing with the IRS.
Finalization of the Report
The Student Chapter Annual Report requirements include:
Basic Finances and Census: this section must be completed before completing any other sections of the report.
Cash & Disbursements
Meetings & Recent Activities
Upcoming Activities
Authorization and Signatures
Finalization of the Report
To complete your Chapter’s Annual Report, you must login to the Chapter Administrative Interface using your Chapter web account username and password, and select “Annual Reports.”
Annual Report Notes:
Please note that a Chapter must have at least one current officer listed in the Chapter Officers section before an Annual Report can be completed. To add Chapter Officers, login to the Chapter Administrative Interface, using your Chapter web account username and password, and select “Chapter Officers-Add.”
The mandatory sections of the Annual Report include:
Basic Finances & Census
Cash Disbursements
Meetings & Recent Activities
Upcoming Activities
Authorization & Signatures
Finalization of the Report
Chapter Web Account
All new Chapters are encouraged to create a chapter web account. With a Chapter web account you can access the Chapter Administrative Interface, where you can:
Update your chapter's contact information
Add your chapter events to the Local Activities Calendar
Manage your chapter member roster
Complete your chapter's annual reports
Please note that this account is distinct from your ACM member web accounts.  You must be an active Chapter Officer to create your web account. Click here to create a username and password for your Chapter web account:
https://campus.acm.org/public/accounts/ca_interim.cfm.
On this page
Chapter Naming Convention
Putting a Chapter on Probationary Status
De-chartering a Chapter
Annual Report
Chapter Web Account
For Practitioners
The DevOps Phenomenon
ACM Queue’s “Research for Practice” serves up expert-curated guides to the best of computing research, and relates these breakthroughs to the challenges that software engineers face every day. This installment, “The DevOps Phenomenon” by Anna Wiedemann, Nicole Forsgren, Manuel Wiesche, Heiko Gewald and Helmut Krcmar, gives an overview of stories from across the industry about software organizations overcoming early hurdles of adopting DevOps practices, and coming out on the other side with tighter integration between software and operations teams, faster delivery times for new software features, and achieving higher levels of stability.
ACM Case Studies
Written by leading domain experts for software engineers, ACM Case Studies provide an in-depth look at how software teams overcome specific challenges by implementing new technologies, adopting new practices, or a combination of both. Often through first-hand accounts, these pieces explore what the challenges were, the tools and techniques that were used to combat them, and the solution that was achieved.
Become an ACM Distinguished Speaker!