http://www.uncfsu.edu/privacy-statement
double-chevron-right
plus
close
chevron-circle-down
chevron-circle-left
chevron-circle-right
chevron-circle-up
chevron-down-thin
chevron-down
chevron-left-thin
chevron-left
chevron-right-thin
chevron-right
chevron-up-thin
chevron-up
full-dotted-circle
home-breadcrumbs
academic
online
lightbulb
search
tuition
thought
flag-sportive-tool-outline
paint-brush
musical-note
business
tap
two-round-overlapping-speech-bubbles
sign-in
gift
calendar
pencil
checked
star
questions-circular-button
information
tools
home
new-file
group
books
column
handshake
bar-chart
masks
placeholder
like
medal
atomic
share
trophy
internet
logo-stacked
logo-inline
menu
play-button
quarter-dotted-circle
social-facebook
social-microphone
social-twitter
social-youtube
dot
arrow-right
share-twitter
share-email
share-linkedin
share-facebook
Return to Homepage
Privacy Statement
Privacy Statement
Last Revised:
September 1, 2020
Fayetteville State University ("FSU") is committed to personal privacy and transparency. This privacy statement outlines what personal information FSU may collect about you and how the University may use it. The following explains FSU's information collection and disclosure practices for the website www.uncfsu.edu/ and the network of websites making up the FSU online network.
FSU complies with applicable federal and state laws and UNC System and FSU policies on the collection, use, and disclosure of personal information.
This Privacy Statement may be amended from time to time. Any such changes will be posted on this page.
INFORMATION THAT IS COLLECTED
FSU collects information when its website, www.uncfsu.edu, is accessed, when an individual subscribes to its email services, fills out admissions or employment applications, engages with FSU-operated or public social media platforms, or provides information through other web services. This information includes the pages visited on the site, the date and time of the visit, the Internet address (URL or IP address) of the referring site, the domain name and IP address from which the access occurred, the version of browser used, the capabilities of the browser, search terms used on our search engines, information collected by social media platforms, and other personally identifying information provided to FSU.
HOW INFORMATION IS BEING COLLECTED
FSU collects information through cookies.  Cookies are small files that are stored on your computer (unless you block them). We use cookies to understand and save your preferences for future visits and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may contract with third party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf, except to help us conduct and improve our services.
HOW INFORMATION IS USED
The data and information are used to monitor the effectiveness of the websites, network management, security purposes, provide a unique and personalized user experience to visitors, send targeted communications and promotions, and consider potential improvements. FSU does not sell or share any specific information about a particular user obtained from these tools to non-FSU associated third parties. FSU may use information collected to reach out to you directly.
FSU may release your information to vendors, contractors, and affiliated entities who assist the University with its operations, including some social media platforms or other third-party service providers. These FSU vendors or contractors are only permitted to use personal information for the express purposes permitted in their agreement with the University.
Personally identifiable information is not released to external parties without your consent unless required or authorized by law.
NON-FSU WEBSITES
This privacy statement applies solely to information collected on FSU's online network. If you click on a link that directs you to a website or resource outside of FSU'S online network, you are subject to the privacy policies of that site. FSU is not responsible for the privacy practices of non-FSU websites, including independent websites of faculty, staff, or students that are not supported by FSU.
PROTECTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
FSU uses its best efforts to protect personal information that you provide to us or that it automatically collects. FSU works diligently to safeguard your personal information to prevent unauthorized information access or disclosure, maintain information accuracy, and ensure appropriate use of collected information. To assist with these efforts, FSU has created and implemented appropriate technical and administrative procedures to safeguard personal information consistent with applicable privacy and data security laws.
Nevertheless, FSU cannot guarantee these safeguards will protect any personal information that you provide. Although FSU will use its best efforts to protect this information from unlawful access or disclosure, providing personal information to FSU is at your own risk.
CHILDREN'S PROGRAM PARTICIPATION ACTIVITIES
FSU offers programs and activities designed for children and youth (e.g., summer camps). Parents and guardians may register their children for these programs through FSU's online network. These registration and application websites are intended to be used only by adults and not by children under the age of 13. FSU does not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. Any personal information of children provided to FSU on these sites should be shared with FSU only by a child's parent or legal guardian. Information that may be requested from parents and/or a guardian, and voluntarily provided to FSU include: Child's Name, Birthdate, Grade Level, and Gender; and Parent or Legal Guardian's Name, Residential or Mailing Address, Email Address, and Phone Number.
RECORDS RETENTION AND DISPOSITION
Records created by and submitted to FSU are maintained and destroyed according to requirements under the laws of the State of North Carolina. For more information on how FSU maintains and destroys University records, please see the UNC General Records Retention and Disposition Schedule available at FSU's
Policies and Procedures website.
PUBLIC RECORD DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS
NC public records law requires FSU to disclose records that FSU has made or received in the course of conducting state business unless there is a specific legal basis for maintaining the privacy of the requested records. Unless specifically protected by law (e.g., FERPA-protected student education records, HIPAA-protected health information, certain personnel records) the University may disclose information obtained through your use of University systems for University business purposes in accordance with governing law.
Footer NavigationBroncoConnect Bookstore Library Jobs at FSU Contact Us Privacy Statement News Events