http://www.recallusa.com/privacy.html
Last updated: Dec 11, 01:39 AM CST
Drives Recovered:
6,019,735
Data Saved:
8,368,790,637 MB
Contact
Privacy and Website Usage Policy
Our
Commitment to Privacy
Thank you for visiting the totalrecall.com web site. Protecting your privacy is very important to us. Our Online Privacy Statement is designed to inform you about our online collection and use of personal information. From time to time, we may modify this Online Privacy Statement.
The
Online Privacy Statement is available on the home page
of this web site as well as at every point where you
provide us with personal information.
The
Only Personal Information We Collect Online is that
Information You Voluntarily Provide to Us.
This
information may include, for example, company name or
E-mail address. If you supply us with personal information
on this web site, you will only be contacted so that
we can provide you with the information or services
you have requested or to occasionally send you other
information about Total Recall and its products that
we believe you would find interesting.
When
You Browse the Web site, You Do So Without Revealing
Your Identity.
Personal
information, such as your E-mail address, is not collected,
unless you provide it to us. We do not disclose domain
name or aggregate information to third parties other
than vendors who assist us with our web site and who
are under strict confidentiality requirements.
We
Are Committed to Protecting the Confidentiality of Your
Information.
Our
policies limit access to personal user information that
is collected from this web site to only our employees
and those of our affiliates who need the information
to fulfill their business responsibilities. Vendors
and other outside contractors we engage are subject
to our contractual requirements to ensure that sensitive
personal information is safeguarded.
Employees
must adhere to our Online Privacy Statement and those
who violate it are subject to disciplinary action, up
to and including dismissal.
We Use Appropriate Security Safeguards
Security
is a priority. We employ appropriate measures, including
advanced technology, to protect personal information
collected online against unauthorized access, disclosure,
alteration or destruction. These may include, among
others, encryption, physical access security, and other
appropriate technologies. We continually review and
enhance our security systems, as necessary.
We
Maintain Procedures to Assure the Quality of Information
We Collect and In Some Instances, We Inform Consumers
About How They Can Access Their Information and Make
Corrections, If Necessary.
We
employ appropriate measures to assure the quality of
information that we collect from users online. Where
we would directly collect and maintain consumer information
from online users, we would inform users how to correct
any erroneous or out-of-date information stored in our
database. Where applicable, we abide by laws related
to such information.
Use of Information
Submitted
Total Recall is free to use any comments, information, ideas, concepts, reviews, or techniques contained in any communication you may send to the totalrecall.com Web site without further compensation, acknowledgement or payment to you for any purpose whatsoever including, but not limited to, developing, manufacturing and marketing products and creating, modifying or improving the totalrecall.com Web site or other Web sites. Furthermore, by posting any information on our site, you grant us a nonexclusive, royalty-free license to display, use, reproduce or modify that information.
Your Conduct on the totalrecall.com Web Site
By accessing the totalrecall.com Web site, you agree not to upload, post, email or otherwise send or transmit any material that contains software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment associated with the totalrecall.com Web site. You also agree not to interfere with the servers or networks connected to the totalrecall.com Web site or to violate any of the procedures, policies or regulations of networks connected to the totalrecall.com Web site, the terms of which are incorporated herein. You also agree not to impersonate any other person while using the totalrecall.com Web site, conduct yourself in a vulgar or offensive manner while using our service, or use the totalrecall.com Web site for any unlawful purpose.
Limitations
on Use
You must be 18 years of age or older to use the Total Recall service. Unless otherwise specified, the content on the totrecall.com Web site is for your personal and non-commercial use and we grant you a limited license to access the totalrecall.com Web site for that purpose. You may not download (other than through page caching necessary for personal use), modify, copy, distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, duplicate, publish, license, create derivative works from, or offer for sale any information contained on, or obtained from, the totalrecall.com Web site without our express written consent. Any unauthorized use of the totalrecall.com Web site or its contents will terminate the limited license granted by us.
Right to
Terminate
We reserve the right
to terminate or restrict your use of our service, without
notice, for any or no reason whatsoever.
Links
Some of the hyperlinks on the totalrecall.com Web site may lead to other Web sites that are not controlled by, or affiliated with, totalrecall. In addition, other Web sites may link to the totalrecall.com Web site. totalrecall.com has not reviewed these Web sites and is not responsible for the content or privacy policies of these Web sites.
Notice to Non-U.S. Visitors
This
Online Privacy Statement is currently applicable to
only U.S. customers and visitors to this web site. International
businesses may have their own rules and practices, which
are consistent with their own privacy statements.
They may alter their statements as needed for
certain products/services and to abide by local laws
and customs.
Last Update: July 19, 2004.
More about: Data Recovery
© 1992- Total Recall Data Recovery Services All rights reserved.
About Us | Privacy | Contact Us
| 185.149.69.69