http://www.pw-soft.com/privacy.html
Privacy Policy
Shopping
Shopping in our store is 100% safe! It is our #1 priority to make sure
you can shop safely in our store. When you place an order, Power Soft
protects your credit card number and personal information by encrypting
it. Encryption scrambles your credit card number and personal information.
It stays scrambled while traveling over the Net and remains scrambled
even while it arrives to Power Soft's machines. Your credit card number
is not kept or recorded by Power Soft or our computers - it is simply
passed through to the credit card company to finalize the purchase.
For secure commerce transactions Power Soft uses the industry standard
secure server software (SSL), which is among the best software available
today.
Personal Information
Power Soft collects basic contact information when you fill in a order
form. This information will be used for administrative and identification
purposes only and will not be shared with our partners or third parties.
Personal information is stored on Power Soft computers and is only accessed
by authorized Power Soft personnel.
Software
The software distributed on our site doesn't collect any personal information
or send any information to our servers. Any outbound network connections made
by our software are made for the sole purpose of performing documented tasks,
such as checking for new version. We don't and never will distribute spyware.
We encourage you to download our software directly from our site to avoid
potential security risks, such as downloading infected software.
Server Log Files
We use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track user's
movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use.
IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
If you have any questions about the security of our web site or about this
privacy policy, please contact us by e-mail.
Go back
Home  |
Products  |
Download  |
Buy Now  |
Online help  |
Support
Term of use
Privacy Policy
Designed by Power Soft © 2002-2015