http://www.iapps.com/privacy-policy
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Last updated: May 24, 2018 This privacy policy applies to the information collected and tracked through the websites owned by Bridgeline Digital Inc., incorporated under the laws of Delaware with a principal place of business located at 100 Summit Drive #916, Burlington, MA, USA, and its Corporate Affiliates (collectively referred to in this privacy policy as "Bridgeline Digital," "us,"we,"and "our"). These websites are collectively referred to in this privacy policy as "our website" or "this website". Bridgeline Digital is sensitive to the privacy of those who visit our website. We recognize the need for appropriate protections and management of your personal information that is provided to us via this website. Bridgeline Digital has therefore established this privacy policy to assist you in understanding what information we collect from you and how that information is used. Bridgeline Digital complies with the U.S.-EU Safe Harbor Framework and the U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information from European Union member countries and Switzerland. Bridgeline Digital has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice, choice, onward transfer, security, data integrity, access, and enforcement. To learn more about the Safe Harbor program, and to view the company’s certification, please visit http://www.export.gov/safeharbor. Furthermore, for EU-based natural persons, Bridgeline will comply with the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information from European Union member countries. Bridgeline Digital will adhere to the GDPR principles of notice, choice, onward transfer, security, data integrity, access, and enforcement. To learn more about the GDPR, please visit https://www.eugdpr.org/.  Please read this privacy policy carefully. By accessing this website, you are indicating that you acknowledge and agree to the terms and conditions set forth in this privacy policy. We reserve the right to change this privacy policy from time to time, as further described in the section below titled "How will you know if there are any changes to this privacy policy?". 1. What personally identifiable information, or personal information under the GDPR, does Bridgeline Digital collect from you? Bridgeline Digital collects information from our users at several different points on our website. In general, you can visit the Bridgeline Digital website without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information. We track visiting domains, internet addresses of the domains from which people visit us to track a user's session. The user's browser also lets us know the type of computer and operating system being used. This allows us to analyze the information as to which parts of our site users spend their time and their length of stay but we do not use this to obtain any personal information about the user. Sometimes, however, we will ask you to voluntarily provide information which, by itself, can be used to identify you (referred to in this privacy policy as "personally identifiable information" or "personal information"; the latter as defined in the GDPR). Where you are asked to provide personal information, a clear, plain language explanation of the intended purpose of this data and information on how to revoke your consent for its processing is presented.  For example, you may be asked to provide your name, e-mail address, postal address and/or telephone number. Some of the circumstances under which we may request this information may include one or more of the following: (1) registering before downloading software; (2) registering for attendance to an online seminar, demo or tradeshow; (3) filling out a sales information request or contact form; (4) viewing a recorded event; (5) becoming a registered user; (6) signing up for a mailing list; (7) during correspondence with us; (8) entering a sweepstakes or other promotional/informational feature via the website; (9) completing a survey that we use for research; and (10) such other activities as we may reasonably consider necessary. Bridgeline Digital generally does not collect any sensitive personally identifiable information or sensitive personal information as expanded by the GDPR, such as information specifying medical or health conditions, racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership or information specifying the sex life of an individual. You make the decision whether to proceed with any activity that requests personal information. If you do not wish to provide the requested information, you may not be able to complete the applicable activity or use certain features or functions of our website. 2. How does Bridgeline Digital use information it collects? In general, we use the information collected on our website to provide our website to you, to provide you with access to services or otherwise engage in activities you select, to help us understand who uses our website, to improve our website, to assist us in creating better products and services to meet your needs, to help you quickly find software, services, or product information important to you, and to contact you for customer service and billing purposes, in response to your inquiries, and to notify you about important changes to our website. If you provide us with your e-mail or postal address, or have done so in the past, we may use it to send you information on the latest Bridgeline Digital products, promotions, and events. We may use information you have given to us, for example, to measure consumer interest in our various products, or to inform you about new products and services. These offers may be based on information you provided in your initial transaction with us or in surveys. Bridgeline Digital provides customers with an easy means to decline to receive such e-mail offers. All e-mail offers that you receive from Bridgeline Digital will tell you how to decline further e-mail offers. To manually unsubscribe from our lists, please send an e-mail to privacy@bridgeline.com. For EU-resident users who are natural persons, you will be receiving an “Opt-In” email on a move forward basis for the data in which Bridgeline is expressly requesting the use of, with a description of the purpose, and for the duration in which Bridgeline may require the maintenance that data. 3. What are cookies and how does Bridgeline Digital use them? Some of our web pages utilize "cookies" which are small text files placed on your computer’s hard drive that are read by the server that placed them, are unable to execute any code or virus and cannot take any additional information from your hard drive. These cookies allow the Bridgeline Digital website to recognize you when you revisit the site, and are able to remember certain information about you, such as your preferences in the site and the type of content you find of interest so that we can better serve you with more tailored information when you return to our site. You can set your browser to notify you when you are sent a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether or not to accept it. The information we collect and analyze is used to improve our service to you and personalize your web browsing experience. 4. What is Bridgeline Digital’s policy regarding links to other websites and third parties? Bridgeline Digital’s website may contain links to other sites on the Internet, which are owned and operated by Bridgeline Digital’s partners, customers, advertisers or other third parties. Bridgeline Digital has not reviewed these external websites or their privacy policies, and has no control over such external sites, does not endorse any external sites and is not responsible or liable for any content, advertising, products, or other materials that may appear on or may be available on, from or through any such external site. We encourage our users to be aware that when they leave our site or click on a link to another site from our site, they should read the privacy statements of each and such website. Bridgeline Digital is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites or any other websites that are linked to our site that may collect personally identifiable information about you. The data collection practices of those websites are not covered by Bridgeline Digital’s privacy policy. 5. With whom is this information shared? Except as set forth in this privacy policy or as specifically authorized by you, we will not disclose any information we gather from you on our website. Before we disclose any of your information to a third party we will ascertain that the third subscribes to principles for the protection of personal information that afford at least the same level of privacy protection as is required by this privacy policy. We may offer a service or promotion in conjunction with business partners, for example, a joint seminar or a product integration solution. In cases such as these, information collected may be shared by both companies. We may partner with another party to provide specific services. When the user signs up for these services, we will share names, or other contact and billing information that is necessary for the third party to provide these services. These parties are not allowed to use personally identifiable information except for the purpose of providing these services. We may provide to third parties information about you that by itself does not allow you to be identified or contacted, including where such information is combined with similar information of other users of our website. For example, we might inform third parties regarding the number of unique users who visit our website, the demographic breakdown of our registered users of our website, or the products and/or services purchased using our website and the vendors of such products and services. The third parties to which we may provide this information may include potential or actual advertisers, providers of advertising products or services (including vendors and website tracking services), merchants, affiliates and other actual or potential commercial partners, sponsors, licensees, researchers and other similar parties. We reserve the right to transfer information to a third party in the event of a sale, merger or other transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of Bridgeline Digital, provided that the third party agrees to adhere to the terms of this privacy policy. We may disclose information (including personally identifiable information) about you to our Corporate Affiliates. For purposes of this privacy policy, "Corporate Affiliate" means any person or entity which directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by or is under common control with Bridgeline Digital, whether by ownership or otherwise. Any information relating to you that we provide to our Corporate Affiliates will be treated by those Corporate Affiliates in accordance with the terms of this privacy policy. We may disclose your information (including personally identifiable information) if we believe in good faith that we are required to do so in order to comply with an applicable statute, regulation, rule or law, a subpoena, a search warrant, a court or regulatory order, or other valid legal process. We may disclose personally identifiable information in special circumstances when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be violating the terms of use for our website, or to protect the safety and/or security of our users, our website or the general public. 6. What options do you have regarding the collection, use and distribution of your information? Except as otherwise described in this privacy policy, we will only use personally identifiable information for the purposes described in this privacy policy or as otherwise disclosed at the time we request such information from you. You must "opt-in" and give us permission to use your personally identifiable information for any other purpose. You may also change your preferences and "opt-out" of receiving marketing communications. To manually unsubscribe from our lists, please send an e-mail to privacy@bridgeline.com. Also, if you no longer wish to have your personally identifiable information disclosed to third parties, you may choose to "opt-out" by notifying us that you want your personally identifiable information removed. To do so, send an e-mail to privacy@bridgeline.com. Please be aware that your personally identifiable information may have been disclosed to third parties prior to removal. Also, even after removal, we reserve the right to disclose your information to a third party in the event of a sale, merger or other transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of Bridgeline Digital, to our Corporate Affiliates, and when we believe in good faith that we are required to do so in order to comply with an applicable statute, regulation, rule or law, a subpoena, a search warrant, a court or regulatory order, or other valid legal process. 7. What is Bridgeline Digital's policy on allowing you to update, correct or delete your personally identifiable information? If you would like to access, amend, or delete and of your personably identifiable information, please send an e-mail to privacy@bridgeline.com 8. What security precautions are in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of your information? Bridgeline Digital Takes reasonable precautions to protect personally identifiable information or personal information from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. To protect the privacy of any personal information or personal information you may have provided, Bridgeline Digital employs industry-standard controls including physical access controls, Internet firewalls, intrusion detection, and network monitoring. Additionally, only authorized administrators and staff have access to systems containing such information. Backup data is securely stored and not shared with third-parties. 9. How will you know if there are any changes to this privacy policy? You should be aware that we may revise this privacy policy at any time and that such revisions may result in additional uses or disclosures of your personally identifiable information or personal information. We encourage you to check this page periodically for any changes. When we make any changes to this privacy policy, we will update the “Last updated” date at the beginning of this privacy policy. If we make any changes to this privacy policy that affect our use of your personally identifiable information or persona information, we will notify you by email, and the changes will become effective 10 days after notification. Your continued use of our website after the 10-day period will indicate that you accept those changes. We may also make non-material changes to this privacy policy that generally will not affect our use of your personally identifiable information or personal information. Your continued use of our website following the posting of those changes will mean you accept those changes. 10. What do I do if I have any privacy questions or if I believe you are not abiding by the terms of this privacy policy? If you have any questions or comments about this privacy policy or feel that we are not abiding by the terms of this privacy policy, please send an e-mail to privacy@bridgeline.com. If after 30 days you still believe your complaint has not been satisfactorily resolved, you may require that the matter be settled by a binding independent recourse mechanism. As an independent recourse mechanism, we recommend the American Arbitration Association ("AAA"). The AAA provides dispute resolution services using a neutral arbitrator which will provide case resolution under the applicable AAA rules. Written notice of arbitration should be delivered to Bridgeline Digital to privacy@bridgeline.com and such arbitration will take place in Boston, Massachusetts, USA, or other location agreed to by Bridgeline Digital. Each party will bear its own costs of arbitration. The arbitrator will have no authority to award punitive damages. For more information on the AAA and the dispute resolution services, please see www.adr.org. For EU-resident users who are natural persons, Bridgeline will respond to privacy inquiries in no longer than seventy (72) hours from the receipt of your inquiry as required under the GDPR. For unresolved issues under the GDPR, the dispute may be resolved as proscribed by the appropriate authority of the Member State. BY USING OUR WEBSITE, YOU SIGNIFY YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY, YOU SHOULD NOT USE OUR WEBSITE.
Close