http://www.infovisa.com/privacy
Skip to main content
About
Maui
Testimonials
Contact
News
Careers
Events
Client Conference
Partners
Call Us
Email Us
HomePrivacy Privacy Policy
Infovisa requests personally identifiable information (name, e-mail address, etc.) and demographic data (zip code, gender, interests, etc.) provided by you when you:
Subscribe to our newsletter
Register for our web resources
Sign-up for an event
Send us an e-mail message.
You are not required to disclose any personally identifiable information to us, although portions of our web site may be unavailable to you without such information.
How we use the information provided to us depends upon the requests made by you. We share personally identifiable information with our third party partners where necessary to process the services you have requested; for instance, if you sign-up for an Infovisa Conference, we will share the information necessary with our business partners who are sponsoring the conference.
We will use the contact information that you provide to us to inform you of new features and special information concerning Infovisa.
Infovisa uses IP addresses (random numbers assigned to individual computers) to help diagnose problems with our servers, administer our web site and anonymously track content preferences and traffic patterns. We may also use cookies (small text files transferred from our web site to your hard drive) to recognize repeat users, track usage behavior and facilitate your access to and use of our site. Cookies do not damage files or allow anyone to access your personally identifiable information; they simply allow us to monitor how well our site is serving your needs. They provide information to us about site usage that helps us improve and update our site. We will not share site usage statistics and demographic information with advertisers and other third parties.
The security of the information you provide to Infovisa is important to us. We utilize numerous system procedures, specialized software, and other security measures to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of sensitive information under our control. However, Infovisa’s web site includes links to other sites, and when you choose to visit those sites, we are not responsible for their privacy policies or how they treat user information. You should review the privacy policies of each of these sites when supplying personally identifiable information to them.
To make changes to your preferences, update your personally identifiable information, or unsubscribe to any e-mail subscriptions, please contact us directly. Infovisa reserves the right to alter our Privacy Policy as business needs require. Any changes to this policy will be posted on our web site in a timely manner.
MAUI®
Schedule a Demo
Hear from the Pros
Read Testimonials
MAUI® Modules
Customize It for You