http://www.renderx.com/privacy-policy.html
DEVELOPER'S ZONE
BOOKMARK & SHARE
RSS
SHOP
SEARCH
CONTACT US
The Future of Your Document Is Here
Products
Demos
Stories
Solutions
Support
Download
Customers
Partners
Company
Sitemap
Download Now!
RenderX offers all our software on a trial basis so that our prospects can easily see why thousands of customers have selected XEP to meet their needs.
Why not download a trial version today and see for yourself!
Privacy Policy
This document sets forth the RenderX Online Privacy Policy (the
"Privacy Policy") for this Web site (the "Site"). If you have
objections to the Privacy Policy, you should not access or use this
Site.
Personal Information
All personal information ("Personal Information" is defined as any
information that identifies or can be used to identify, contact, or
locate the person to whom such information pertains) that we collect
and maintain will be subject to the version of the Privacy Policy in
effect at the time of such collection.
Changes in Privacy Policy
RenderX reserves the right to change the Privacy Policy from time to
time at its sole discretion, and will provide notice of material
changes on the home page of the Site. You will be deemed to have
been made aware of, and will be subject to, such changes by your
continued use of the Site after such notice has been posted for
thirty (30) days with the following exception: If at the time you
provide personal information to RenderX you are given the
opportunity (as you currently are) to limit how such information
will be used to communicate with you, either by RenderX or by third
parties, RenderX will not change your preference in this regard
without your express consent. However, if RenderX sells assets (or
the assets of a division or subsidiary) to another entity, or
RenderX (or a division or subsidiary) is acquired by or merged with,
another entity, RenderX may provide to such entity customer
information that is related to that part of our business that was
sold to or merged with the other entity without your consent.
Collection of Personal Information
Personal information on this Site is collected by RenderX,
Inc. RenderX's address and phone numbers are specified at our
contact page.
The Site may contain links to other sites at which personal
information is collected. In such instances, unless expressly
provided to the contrary, the collection and use of your personal
information will be governed by the privacy policy applicable to
that site. That privacy policy should identify the entity that is
collecting your personal information.
As a visitor to this Site, you can engage in some activities
without providing any personal information. In connection with other
activities and services offered on the Site or utilizing online
software applications, RenderX may ask you to provide certain
information about yourself by filling out and submitting an online
form. It is completely optional for you to engage in these
activities. If you elect to engage in these activities, however,
RenderX may ask that you provide us personal information, such as
your first and last name, mailing address (including ZIP code),
e-mail address, employer, job title and department, telephone and
fax numbers, and other personal information as asked for in a
particular activity or service.
When ordering products or services on the Site, you may be asked
to provide a credit card number. Depending upon the activity, some
of the information that we ask you to provide is identified as
mandatory and some as voluntary. If you do not provide the mandatory
data with respect to a particular activity or service, you will not
be able to engage in that activity or service.
When you use the Site, RenderX or third parties authorized by
RenderX may also collect certain technical and routing information
about your computer to facilitate your use of the Site and its
services. For example, we may log environmental variables, such as
browser type, operating system, CPU speed, and the Internet Protocol
(IP) address of your computer. We use these environmental variables
to facilitate and track your use of the Site and its
services. RenderX also uses such environmental variables to measure
traffic patterns on the Site. Without expressly informing you in
each particular circumstance, we do not match such information with
any of your personal information.
When you submit personal information to RenderX through this
Site, you understand and agree that this information may be
transferred across national boundaries and may be stored and
processed in any of the countries in which RenderX and its
affiliates and subsidiaries maintain offices, including, without
limitation, the United States. You also acknowledge that in certain
countries or with respect to certain activities, the collection,
transferring, storage, and processing of your information may be
undertaken by trusted vendors of RenderX. Such vendors are bound by
contract not to use your personal information for their own purposes
or provide it to any third parties.
RenderX has established, or may establish, relationships with
various service providers whose services may be available to you
from this Site or from Web sites that are linked to this
Site. Typically, these providers offer services that RenderX
customers might find useful, such as those that can be used in
conjunction with RenderX services and products. In order to use
those services, you may be required to provide personal information
to the providers. Unless expressly provided to the contrary,
personal information that you provide while you are visiting a
provider's Web site will be subject to the privacy policy posted on
such site, and personal information that you provide while on this
Site in conjunction with a provider's service will be subject to
this Privacy Policy. You should be aware that our agreements with
these service providers often provide that they will share with
RenderX personal information collected from you. In such instances,
RenderX may use this information in a manner consistent with this
Privacy Policy.
How We Use Your Personal Information
RenderX collects your information in order to record and support
your participation in the activities you select. Your personal
information is also used to keep you informed about product
upgrades, special offers, and other products and services of RenderX
and selected third parties.
RenderX may collect information about the use of the Site, such
as the types of services used and how many users we receive
daily. This information is collected in aggregate form, without
identifying any user individually. RenderX may use this aggregate,
non-identifying statistical data for statistical analysis,
marketing, or similar promotional purposes.
Your Choices With Respect To Personal Information
RenderX recognizes and appreciates the importance of responsible
use of information collected on this Site. Without your consent,
RenderX will not communicate any information to you regarding
products, services and special offers available from RenderX,
although we may find it necessary to communicate with you regarding
your use of the services on this Site. Except in the particular
circumstances described in this Privacy Policy, RenderX will also
not provide your name to other companies or organizations without
your consent.
There are other instances in which RenderX may divulge your
personal information. RenderX may provide your personal information
if necessary, in RenderX's good faith judgment, to comply with laws
or regulations of a governmental or regulatory body or in response
to a valid subpoena, warrant, or order or to protect the rights of
RenderX or others.
Protection of Your Personal Information
The personal information that you provide in connection with
registering yourself as a user of RenderX products or services or
registering an RenderX product is classified as Registration
Information. Registration Information is protected in several
ways. Access by you to your Registration Information is available
through a password and unique customer ID selected by you. This
password is encrypted. We recommend that you do not divulge your
password to anyone. In addition, your Registration Information
resides on a secure server that only selected RenderX personnel and
contractors have access to via password. RenderX encrypts your
personal information and thereby strives to prevent unauthorized
parties from viewing such information when it is transmitted to
RenderX.
Personal information that you provide that does not constitute
Registration Information also resides on a secure server and is
accessible only to selected RenderX personnel and contractors via
password. Since this information is not accessible by you, you will
not be asked to select a password in order to view or modify such
information.
Please note that any information you post to a public bulletin
board, such as the RenderX xep-support, is
available to all persons accessing that Site.
Use of Cookies
When you visit this Site, you can browse the Site and access
important information without revealing your identity. In order to
improve our Site, we use "cookies" to track your visit. A cookie is
a small amount of data that is transferred to your browser by a Web
server and can only be read by the server that gave it to you. It
functions as your identification card, and enables RenderX to record
your passwords, purchases, and preferences. It cannot be executed as
code or deliver viruses.
Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies. You can set
your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the
chance to decide whether to accept it. (For some Web pages that
require an authorization, cookies are not optional. Users choosing
not to accept cookies will probably not be able to access those
pages.)
Privacy-related Complaints
RenderX takes its users' privacy concerns seriously. If you
believe that RenderX has not complied with this Online Privacy
Policy with respect to your personal information, you may write the
RenderX Privacy Officer at the address indicated on our
contact page.
In your letter, please describe in as much detail as possible the
ways in which you believe that the RenderX Online Privacy Policy has
not been complied with. We will investigate your complaint promptly.
Please note that if you provide RenderX with inconsistent privacy
preferences (for example, by indicating on one occasion that third
parties may contact you with marketing offers and indicating on
another occasion that they may not), RenderX cannot guarantee that
your most recent privacy preference will be honored.
Also, please note that RenderX is not responsible for the content
or privacy practices of non-RenderX Web sites to which this Site or
any other RenderX Web site may link. You should review the privacy
policy of such sites before using the sites.
News
October 15, 2020
EnMasse 3.3 released
HTTP/1.1 server status;
performance improvements;
improved logging.
More news...
December 13, 2019
XEP 4.30 released
Rounded corners extension;
PDF Form Fields:
deselecatble radio buttons,
text alignment, bug fixes.
More news...
May 15, 2019
XEP 4.29 released
New rx:barcode extension;
bug fixes: PDF Form Fields,
font subsetting, SVG;
XEPWin: No JRE installer.
More news...
October 11, 2018
XEP 4.28 released
Digital Signature form field;
Adobe Cross mark;
Improved Checkmark Position;
XMP Metadata injection.
More news...
August 1, 2018
EnMasse 3.2 released
Multi-service mode - Fork;
improved Cliser logs;
simplified config format;
improved sample client.
More news...
RSS: Subscribe
© 2005-2019 RenderX®
•
Contact Us
•
Privacy Policy
•
Terms of Service