http://www.pageworks.co.uk/about-us/privacy/
Home
Privacy
Cookies
Terms
Privacy Policy
Introduction: Pageworks takes your privacy seriously. This privacy policy describes how and why we obtain, store and process data which can identify you. We may update this policy from time to time, so Please review our Privacy Policy regularly.
By visiting www.pageworks.co.uk you are accepting and consenting to the practices described below.
The Information we collect: Information is collected from you when you voluntairily register with us where the information we collect is clearly set out on the web page on which we collect it, or provide when you communicate with us by any means, or when you contribute to or use some of the advanced features on the site. In addition, we may collect your IP address and use cookies unless you configure your web browser not to accept them. We also collect and process information about your use of our site including details of your visits such as pages viewed and the resources that you access. Such information includes traffic data, location data and other communication data.
Why we collect it: We collect information about you so that we can personalise your use of the site, assist your use of the site and improve the site generally for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, statistical and survey purposes. Depending upon your selections for our data protection questions we may arrange for you to be sent information about related products and services from us. You may update the answers to your questions at any time by writing to us.
Who we disclose it to:
We will only pass on information about you as an individual (as opposed to aggregate information) to third parties to enable us to perform services requested by you or with your prior consent.
In certain circumstances we may need to disclose information about you if you breach this privacy policy or if you breach the Terms and Conditions. We may also disclose or access your account if required to do so by law or by any Governmental body.
We have the right to share your personal information with analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimisation of our site and, in the case of information provided by you for a vacancy, with previous employers
We may disclose your personal information to third parties in the event that:
Pageworks Ltd or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it about its customers will be one of the transferred assets;
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Pageworks Ltd our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction
We will only pass on information about you as an individual (as opposed to aggregate information) to third parties overseas to enable us to perform services requested by you.
How long we will keep your personal information - We will hold your personal information on our systems only for as long as is necessary.
Data Protection: Pageworks is registered with the Information Commissioner in the UK as a "data controller" in accordance with the provisions of the Data Protection Act 1998. Further details of the registration are available at https://ico.org.uk.
Security: Keeping information about you secure is very important to us and certain sections of the site may encrypt data using SSL or a comparable standard. However, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be totally secure. As a result, whilst we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information which you send to us, and you do so at your own risk.
Our website may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of third parties that we permit to make such links. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. We recommend that you check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
Accessing and updating your personal information: We will always let you have a copy of personal information we have about you, should you request it, and you may correct it if you wish. Instructions about how to do this are available from fiona@pageworks.co.uk.
Questions?: If you have any questions relating to this Privacy Policy or how we use the personal information we have about you, please contact fiona@pageworks.co.uk. We will endeavour to respond to you promptly.
We do update this Policy from time to time and any changes will be posted on this page. .
Above and beyond
We are certainly not afraid of hard work and your deadline is as important to us as it is to you!
Web Services
Web Design
Search Engine Optimisation
Hosting
Mobile Design
Email Marketing
Tags
Drupal
Wordpress
LemonStand
Lasso
Concrete5
HTML5
CSS3
BootStrap
MailChimp
jQuery
Javascript
Get social
Follow us 51 followers
Like us 89 likes
Subscribe 44 subscribers