https://www.clicktime.com/policy-timesheet/cookie-policy/
phone 888-746-8227
Support
About
search
search close
menu
Timesheets
Track
Time
Expenses
Time Off
Overtime
Mobile
Manage
Project Budgets
Employee Hours
Employee Performance
Employee Permissions
Report
80+ Reports
Business Intelligence
Dashboards
Integrations
Custom Reports
Feature Tour
Why ClickTime
Reduce Costs
Stay on Budget
Reduce Administrative Costs
Ensure Compliance
Improve Performance
Improve Employee Utilization
Know When to Hire
Track Time Faster
Resource Planning Tool
Manage Remote Teams
Timesheet Benefits
Case Studies
Timesheets for Employees
Time Tracking for Managers
Timesheets for Executives
Award-Winning Support
Customers
Time Tracking by Industry
Accounting
Architecture
Clinical Research
Consulting
Design
Energy Services
Engineering
Event Planning
Financial Services
Government
Healthcare
IT Services
Manufacturing
Marketing/Advertising
Non-Profit
PR
Real Estate
Software Development
Staffing, Recruiting, and HR
IT Departments
Universities
Enterprise Solutions
Pricing
Demo
Free Trial
Home
ClickTime Featuresarrow_drop_down
Mobile App
Time Tracking
Time Off
Overtime
Expenses
Reports
Project Budgeting
Integrations
Product Tour
Why ClickTimearrow_drop_down
Case Studies
Increase Employee Utilization
Know When to Hire
Track Time Faster
Stay on Budget
Do More with Less
Easy Compliance
Aboutarrow_drop_down
Blog
Company
Support
Careers
Pricing
Free Trial
Policy
Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
Security
Sub-Processors List
Terms of Service
ClickTime Cookie Policy
As part of offering personalized services and customizing your experience at ClickTime, we use cookies to store and track information about you throughout the session at our website.
Capitalized terms used in this policy but not defined have the meaning set forth in our Privacy Policy.
What is a cookie?
A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent to your computer from a web server and stored on your computer. Generally, we use different cookies to serve you better, to save time, and help you better understand ClickTime offerings and services.
What cookies does ClickTime use?
Each cookie we use falls within these categories:
Category
Description
Essential Cookie
A temporary cookie simply determines whether or not your browser will accept cookies. Acceptance of cookies is obligatory in order to access an account.
Authentication
If you’ve signed in to ClickTime, you’re,given a cookie that maintains your identity to make it easier to sign in and access your timesheet. This cookie also stores your preferences settings to help personalize your experience.
Security
We use a session cookie with a “time-out” function which disappears once you sign out. The cookie also "expires" for security purposes after a certain amount of time so that your program will not continually run without user activity.
Analytics
Cookies helps us learn how well our website and Application perform. We also use cookies to understand, improve, and research products, features. This type of information is aggregately collected for our site as a whole.
Support
A support cookie is used to help provide online support through an onscreen-help system.
Advertising
We also sometimes use cookies delivered by third parties to show you ads for ClickTime products and services that we think may interest you on any devices you may use and to track the performance of Company advertisements. For example, in these cases, cookies remember information such as which browsers have visited the Company’s Websites. The information provided to third parties does not include personal information, but this information may be re-associated with personal information after the Company receives it.
How are cookies used for advertising purposes?
When you visit the ClickTime marketing site prior to purchase, ClickTime contracts with third-party advertising networks that collect IP addresses and other information from Web beacons (see below) on the Company’s Websites and services, from emails, and on third-party websites. Ad networks follow your online activities over time and across different sites or other online services by collecting Website Navigational Information through automated means, including through the use of cookies. These technologies may recognize you across the different devices you use, such as a desktop or laptop computer, smartphone or tablet. Third parties use this information to provide advertisements about products and services tailored to your interests. You may see these advertisements on other websites or mobile applications on any of your devices. This process also helps us manage and track the effectiveness of our marketing efforts. Third parties, with whom the Company partners to provide certain features on our websites or to display advertising based upon your Web browsing activity, use Flash cookies to collect and store information. Flash cookies are different from browser cookies because of the amount of, type of, and how data is stored.
Cookies and Personal Data
The data collected on traffic patterns and your behavior is aggregate information. We have no other specific personal information about you besides the information you have explicitly provided. We collect and store IP addresses for system administration and to report the aggregate information for our personal use. Your IP address is also used to help diagnose problems with our servers and to administer our website.
What is Do Not Track (DNT)?
Currently, various browsers — including Chrome, Internet Explorer, Firefox, and Safari — offer a “do not track” or “DNT” option that relies on a technology known as a DNT header, which sends a signal to Websites’ visited by the user about the user's browser DNT preference setting. ClickTime does not currently commit to responding to browsers' DNT signals with respect to the Company's Websites, in part, because no common industry standard for DNT has been adopted by industry groups, technology companies or regulators, including no consistent standard of interpreting user intent. ClickTime takes privacy and meaningful choice seriously and will make efforts to continue to monitor developments around DNT browser technology and the implementation of a standard.
Other Resources
To learn more about these and other advertising networks and your ability to opt out of collection, please visit the opt-out pages of the Network Advertising Initiative, here, and the Digital Advertising Alliance, here.
To learn how to manage privacy and storage settings for Flash cookies click here. Various browsers may offer their own management tools for removing HTML5 local storage.
Contacting ClickTime
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this website, you can contact privacy@clicktime.com or mail us at: ClickTime Customer services clicktime.com, Inc. 282 Second Street, 4th Floor San Francisco, CA 94105
Amendments
Our site contains links to a number of websites that may offer useful information to our visitors. This Website Privacy Statement does not apply to those sites, and we recommend communicating with them directly for information on their privacy and cookies policies. Revised: April 23, 2018
Start Tracking Time Today!
Get Your Free Trial Now
ClickTime » Policy » Cookie Policy
Time Tracking Software
Agency Timesheets
Nonprofit Timesheets
Time Tracking for IT
Time Tracking for Consultants
Employee Time Tracker
Timesheet App
We're Hiring!
Blog
Resources
Remote Workforce Resources
HR Resource Center
Resource Planning Template
Capacity Planning Template
Guide to Project Cost Estimation
How to Get Employees to Track Time
Timesheet Calculator
Timesheet Template
Rethink Your Billing Rates
Timesheet Integrations
Time Tracking Integrations
QuickBooks Time Tracking
QuickBooks Online
QuickBooks Desktop
Trello Time Tracking
Slack Integration
Salesforce Integration
BambooHR Time Tracking
Rippling Time Tracking
Join Our Newsletter
Get the latest information from ClickTime on timesheet and expenses directly to your inbox.
Twitter
LinkedIn
Facebook
Copyright ©2020 ClickTime. All Rights Reserved.
Privacy Policy.
We use cookies to make interactions with ClickTime easier and to improve communications. By continuing to use this site, you agree to the use of cookies as described in our Cookie Policy.
Help