http://www.kinetixhosting.com/about/policies.html
Kinetix Hosting
Quality affordable small business web hosting service by JSW4.NET
Sign In
Home
Blog
Shared Hosting
Support
Why Kinetix?
Contact
Search
Policies
Kinetix Hosting provides high quality business web hosting at fair prices. The policies listed below have been developed in order for you to understand what you can expect of us, and what we in turn expect from our customers. If you have any questions about these policies please contact us for additional clarification.
General
Kinetix Hosting is a branded service of JSW4.NET, with network facilities in Albany NY, and offices in West Lebanon NY. Kinetix Hosting provides web hosting, email service, and domain name service to small businesses that require professional hosting service. Supplemental services such as site development, Movable Type consulting are available separately, from JSW4.NET.
Privacy
Kinetix Hosting is committed to your on-line privacy. If you ever have any questions about the privacy of your information at Kinetix Hosting, please contact us.
We collect certain personal information from our customers, such as credit card numbers, in order to provide the hosting services. We use Authorize.Net® to process credit card transactions.
Your information is not disclosed to any other parties, except as required by law. The information is encrypted and stored on a private server, and is always encrypted via SSL on the network. When you are viewing or submitting information to us, the "lock" icon in your browser should appear in the secure mode, and you can verify our SSL certificate by right clicking and choosing "Properties" or "View Page Info" depending on your browser.
If you are unable to modify your account information for some reason using the control panel, you can contact us and we can help you to make whatever changes you need.
Our Mailing List and Your Address
We may ask for your email address on this site, in order to do business with you. We respect your business and will not put you on our mailing list, unless you ask, and we also will not sell that information to third parties.
Acceptable Use
Absolutely no SPAM. Unsolicited commercial email is SPAM, and we do not condone or permit it. No referring to web sites hosted here in SPAM sent through outside methods. Just forget it now. Build your own legitimate opt-in mailing list.
No adult content. We'll know it when we see it, and you know what we mean.
No illegal uses. No distribution of "warez" or any other material which violates the copyright of the authors. Examples include pirated software, certain MP3 files, or any other electronic stuff you do not own.
No cracking. No use of the service should deny any other user's access to the service. This includes running CGI or other scripts which utilize more than 10% of the available server or network resources. This also includes any attempts to launch attacks against other networks or computers.
Billing Policy
Our plans are available to businesses who wish to prepay by check or we are pleased to accept Visa, MasterCard, Discover, and American Express for your added convenience. Please contact us if you require additional information or if you have any questions about your billing.
All monthly accounts are billed at the beginning of the month for service that month. Any accounts that are unpaid or over balance after 5 business days will be restricted in the amount of traffic they can use, and after 15 days the web site[s] and email addresses will be temporarily suspended. After 30 days the account will be deleted.
Satisfaction Guarantee
We guarantee that you will be satisfied with the web hosting service we offer. We guarantee our network and web servers are up 99.99% of the time.
If you are not pleased with the service for any reason, you may cancel your account at any time. For monthly accounts we will refund the current month's fee to you, and for annual accounts we will calculate a prorated refund to the beginning of the current monthly period.
What does 99.99% mean?
If you cannot reach your servers, because of a failure of our network, our Internet connection or our servers lasting longer than 7 minutes, you may request a refund for that month's service.
Included agreements
The policies described here are specific to Kinetix Hosting. Over the years, the company that offers Kinetix Hosting service, JSW4.NET has developed terms and conditions under which we offer all our services. Those terms and conditions are included in this agreement by reference.
Uniform Domain Name Dispute Resolution Policy
ICANN'S (Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers) official Domain Name Dispute Resolution Policy can be viewed at http://www.jsw4.net/info/agreements/udrp.html.
Domain Registration Agreement
The official agreement regarding domain registration with OpenSRS can be viewed at http://www.jsw4.net/info/agreements/opensrs_contract_.html.
Questions about these Policies
Kinetix Hosting provides high quality business web hosting at fair prices. The policies listed here have been developed in order for you to understand what you can expect of us, and what we in turn expect from our customers. If after reading the policies, you have any questions about what is stated here please contact us for additional clarification.
Kinetix Service Logins
Sign Up Page
Contact us if you need help choosing a plan, selecting a domain name or signing up!
Control Panel
User ID:
Password:
Web Mail
mail@domain:
Password:
Recent Entries
Free typography resource
To follow up on the type articles posted earlier, the other day we noticed that Google is serving up a…
By John Walker | Comments (0)
New name server is up and serving
If you manage your own domain registration(s) for domains which are hosted at Kinetixhosting.com, you may wish to know that…
By John Walker | Comments (0)
Type on the web : more browsers support @font-face
Well designed type can add to the overall professionalism of your company's web site. Over the years, I have had…
By John Walker | Comments (0)
Links
Home
|  Policies
|  Domain names
|  Blog Hosting and Movable Type Support
Site developed by JSW4.NET, powered by Movable Type Pro 4.34-en which is a trademarked product of SixApart.
The KinetixHosting bean logo and the name are trademarks of JSW4.NET and may not be used without permission.