https://www.systemtools.com/privacy.htm
SystemTools Software Privacy Policy
Features
Hyena v14.2
New Features!
Why Upgrade?
Active Directory Management
Active Directory Bulk Editing
Active Directory Importing
Server Management
User Management
Service Monitoring and Control
Event Management
Job and Task Scheduling
Printer Management
Disk and File Administration
Exchange Administration
WMI / Inventory
Reporting and Exporting
Pricing
New Licenses
Upgrade Pricing
Purchasing
Download
Free Trial !
Buy / Pay Now
We take your privacy and the information that you share with us very seriously. The following policies are followed by us when handling personal and company information.
What information do we collect?
When registering (licensing) your software, placing an order, asking for support, or subscribing to our newsletter 'ToolNews', we collect certain information from you.
When ordering or registering/licensing our software, and requesting support, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, e-mail address, phone number, credit card information and company name. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
What do we use your information for?
To improve our website - We continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you.
To improve customer service and support - Your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs.
To process transactions - Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
To send special-purpose emails - The email address you provide for order processing or product downloading may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order or evaluation, and to notify you of available upgrades on any purchased license(s) at an appropriate future date.
To send our newsletter 'ToolNews' - If you elected to subscribe to our emailed newsletter 'ToolNews', the email address and other information (Company Name, your name) provided by you will be used in the mailings of our newsletter.
We only send this newsletter to anyone who indicates that they want to receive it, and only then if they confirm through our automated system that they want to receive it.
Each newsletter includes simple unsubscribe instructions.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your personal information.
We use
a secure server. All supplied
information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Database to be only accessed by those authorized with special access rights to our systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, your name and company name etc.) are not stored on our online (internet accessible) servers. We comply with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards (PCI-DSS) for securing payment transactions & protecting cardholders against misuse of their personal information.
Do we use cookies?
Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information
We use cookies through our usage of Google Analytics to compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We contract with Google, through their Google Analytics system, to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. Google is not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
Children's Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Children's Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
GDPR Compliance
Our software is not cloud-based or offered as a SaaS hosted service. As such, computer and Active Directory information managed by our software is not transmitted or forwarded
to our servers. In addition to the previously-identified personal information that is collected,
providing any personal indentifying information is optional, including when registering (licensing) our software, subscribing to our newsletter 'ToolNews', and when communicating with us either for placing an order or for support. The only information required by SystemTools Software for product purchasing and licensing is the name of the company. Furthermore, if desired, an anonymous email address may be used for all communications.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our online privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date below.
This policy was last modified on 3/3/2020.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
SystemTools Software Inc.
P.O. Box 1209
La Vernia, TX 78121
https://www.systemtools.com
support@systemtools.com
This policy is powered by Trust Guard, your PCI compliance authority.
SystemTools Software
13212 US Hwy 87 W
PO Box 1209
La Vernia, Texas 78121
sales@systemtools.com
Pricing & Licensing
Support Options
Free Utilities & DumpSec
"ToolNews" Newsletter
Community Forum
Privacy Policy
'Hyena' and 'SystemTools' are copyrights and trademarks of SystemTools Software Inc.
All other copyrights and trademarks are the property of their respective owners.