http://www.latista.com/legal/privacy/privacy-choices.html
Oracle and Textura
home
nav
Oracle
Close
Search
Search
Products
Resources
Support
Events
View AccountsSign In
Back
Oracle Account
Sign-In
Create an Account
Help
Sign Out
Cloud Account
Sign in to Cloud
Sign Up for Cloud Free Tier
No results found
Your search did not match any results.
We suggest you try the following to help find what you’re looking for:
Check the spelling of your keyword search.
Use synonyms for the keyword you typed, for example, try “application” instead of “software.”
Try one of the popular searches shown below.
Start a new search.
Trending Questions
Close
About Oracle
Strategic Acquisitions
Oracle and Textura
Oracle Buys Textura
Textura customer login
Textura Customer Login
TPM
Submittal Exchange
GradeBeam
PQM
Latista
Oracle Textura Payment ManagementLearn more
On April 28, 2016, Oracle announced that it has entered into a definitive agreement to acquire Textura, a leading provider of construction contracts and payment management cloud services. The transaction has closed.
Textura's cloud services process $3.4 billion in payments for over 6,000 projects each month, helping keep projects on time and under budget while reducing risk for developers, contractors and subcontractors. Textura offers its cloud services in a consumption model preferred by the engineering and construction industry whereby the companies involved pay based on project activity. Further, usage of Textura's cloud services creates a network effect that benefits all participants as more than 85,000 general and subcontractors are connected to the platform.
Oracle Primavera offers a complete suite of cloud solutions for project, cost, time and risk management. The Oracle Primavera flagship products have been completely re-architected for the Cloud, and the result is a set of cloud services that are growing rapidly as construction and engineering companies embrace digital transformation. Together, Oracle Primavera and Textura will form the Oracle Construction and Engineering Global Business Unit offering a comprehensive cloud-based project control and execution platform that manages all phases of engineering and construction projects.
Read the press release
Support for Textura Products
Customer Login
TPM
Submittal Exchange
GradeBeam
PQM
Textura Product Information
Oracle Textura Payment Management
Oracle Textura Pre-Qualification Management
Primavera Submittal Exchange
Textura Training Calendars
Information for Customers and Partners
Letter to Customers and Partners from Mike Sicilia, SVP and GM, Oracle Engineering and Construction GBU, outlining the benefits of the combination
Overview and Frequently Asked Questions (PDF)
Learn more about what the combination of Oracle and Textura will mean for our customers and partners (PDF)
Services and Sales
Textura customers and partners: Please use your existing contacts for client services, professional services and sales.
Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements
This document contains certain forward-looking statements about Oracle and Textura, including statements that involve risks and uncertainties concerning Oracle's acquisition of Textura, anticipated customer benefits and general business outlook. When used in this document, the words "anticipates", "can", "will", "look forward to", "expected" and similar expressions and any other statements that are not historical facts are intended to identify those assertions as forward-looking statements. Any such statement may be influenced by a variety of factors, many of which are beyond the control of Oracle or Textura, that could cause actual outcomes and results to be materially different from those projected, described, expressed or implied in this document due to a number of risks and uncertainties. Potential risks and uncertainties include, among others, the anticipated synergies of the combined companies may not be achieved after closing, the combined operations may not be successfully integrated in a timely manner, if at all, general economic conditions in regions in which either company does business, and the possibility that Oracle or Textura may be adversely affected by other economic, business, and/or competitive factors. Accordingly, no assurances can be given that any of the events anticipated by the forward-looking statements will transpire or occur, or if any of them do so, what impact they will have on the results of operations or financial condition of Oracle or Textura.
In addition, please refer to the documents that Oracle and Textura, respectively, file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") on Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K. These filings identify and address other important factors that could cause Oracle's and Textura's respective operational and other results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements set forth in this document. You are cautioned to not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this document. Neither Oracle nor Textura is under any duty to update any of the information in this document.
Oracle is currently reviewing the existing Textura product roadmap and will be providing guidance to customers in accordance with Oracle's standard product communication policies. Any resulting features and timing of release of such features as determined by Oracle's review of Textura's product roadmap are at the sole discretion of Oracle. All product roadmap information, whether communicated by Textura or by Oracle, does not represent a commitment to deliver any material, code, or functionality, and should not be relied upon in making purchasing decision. It is intended for information purposes only, and may not be incorporated into any contract.
Additional Information about the Acquisition and Where to Find It
In connection with the proposed acquisition, Oracle will commence a tender offer for the outstanding shares of Textura. The tender offer has not yet commenced. This document is for informational purposes only and is neither an offer to purchase nor a solicitation of an offer to sell shares of Textura, nor is it a substitute for the tender offer materials that Oracle and its acquisition subsidiary will file with the SEC upon commencement of the tender offer. At the time the tender is commenced, Oracle and its acquisition subsidiary will file tender offer materials on Schedule TO, and Textura will file a Solicitation/Recommendation Statement on Schedule 14D-9 with the SEC with respect to the tender offer. The tender offer materials (including an Offer to Purchase, a related Letter of Transmittal and certain other tender offer documents) and the Solicitation/Recommendation Statement will contain important information. Holders of shares of Textura are urged to read these documents when they become available because they will contain important information that holders of Textura securities should consider before making any decision regarding tendering their securities. The Offer to Purchase, the related Letter of Transmittal and certain other tender offer documents, as well as the Solicitation/Recommendation Statement, will be made available to all holders of shares of Textura at no expense to them. The tender offer materials and the Solicitation/Recommendation Statement will be made available for free at the SEC's web site at www.sec.gov.
In addition to the Offer to Purchase, the related Letter of Transmittal and certain other tender offer documents, as well as the Solicitation/Recommendation Statement, Oracle and Textura file annual, quarterly and special reports and other information with the SEC. You may read and copy any reports or other information filed by Oracle or Textura at the SEC public reference room at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. Please call the Commission at 1-800-SEC-0330 for further information on the public reference room. Oracle's and Textura's filings with the SEC are also available to the public from commercial document-retrieval services and at the website maintained by the SEC at http://www.sec.gov.
Learn More
See all acquisitions
Sign In
Social
Textura Customer Login
TPM
Submittal Exchange
GradeBeam
PQM
Performance Tracker
Follow Oracle
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Youtube
Oracle Social Media Directory
Oracle RSS Directory
Resources for
Developers
Startups
Students and Educators
Partners
Oracle PartnerNetwork
Find a Partner
Log in to OPN
Solutions
Artificial Intelligence
Internet of Things
Blockchain
What’s New
How we’re taking on COVID-19
Java SE Downloads
Try Oracle Cloud Free Tier
Contact Us
US Sales: +1.800.633.0738
How can we help?
Subscribe to emails
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
YouTube
Oracle
Integrated Cloud Applications & Platform Services
© 2020 Oracle
Site Map
Privacy/Do Not Sell My Info
Country/Region
Ad Choices
Careers