http://www.pjweb.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Go
01204 328580
Home Portfolio About Us Case Studies Contact PJ Blog
Close
Web DevelopmentBack Office SystemsClaims Management Systems
You are here: Home > Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
PJ Web Solutions Ltd is committed to protecting your privacy. The personal information that you submit will not be shared, sold or disclosed to third parties in any form, for any purpose, at any time, unless prior consent is obtained from you.
This privacy statement applies to the network of PJ Web Solutions Ltd web sites. By using any PJ Web Solutions Ltd web site, you consent to the data practices in this statement.
Topics:
What information do we collect about you?
Lawful basis for processing your data and how we will use the information about you
Marketing
Access to your information and correction
Cookies
Other websites
Data controller
Changes to our privacy policy
How to contact us
What Information Do We Collect?
When you place an order or an enquiry, we will need to know your name / company name, e-mail address, address, telephone and / or fax number. This enables us to process and fulfil your orders, invoice you accordingly and keep you posted with account activity.
Information about how you use and navigate our web site - we can track this by using what are known as 'cookies'.
Additional personal information disclosed during telephone conversations may be merged with personal information you have already submitted online and will only be used in accordance with this Privacy Statement.  We also record telephone conversations, inbound and outbound. The information will not be kept any longer than is required by law.  Information is stored securely.  Any changes to the way it is stored will be subject to a Privacy Impact Assessment. Website usage information is collected using cookies.
Lawful Basis for Processing Your Data
PJ Web Solutions Ltd uses company information to process and fulfil the service(s) that you have requested.
There is a legitimate and contractual reason to process your data.
Any personal information provided enables us to treat you more personally.
The company information is also used to communicate with you regarding your account and to broadcast information relevant to the services you use.
We use your email address to respond to incoming requests from you and to collect your feedback.
Marketing
We will only use your information for marketing purposes if you consent for us to do this.  You may unsubscribe from any marketing communications at any time by clicking the "unsubscribe" button contained within the email.
Access to your information and correction
You have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you. If you would like a copy of some, or all, of your information in a machine-readable format, please email or write to us at the address at the foot of this page.
We may make a small charge for this service, however in most cases this service is free of charge.
We want to make sure that your personal information is accurate and up to date. You may ask us to correct or remove information you think is inaccurate.
Cookies
In order to measure the relevance and usefulness of certain areas of our web site, we analyse anonymous data collected by cookies about our web site visitors. We may also collect Internet Protocol addresses to help diagnose problems with our servers, but these cannot be linked to any person's name or identity.
Changing your browser settings to decline cookies will enable you to opt out of this anonymous data collection.  However, in a few cases some of our website features may not function as a result.
Other Websites
Our website contains links to other websites.  This privacy policy only applies to websites and portals provided by PJ Web Solutions Ltd, including but not limited to Metrixsystems.co.uk, Building Validation Solutions Ltd, BVS Subsidence Ltd and Verso Damage Management Solutions Ltd.  If you link to an external website, you should read their own privacy policy.
Data Controller
Any personal information provided to PJ Web Solutions Ltd is controlled by the Data Controller at PJ Web Solutions Ltd, Waters Meeting House, 1 Waters Meeting Road, Bolton, BL1 8HQ.
Changes to our privacy policy
We keep our privacy policy under regular review and we will place any updates on this web page.  This privacy policy was last updated on 23 January 2020.
How to contact us
Please contact us if you have any questions or complaint about our privacy policy or information we hold about you:
By email: hello@pjweb.co.uk
Or write to us at:  The Data Protection Officer, PJ Web Solutions Ltd, Waters Meeting House, 1 Waters Meeting Road, Bolton, BL1 8HQ
Certificate Number 14797-ISN – 003
ISO 27001
Contact us
I consent to PJ Web Solutions Ltd collecting and storing my data from this form.
Contact Us
Call: 01204 328580
Email:
Waters Meeting House
1 Waters Meeting Road
Bolton
BL1 8HQ
Follow Us
Mailing List
Sign up if you would like to receive occasional updates from us.
Legal Stuff
PJ Web Solutions Ltd is a company registered in England and Wales with company number 4100402. Registered office address: Waters Meeting House, 1 Waters Meeting Road, Bolton. BL1 8HQ. VAT registration number 328 1867 81.
About Us Contact Cookie Policy Privacy Policy Site Map
© PJ Web Solutions Ltd 2020. All rights reserved.
XWe use cookies to make sure you get the best experience possible whenever you visit. That's why all our Cookies are turned on. To keep everything just the way it is simply close this notification.Otherwise read about our cookies and how to manage them