http://www.criterion508.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Updated: June 2020This Privacy Policy describes how Criterion 508 Solutions, Inc. treats personal information collected from you on our website. We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time. Changes and clarifications will take effect immediately upon their posting to our website.
SECTION 1 – INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We collect information from and about you when you register and/or utilize our website.
You may provide us with personal information, including but not limited to, the following:
Your internet protocol (I.P.) address.
Your location information, i.e., City/State you are located in.
Mobile device IDs.
Cookie session IDs.
The page(s) you visited.
Features you used/searched for.
What web browser you used during your visit.
What operating system you use.
The link that referred/brought you to our website.
SECTION 2 – WHAT WE DO WITH YOUR INFORMATION
When you make a purchase from or utilize our website, we collect the personal information you give us, as described above.We use this information for internal purposes such as evaluating, operating, and improving our website, protecting against and preventing data breaches and fraud, complying with legal requirements, etc. Additionally, we may also use the collected information in conjunction with third parties that provide us with additional services, as described below. However, e-mail addresses will not be sold, rented, or leased to third parties.E-mail marketing: With your permission, we may send you e-mails about our promotions and other updates.  E-mails received from Criterion 508 Solutions, Inc., may be distributed by us, or our third-party marketing providers.
SECTION 3 – CONSENT
How do you get my consent?When you provide us with personal information to complete a transaction, utilize our software, utilize our services, verify your payment information, place an order, etc., we imply that you consent to our collecting your data and using it for the specific reason outlined above.If we ask for your personal information for a secondary reason, like marketing, we will either ask you directly for your expressed consent or provide you with an opportunity to say no.How do I withdraw my consent?You may withdraw your consent for us to contact you, for the continued collection, use, or disclosure of your information, at any time, by contacting us at 1-888-508-3973.
SECTION 4 – DISCLOSURE
We may disclose your personal information if we are required by law to do so, or if you violate our SaaS Subscription Agreement or Terms of Use, which may be reviewed at: Terms of Use.
SECTION 5 – THIRD PARTIES POLICIES
Our website is hosted by Network Solutions hosting services. Additionally, our course ware is hosted by TalentLMS, and both are provided as services to our customers. These companies are separate entities from our company. Accordingly, they have their own privacy policies and procedures, which can be found at their respective links below.Rackspace Privacy Policy Talent LMS Privacy Policy
SECTION 6 – THIRD-PARTY SERVICES
In general, the third-party providers used by us will only collect, use, and disclose your information to the extent necessary to allow them to perform the services they provide to us.However, as stated above, third-party service providers, such as payment gateways and host providers, have their own privacy policies with respect to the information we are required to provide to them for your service and purchase-related transactions.We strongly recommend that you read their privacy policies so you can understand the manner in which your personal information will be handled by these providers.Remember that certain providers may be located in or have facilities that are located in a different jurisdiction than either you or us. If you elect to proceed with a transaction that involves the services of a third-party service provider, then your information may become subject to the laws of the jurisdiction(s) in which that service provider or its facilities are located.As an example, if you are in Canada, and your transaction is processed by a payment gateway located in the United States, then your personal information used in completing that transaction may be subject to disclosure under United States legislation, including the Patriot Act.Once you leave our website or are redirected to a third-party website or application, you are no longer governed by this Privacy Policy.Links: When you click on links on our website, they may direct you away from our website. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites and encourage you to read their privacy statements. Some of our services contain integration with other services, such as TalentLMS, Google, LinkedIn, Twitter, Facebook, and other services and platforms whose information practices may be different from ours. You should consult these other services’ privacy policies as we have no control over information that is submitted to, or collected by, these third parties.Do Not Track Signals: We do not process or respond to “Do Not Track” signals from your browser or other mechanisms that enable consumer choice regarding the collection of personal information about one’s online activities over time and across third-party websites or online services.
SECTION 7 – NOTICE TO CALIFORNIA CUSTOMERS
Subject to the limitations under California Civil Code § 1798.83, if you are a California resident and have an established business relationship with us, you may ask us to provide you with a list of certain categories of personal information that we have disclosed to third parties for their direct marketing purposes during the immediately preceding calendar year. You may also request the identity of certain third parties that received your personal information from us for their direct marketing purposes during the immediately preceding calendar year. You may make a request as described herein above once a year.
To make such a request, you can email us or write to us at the address below. Please mention in your communication that you are making a “California Shine the Light” inquiry. We will respond within thirty (30) days.
SECTION 8 – PROTECTING YOUR INFORMATION
We follow usual and customary industry practices to protect your personal information as well as to make sure it is not inappropriately lost, misused, accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed.If you provide us with your credit card information, the information is encrypted by our e-commerce provider.  Although no method of transmission over the Internet or electronic storage is 100% secure, our e-commerce provider is PCI-DSS Level certified and follows all such requirements and implements usual and customary industry standards.
SECTION 9 – COOKIES
Please be advised that we use cookies to collect general information about your visit, which will be retained and used by us, including but not limited to our parent and wholly-owned affiliate entities.  By using our website, you expressly consent to the use and collection by our company of this information.  To withdraw your consent after accepting the cookies, delete them from your browser.  For more information on cookies and deletion of cookies, please visit: All About Cookies (Opens in new window)You can stop cookies from being deployed on your computer by configuring your browser not to accept them.  Please refer to your browser’s help section for more information.  Be aware that deleting and/or blocking certain cookies can disrupt normal website and/or service functionality.
SECTION 10 – AGE OF CONSENT
By using this site, you represent that you are at least the age of majority in your state or province of residence, or that you are the age of majority in your state or province of residence, and you have given us your consent to allow any of your minor dependents to use this site.
SECTION 11 – CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time, so please review it frequently. Changes and clarifications will take effect immediately upon their posting on the website. If we make material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you here that it has been updated so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we use and/or disclose it.
If our company is acquired or merged with another company, your information may be transferred to the new owners.
SECTION 12 – ONLINE POLICY ONLY
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
QUESTIONS AND CONTACT INFORMATION
If you would like to: access, correct, amend, or delete any personal information we have about you, register a complaint, or simply want more information, contact us at:
Criterion 508 Solutions, Inc.
The HUB Tower
699 Walnut St., Suite 400-611
Des Moines, IA 50309-3962
Phone: (888) 508-3973
Copyright © 2020 Criterion 508 Solutions, Inc. All rights reserved.
Request a FREE Consultation
All Fields Required
Name
Email
Company
How can we help you?
Submit
© 2020 Criterion 508 Solutions, Inc. All rights reserved.