http://www.abelssoft.de/en/windows/security-privacy/gclean
Abelssoft Products
System Utilities Security & Privacy Multimedia Helpers Hobbies & Home
Mac Mobile
Product Categories
System Utilities Security & Privacy Multimedia Helpers Hobbies & Home
GClean
Prevents Data Traffic Turns off the data traffic features of various Google applications.
Deletes Traces Deletes traces of Google applications on your computer.
Automatic Trace Watcher Automatic check for application traces and automatic cleanup.
Price: $14.90 Buy now for $14.90
Download trial version
Immediate use after purchase
Windows 10, Windows 8.1, Windows 8, Windows 7
Version: 2021 (v2021.221)
Product Information Screenshots Your Advantages Awards Customer testimonials
Uncomfortable with Google knowing everything about you? This tool is the answer!
Plugs data leaks Mostly, unwanted data traffic can't be turned off manually. GClean stops Google's unwelcome data usage.
Remove unwanted content from Google Search With the new
Delete traces Find and delete flash cookies, form data, surfing traces and data garbage of Google applications.
Protect your computer automatically The G-Radar permanently looks out for Google traces and data garbage on your computer.
Take control about what Google knows about you! Today Google kwows everything about you. Stop this!
Supported Google applications GClean supports Google web applications (Web Search, Mail, Maps, etc.), YouTube, Google Chrome, Google Analytics Tracking (implemented in many websites), Google Toolbar, Google Desktop Search, Google Earth, Google Updater and Google Picasa.
Ready for Windows 10 This application has been already optimized for Windows 10. This means for you: You don't have to care which Windows operating system you have installed, you can buy this application today and even when you are switching to Windows 10 you can continue using this application without problems.
Your advantages in the full version
Unlimited usage It's yours
We're there for you Free email support
Don't miss out 6 months of free updates and new versions
Buy now for $14.90
Limitations in the trial version Limited 30-day trial period, Dialog requesting purchase with each program start
Screenshots Using the software.
GClean Because your data is yours alone
The modern digital world of convenience and instant conveyance has one slight flaw. Anybody who utilizes ostensibly free services like Google’s search, Google Chrome, YouTube, Picasa or Google Earth pays with a small piece of themselves. This is done through the collection and utilization of user profiles and user cookies. They store information of various kinds, allowing Google to produce perfectly tailored advertisements and search results.
Many people no longer want, understandably, any of their information to be transmitted to third-parties. The answer: Abelssoft’s GClean. It targets and governs this flow of information that otherwise accumulates in massive data centers cataloging millions of users. GClean searches the user’s entire computer for existing Google software, then allows the cessation of all personal data transmission with a single mouse click.
GClean detects services like Google Search, Google Mail, Google Maps, YouTube, Chrome, Google Analytics, Google Toolbar, Google Desktop Search, Google Earth, Google Updater and Google Picasa. In particular, for Google Chrome, it’s possible to delete the browsing history, clear the download list, remove all cookies, clear the cache, clear saved form data, and forget saved passwords.
The G-Radar feature prevents future information collection attempts, and sounds an alarm when a Google service tries to save a new cookie. If you ever wondered how to avoid Google to collect your data, this issue is also solved by GClean. Besides all features that block data traffic, the software also includes an information removal request. G-Radar has a browser check, which checks after every surfing whether something has changed secretly in the browser settings.
GClean supports the latest browser and Google service versions, ensuring optimal performance thereon. Additionally, the application has received a completely new interface; it is more modern, more simple to understand, and more intuitive to use.
The most important new feature: GClean offers the capacity to request the removal of a user’s webpages from Google’s search index. There are some things that people don’t want to appear on search results - social media profiles, personal photo albums, etc. GClean makes that preference heard. GClean is compatible with Windows 7,
Windows 8, WIndows 8.1 and Windows 10.
GClean currently supports the following browsers: Google Chrome, Microsoft Internet Explorer, Microsoft Edge, Mozilla Firefox, Opera, Apple Safari and t-online.de Browser.
Awards What the press is saying.
PHP-NUKE / 09.03.2020 GClean is without a doubt one of the most useful tools to keep your computer clean of the bombing of unwanted content...
continue reading…
Customer testimonials – This is what our customers have to say.
If you’d prefer to keep your browsing habits to yourself, you should put a barrier between you and Google. And that’s what GClean does best! DerKaiser
GClean is the bomb stop this corporation from collecting your data. 5 stars
J. Halka
GClean is THE BEST!!! Felix Movsesjan
It's fantastic that GClean can make me and my name google-clean! ;-) Hey guys, come on. Help me to delete all the negative stuff in the web related to me. Ricky
GClean is an affirmitive step in addressing the problem of profiling computer users. FreakBoy
This is a well conceived and crafted program which targets the packets of information generated and sent to Google upon using their products. Henry Williams
Price: $14.90
Buy now for $14.90
Download trial version
Immediate use after purchase
Windows 10, Windows 8.1, Windows 8, Windows 7
Version: 2021 (v2021.221)
Still Not Convinced?
Most of our customers enjoy the following perks
6 Months of Free Updates
Instant Downloads After Purchasing
Free Software Support from one of our Technical Specialists
Save your shopping cart