http://www.blizzardinternet.com/privacy-policy/
You are here: Home1 / Privacy PolicyWhat Information Do We Collect?We collect information from you when you fill out a form on our website.When you fill out a form, you may be asked to enter your: name, email address, mailing address, or phone number.Customer Email Lists: Collection, Usage and Preference Options
By supplying us with your email address (while interacting with us, subscribing to our newsletter, or during an event, etc.), we will use that email address for marketing solicitations and ads. You can opt-out of these electronic communications at any time by following the instructions in our emails or by contacting us.
What Do We Use Your Information For? Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:– To improve our website – To improve customer service – To occasionally show you remarketing, display, search or other ads in various advertising platformsYour information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.– To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature – To send periodic emailsWhen you become a client, the email address you provide may be used to send you information and updates, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related product or service information.Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.How do we protect your information?We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your personal information.Do We Use Cookies?Yes (cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.We use cookies to understand and save your preferences for future visits, keep track of advertisements and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business. Third-party service providers may use cookies, web beacons, and similar technologies to collect or receive information from your website and elsewhere on the internet and use that information to provide measurement services and target ads.You may opt out of Google’s use of cookies by visiting the Google Advertising Opt-out Page. You may opt out of Google Analytics by visiting the Google Analytics Opt-out Page. You may opt out of third party vendor use of cookies by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative Opt-out Page at http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/ or the Digital Advertising Alliance Consumer Choice page at www.aboutads.info/choices. If the advertiser is not listed on that website, please contact us at the address below in order to opt-out.For further information regarding Google’s privacy practices, please visit http://www.google.com/privacypolicy.html.Online Behavioral AdvertisingBlizzard uses third party vendors to display relevant ads on sites throughout the internet. Many times these third party vendors use cookies to serve ads based on your interaction with us. For more information on how Online Behavioral Advertising works, please visit www.aboutads.info/consumers. Users may opt out of some, many, or all Online Behavioral Advertising targeting by visiting either or both of the following sites: networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out… and/or aboutads.info/choices. Do We Disclose Any Information To Outside Parties?We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.Third Party LinksOccasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.California Online Privacy Protection Act ComplianceBecause we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act ComplianceWe are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.Your ConsentBy using our site, you consent to our website’s privacy policy.Changes to our Privacy PolicyIf we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.Contacting UsIf there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.Blizzard Internet Marketing, Inc. www.BlizzardInternet.com 1001 Grand Ave., Suite 005 Glenwood Springs, Colorado 81601 United States info@BlizzardInternet.com 970-928-7875Web Design ServicesHostingBlizzard News The RedAwning Book Direct Solution January 9, 2020 Prepare Now for the Season of Pre-Holiday Sales September 26, 2019 Facebook Custom Audiences August 31, 2019 How to Assess Existing Website Content for Improved SEO June 28, 2019 What is Page & Website Speed Optimization? June 3, 2019
Contact Us TodayBlizzard Internet Marketing | Beyond Pricing 425 2nd Street, Suite 602 San Francisco, CA 94107 Technical Support
Scroll to topThis site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.Learn MoreOKCookie and Privacy SettingsHow we use cookiesWe may request cookies to be set on your device. We use cookies to let us know when you visit our websites, how you interact with us, to enrich your user experience, and to customize your relationship with our website.Click on the different category headings to find out more. You can also change some of your preferences. Note that blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience on our websites and the services we are able to offer.Essential Website CookiesThese cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our website and to use some of its features.Because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the website, you cannot refuse them without impacting how our site functions. You can block or delete them by changing your browser settings and force blocking all cookies on this website.Google Analytics CookiesThese cookies collect information that is used either in aggregate form to help us understand how our website is being used or how effective our marketing campaigns are, or to help us customize our website and application for you in order to enhance your experience.If you do not want that we track your visist to our site you can disable tracking in your browser here:Click to enable/disable Google Analytics tracking.Other external servicesWe also use different external services like Google Webfonts, Google Maps and external Video providers. Since these providers may collect personal data like your IP address we allow you to block them here. Please be aware that this might heavily reduce the functionality and appearance of our site. Changes will take effect once you reload the page.Google Webfont Settings:Click to enable/disable Google Webfonts.Google Map Settings:Click to enable/disable Google Maps.Vimeo and Youtube video embeds:Click to enable/disable video embeds.Privacy PolicyYou can read about our cookies and privacy settings in detail on our Privacy Policy Page. Privacy PolicyAccept settingsHide notification onlyCheck to enable permanent hiding of message bar and refuse all cookies if you do not opt in. We need 2 cookies to store this setting. Otherwise you will be prompted again when opening a new browser window or new a tab.Click to enable/disable essential site cookies.