https://www.pivotpointsecurity.com/blog/looking-to-capitalize-or-sell-your-saas-business-get-out-in-front-of-data-privacy-issues-now/
Social Menu
Social Menu
Social Menu
Social Menu
Search
Services
CMMC Preparation
CMMC Compliance Services
ISO 27001
ISO 27001 Certification
ISO 27001 Maintenance
ISO 27017 – Cloud Security for CSP’s
ISO 27018 – Data Privacy for CSP’s
ISO 27701 – Data Privacy Management System
SOC 2 Readiness
Virtual CISO (vCISO)
IoT Security
IoT Security Consulting & Assessments
Network Security
CREST Network Penetration Test
Vulnerability Assessment
Penetration Test
Architecture Review
Application Security
Penetration Test
API Penetration Testing
Architecture Review & Threat Assessment
Vendor Due Diligence
Accelerated Vendor Due Diligence
Third Party Risk Management
SaaS Security
Business Continuity
Blockchain Security
Compliance
CMMC
CMMC Compliance Services
CCPA
SOC 2
CIS CSC
PCI
FedRAMP
NYDFS
GDPR
HIPAA
HITRUST
Industries
Legal
Financial
Government
Healthcare
More Industries
Resources
ISO 27001 Resources
ISO 27001 Audit & Cost Guide
ISO 27001 Checklist
ISO 27001 Cost Blog
ISO 27001 : Recipe & Ingredients for Certification
ISO 27001 Roadmap
ISO 27701 Cost
CCPA
CCPA Compliance Roadmap
CMMC
CMMC Certification Guide
CMMC C3PAO FAQs
CMMC Capabilities
CMMC Cost
CMMC Gap Analysis FAQs
CMMC Marketplace FAQs
SSP for CMMC
vCISO
vCISO Cost
FedRAMP
FedRAMP Cost
Third Party Risk Management
VRM Best Practice Guide for Small to Medium Businesses
Application Security
Ready for a Pen Test? Infographic
Business Continuity
BCP Table Top Exercise Template
About Us
Locations
Client Satisfaction
Giving Back
Jobs
Working at Pivot Point Security
PPS Partners
Our Stance on Inclusivity
The Virtual CISO Podcast
Blog
Contact Us
1-888-PIVOT-POINT1-888-748-6876
info@pivotpointsecurity.com
Talk with an Expert
1-888-PIVOT-POINT | 1-888-748-6876
info@pivotpointsecurity.com
Get Your Information Security Questions Answered
Access The Latest Episodes from The Virtual CISO Podcast
Looking to Capitalize or Sell Your SaaS Business? Get Out in Front of Data Privacy Issues Now
by Jeremy Sporn | Sep 21, 2020 | ISMS Consulting
Reading Time: 3 minutes
One of the biggest factors impacting how venture capital and private equity funds view a target company is whether it has the right information security and data privacy infrastructure and processes in place to support strong growth and minimize investor risk. Investors want to see their money used to grow the business, not to bring a business up to speed to serve the market.
According to Jesse Nash, a partner at leading VC law firm Reitler Kailas & Rosenblatt LLC and our guest on The Virtual CISO Podcast, this is why…
SaaS firms absolutely must be proactive about addressing compliance with applicable US state and international privacy mandates like CCPA and GDPR.
As Jesse notes, regarding CCPA: “… That can have a massive operational limitation on a B2B SaaS company. So now I need to go identify this particular personal information and be able to delete it and be able to verify that we’ve done so.”
Podcast host John Verry, Pivot Point Security’s CISO and Managing Partner, echoes that point: “It’s a staggering requirement for most organizations because this idea of personal information, in the old days was a privileged identifier—a credit card number, a checking account number, a medical number. Nowadays, personal information is your dog’s name, your sexual orientation, your political party, your IP address, your email address… Everything is personal; anything that can be used to reasonably infer a person or their household.”
John continues: “Technically if you want to get to GDPR or CCPA conformance, you literally need to know all of those individual data elements and sub-elements. You need to know what processing activities act on them. So, during a job interview or the recruiting process or employee onboarding, or a deliverable of client matters, which pieces come in? Which services that you perform as a law firm, for example, actually act on that data? Which one of your assets, whether it’s email, SharePoint, Dropbox, your document management system… where might that data end up? … Proving that you’re doing what you said you were doing with the data and/or delete the data, it’s incredibly difficult.”
“That’s the key point that I think a lot of companies are scrambling to,” Jesse replies. “Back before these data regulation regimes came online, having tons of data was a good thing. A lot of companies were forming whole business models around incidental accumulations of data. … It’s almost like now data is a little bit of a hot potato, right? It’s almost like a ticking time bomb and having more of it on your systems inherently increases your risk.”
Every day businesses are generating more data and accumulating more data, while facing escalating data security and privacy risk. For example, both John and Jesse point out how AI/machine learning systems can create incredibly gnarly privacy issues when it comes to something like a Data Subject Access Request (DSAR).
This is why SaaS companies need a provably robust cybersecurity infrastructure that investors, regulators and clients can all believe in.
If you work for a SaaS provider or are looking to own or invest in a SaaS business, you need to listen to this podcast with Jesse Nash in its entirety. You can find it here.
If you don’t use Apple Podcasts, click here.
Trackbacks/Pingbacks
Looking to Capitalize or Sell Your SaaS Business? Get Out in Front of Data Privacy Issues Now | Phishing.ws - […] post Looking to Capitalize or Sell Your SaaS Business? Get Out in Front of Data Privacy Issues Now appeared…
Submit a Comment Cancel replyYour email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *Comment Name *
Email *
Website
RSS Feed
Free Downloads
ISO 27001 Roadmap
ISO 27001 Cost Guide
vCISO Roadmap
View All »
Filter Articles By TagsApplication
application security testing
ASVS
business continuity planning
CCPA
CMMC
compliance
cyber attacks
cybersecurity
Data Breach
data privacy
Disaster Recovery
disaster recovery plan
Financial
GDPR
hackers
information security
information security risk
infosec
ISMS
ISO 27001
ISO 27001 audit
ISO 27002
Law
Legal
municipal government
NIST
OWASP
OWASP ASVS
Passwords
Penetration Test
Phishing
regulation
Risk Assessment
Risk Management
SCA
security awareness education
security awareness training
SIEM
SOC 2
Social Engineering
The Virtual CISO Podcast
tprm
vCISO
Vendor Risk Management
Blog CategoriesISO 27001 Certification
ISMS Consulting
InfoSec Risk Assessment
Penetration Testing
Ethical Hacking
Business Continuity Management
FedRamp
Disaster Recovery