https://www.intelex.ca/privacy-security.html
Intelex Corporation does not share information with other companies other than its own associates, and does not sell its user information.
Any personal information we collect may be used for such purposes as processing transactions, customer service, marketing, product and service development, dissemination of investor information, recruiting and facilitating subsequent use of this Web site.
Unless you opt out of receiving promotional materials, we may from time to time notify you of special promotions, new products or services, or other information that may interest you.
We explicitly reserve the right to disclose any such personal information if required to do so by law, or in the good faith belief that such action is reasonably necessary to comply with legal process, respond to claims, or protect the rights, property or safety of our company, employees, customers, or the public.
Intelex Corporation reserves the right to change the terms of its privacy policy at any time. If we do change this privacy policy, we will post the changes on this Web site. We encourage you to review this privacy policy each time you visit our Web site to make sure you understand our current policy on collecting and using information collected through our Web site.
Security Policy
This Acceptable Use Policy specifies certain actions prohibited by Intelex Corporation for users of the Intelex Corporation hosting services. Intelex Corporation reserves the right to modify this Policy at any time to stay in compliance with any laws, regulations and security requirements. By using Intelex Corporation hosting services, any customer, employee or third party unconditionally accepts the terms of this policy.
Illegal use
Intelex Corporation hosting services may be used only for lawful purposes. Transmission, distribution or storage of any material in violation of any applicable law or regulation coming to or from any unauthorized network or system is prohibited. This includes, without limitation, material protected by copyright, trademark, trade secret or other intellectual property rights used without proper authorization; government and military data protected by law and national security; university and academic data protected by public policy; and material that is obscene, defamatory, constitutes an illegal threat, or violates export control laws. Any violation of the above which compromises the integrity of Intelex Corporation hosting services or any other network is strictly prohibited.
Network and machine resources
Intelex Corporation reserves the right to monitor and allocate network and machine resources. Intelex Corporation reserves the right to discontinue any script which may cause excessive server load.
System and network security
Violations of system or network security are prohibited, and may result in criminal and civil liability. Intelex Corporation will investigate incidents involving such violations and may involve and cooperate with law enforcement authorities if a criminal violation is suspected.
Intelex Corporation respects the privacy of customer data and vigilantly protects that data and ALL customers who host with Intelex Corporation. If any violation of the law or this security policy is suspected, Intelex Corporation reserves the right to investigate. Use of Intelex Corporation hosting services constitutes consent to monitoring. Examples of unlawful acts, system, or network security violations include, without limitation, the following:
Unauthorized access to or use of data, systems or networks, including any attempt to probe, damage, scan or test the vulnerability of a system or network or to breach security or authentication measures without express authorization of the owner of the system or network.
Unauthorized monitoring of data or traffic on any network or system without express authorization of the owner of the system or network. Interference with service to any user, host or network including, without limitation, mail bombing, flooding, deliberate attempts to overload a system and broadcast attacks.
Unauthorized access to any data, system, or network from an unauthorized system or network for any purpose which is not lawful or which is intended to do harm. Forging of any TCP-IP packet header or any part of the header information in an email or a newsgroup posting. Electronic forging of any kind to include but not limited to IP addresses, domains, business names, etc.
Email
Sending unsolicited mail messages, including, without limitation, commercial advertising and informational announcements, is explicitly prohibited. A user shall not use another site's mail server to relay mail without the express permission of the site owner.
Usenet
Posting the same or similar message to one or more newsgroups (excessive cross-posting or multiple-posting, also known as "SPAM") is expressly prohibited.
INDIRECT OR ATTEMPTED VIOLATIONS OF THE POLICY, AND ACTUAL OR ATTEMPTED VIOLATIONS BY A THIRD PARTY ON BEHALF OF INTELEX CORPORATION CUSTOMER OR A CUSTOMER'S END USER, SHALL BE CONSIDERED VIOLATIONS OF THE POLICY BY SUCH CUSTOMER OR END USER.
For Example:
If you are hosting a bulk email site on Intelex Corporation servers and you use another ISP to SPAM from in order to reference your Intelex Corporation site by IP address or domain name, you are violating Intelex Corporation policy and possibly the law.
If you have been granted telnet access to Intelex Corporation servers, multiple telnet log-ons are strictly prohibited and you must come from a valid IP address. Forgery is against the law.
Any type of denial of service attack from valid or invalid addresses is a violation of Intelex Corporation security policy and against the law.
If you have been granted password privileges for FTP or telnet, sharing your password with an unauthorized user or third party is strictly prohibited.
Complaints regarding illegal Use or System or Network Security issues should be sent to us by email.
Intelex Corporation will also not tolerate any spamming this infringement shall result in immediate termination and removal of the site without a refund.
Intelex Corporation prides itself as a responsible member of the Internet community and is committed to protecting the data of and providing quality service to all Intelex Corporation customers all of the time.