http://www.opussolutions.com/privacy-notice.html
ISO 9001:2008 and AS9100D certified
Home|
News|
Sign In|
About Us|
FAQ|
Support|
Contact
View Cart | Checkout
Latest News
New Products: DCX4.0 / DCX4.4 / Linear LED Light Fixture
Eliminate Power Dropouts with UPS 16
Opus Solutions.com
Privacy Notice
Privacy at opussolutions.com In general, when you visit our web site and access information you remain anonymous. Before we ask you for information, we will explain how this information will be used. We will not provide any of your personal information to other companies or individuals without your permission. There are occasions where we will ask for additional information. The reason that we do this is to be able to better understand your needs, and provide you with services that we believe may be valuable to you.
Some areas of our site require registration to access, although typically all that’s requested is an e-mail address and some basic information about you, such as company or how to contact you. Whenever you give us information, you can elect not to receive any materials from us. We only use your personal information for specific purposesThe information you provided will be kept confidential and used to support your customer relationship with Opus Solutions Inc. Among other things, we want to help you quickly find information on our web site and alert you to product changes, special offers, special campaigns and events, updated information, other new products and services from Opus Solutions Inc. You can "unsubscribe" from our mailing list at any timeWe will send you information about our various products and services, or other products and services we feel may be of interest to you. Only Opus Solutions Inc. will send you these direct mailings. If you do not want to receive such mailings, simply tell us at the time you give us your personal information.
Security Policy The importance of security for all personally identifiable information associated with our guests is of utmost concern to us. Only those employees who need access to your information in order to do their jobs are allowed access. Any employee who violates our privacy and/or security policies is subject to disciplinary action, including possible termination and civil and/or
criminal prosecution.
Links to Other Sites Third party Internet sites and services accessible through opussolutions.com have separate privacy and data collection practices, independent of
us. Opus Solutions Inc. bears no responsibility or liability for these independent policies or actions. You are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your passwords or any account information. Please be careful and responsible whenever you are online. If you post personal information online that is accessible to the public, you
may receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return. While we strive to protect your personal
information, Opus Solutions Inc. cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us, and
you do so at your own risk.
Your Acceptance of These Terms By using this site, you signify your assent to opussolutions.com Online Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our site. Your continued use of opussolutions.com Online site following the posting of changes to these
terms will mean you accept those changes.
If you have questions Opus Solutions Inc. welcomes comments and questions on this policy. We are dedicated to protecting your personal information, and will make every reasonable effort to keep that information secure. Due to the rapidly evolving technologies on the Internet, we may occasionally update this policy and will not send out notice. All revisions will be posted to this site. All comments and questions should be sent to info@opussolutions.com.
Opus Products are designed and assembled in the United States
Copyright © 2018 Opus Solutions, Inc.
Policy |
Privacy Notice |
Condition of Use
Accept Credit Cards