http://www.epic.org/privacy/drm/broadcastflagcomments.html
Before the
Federal Communications Commission
Washington, DC. 20554
In the Matter of
Digital Broadcast Copy Protection
MB Docket No. 02-230
COMMENTS OF THE
ELECTRONIC PRIVACY INFORMATION CENTER
December 6, 2002
The Electronic Privacy Information Center ("EPIC") respectfully
submits these comments concerning the Federal Communications Commission’s
("FCC") Notice of Proposed Rulemaking ("NPRM") discussing
digital broadcast copy protection.
EPIC recommends that no broadcast flag mandate be issued by the Commission
unless affirmative consumer privacy protections, consistent with established
public policy, are incorporated into the mandate and the broadcast flag standard.
While EPIC recognizes the legitimate interest of the copyright industry in
protecting against the unauthorized redistribution of their content, the broadcast
flag standard as currently presented in the Broadcast Protection Discussion
Subgroup report ("BPDG report") leaves open the possibility for
privacy invasive copy protection devices, and also restrains competition more
than is necessary to accomplish the goals of the copyright industry.  EPIC
recommends further study of potentially privacy-invasive applications of the
broadcast flag prior to any FCC mandate.  The FCC should also preserve the
ability of consumers to consume broadcast content anonymously.
The Electronic Privacy Information Center ("EPIC") respectfully
submits these comments in response to the Federal Communications Commission’s
("Commission") Notice of Proposed Rule Making ("NPRM")
discussing digital broadcast copy protection.
[1]
EPIC encourages the Commission to conduct further study of potentially privacy-invasive
technologies that may utilize the broadcast flag.
I.              INTRODUCTION
EPIC is a not-for-profit research center in Washington, DC which seeks to
protect privacy, the First Amendment, and constitutional values.  EPIC’s interest
in digital broadcast copy protection lies in the ramifications of the broadcast
flag mandate on individual privacy.
Congress has established a federal legal statutory framework to promote the
laudable public policy goal of protecting consumer privacy with regards to
viewing and title information.  For instance, the Cable Communications Policy
Act provides a strong statutory framework for the protection of cable subscribers'
personally identifiable information, requiring cable providers to obtain the
prior written or electronic consent of the subscriber before collecting or
disclosing such information. [2]   The Act also grants subscribers the right to access
the data collected about them and to destroy personally identifiable information
that is no longer needed to provide the service.  Furthermore, the Video Privacy
Protection Act prohibits the disclosure of video rental records containing
personally identifiable information, except in special circumstances such
as pursuant to a federal criminal warrant. [3]   A broadcast flag-enabled device
could collect this protected information.  Broadcast flag technology should
not serve as an end-run around established public policy, and thus the FCC
should not issue any rule until affirmative consumer privacy protections are
incorporated into the mandate.
II.        THE BROADCAST FLAG WILL BE INEFFECTIVE IN ENCOURAGING DTV BROADCAST
The Commission has stated that the present lack of digital broadcast copy
protection hinders progress of the digital television ("DTV") transition. [4]   Content providers claim to be reluctant to broadcast
high quality digital programming due to concerns over the unauthorized copying
and redistribution of content.  The Commission wishes to advance the DTV transition
by implementing a system that will make unauthorized redistribution of protected
content more difficult for home viewers.
However, the efficacy of the broadcast flag in facilitating the transition
process is dubious.  A regulatory copy protection regime is not necessary
to expand the current DTV transition.  CBS, for instance, recently announced
that it will develop programming for DTV. [5]
Other content providers
are likely to follow suit, if only to keep up with the competition, thereby
eliminating the need for federal imposition of standards for digital content
protection.
It is also unclear that the proposed mandate will prevent the unauthorized
content redistribution that the copyright industry seeks to control.  Given
the millions of legacy devices on the market, the presence of general purpose
computers, and the weak protection the broadcast flag system provides, the
increased incentives for content providers would appear to be quite distant.
If the primary concern of the broadcasters is unauthorized redistribution
over the Internet, only one unprotected copy needs to be made in order to
thwart the copy protection scheme.  Papers from a recent conference of computer
scientists on Digital Rights Management suggest that the possibility of creating
even a moderately effective copy protection system is quite low. [6]
Furthermore, the proposed transmission-side flag mandate may raise barriers
to entry, potentially precluding both new consumer electronic manufacturers
and smaller broadcasters from the market, as such groups may not be able to
afford to implement this technology.  The decision of whether to incorporate
the flag would be better left to content providers and consumer electronic
manufacturers on a voluntary basis.  If an effective but flexible and non-intrusive
technology is available, then it may be adopted without a government mandate.
III. MODIFICATIONS TO THE BROADCAST FLAG STANDARD
The standard discussed by the Broadcast Protection Discussion Group ("BPDG")
in its Final Report is ambiguous and unsettled.
[7]   The members were not able to reach a consensus
on several key issues, including compliance and robustness requirements and
the scope of protection to be accorded to DTV content.  EPIC suggests that
the Commission delay adoption of the standard pending the resolution of these
issues.
Furthermore, the Commission should incorporate a quid pro quo rule into any
standard it chooses to adopt.  If content providers are demanding mandated
copy protection as a prerequisite to digital broadcasting, they should be
required to initiate DTV broadcasts in return for this regulation.  Such a
requirement would ensure the achievement of the ultimate goal of the proposed
standard—to advance the DTV transition.
Additionally, the Commission should incorporate an avenue for review and/or
revocation of the standard after a set number of years.  If personally identifiable
information is integrated in the technology, the flag should be revoked until
a privacy framework is in place.  For example, any collection of personally
identifiable information from a broadcast flag-enabled device should be strictly
"opt-in", and allow the consumer unfettered access to the same content
anonymously.  If the flag proves inefficient and fails to achieve the goal
of expediting the DTV transition, the mandate should expire.
IV.       RISKS TO PRIVACY
A.             Because the robustness and compliance requirements are
not articulated in the BPDG report, the door remains open for privacy-invasive
applications of the broadcast flag.  A broadcast flag standard should not
be adopted until affirmative privacy protections are included in the robustness
and compliance requirements.
Copy protection technologies based on the broadcast flag could potentially
implicate important privacy interests.  Since the BPDG report fails to specify
the compliance and robustness requirements for approved devices, it leaves
the door open to the incorporation of privacy-invasive technologies into devices
which handle DTV content. Absent any affirmative privacy protections in the
Commission's mandate or in the compliance and robustness requirements, strong
incentives exist to deploy privacy-invasive copy protection techniques as
they may be the most effective way to enforce the content industry's interests.
The Commission should thus incorporate privacy requirements into the broadcast
flag mandate, and furthermore should prohibit the use of the broadcast flag
in cases where it would be used to violate personal privacy in a way inconsistent
with the established public policy embodied in the Cable Communications Policy
Act, the Video Privacy Protection Act, and other federal privacy statutes.
i.             Metered Use Applications
One categorical example of a potentially privacy-invasive application of
the broadcast flag is the SmartRight copy protection and content management
system developed by Micronas and Thomson Multimedia.
[8]   According to a company press release, the system "meets
commercial requirements for content protection in devices for digital home
entertainment networks such as TV sets, Set-Top-Boxes, DVD players, digital
video recorders, and PCs," and thus is likely to qualify for incorporation
into "approved devices" under the broadcast flag standard.  The
SmartRight technology provides end-to-end content protection and is targeted
towards the redistribution of protected content within the home, an activity
that the BPDG report states should be permitted under the broadcast flag standard.
A company representative describes the technology as one which "help[s]
content owners create a new business revenue model." SmartRight recognizes
an "entitlement control message" such as the broadcast flag and
enforces whatever rules are specified in the message.  Content owners could
use the technology to charge consumers every time their digital content is
re-distributed within the home, or viewed multiple times. [9]   Used in this way, the broadcast
flag would enable content providers to log the exact viewing habits of the
consumer, invading the privacy of the viewing public and establishing an unwarranted
level of control on the part of the broadcaster.  These collections of data
are contrary to the public policy established in the Cable Communications
Policy Act and the Video Privacy Protection Act.  The FCC should prohibit
any application of the broadcast flag which provides a mechanism for individual
viewing habits to be reported back to content providers as incompatible with
basic privacy rights within the home.
ii.             Renewability/Revocation Authority
The broadcast flag also raises privacy concerns when applications include
a renewability/revocation system.  Given that copy protection systems are
inevitably compromised over time, newer digital rights management implementations
often include a mechanism for a remote entity to revoke the device's authority
to decode protected content, or alternatively require a remote renewal signal
in order to continue functioning past a certain time.  Consumer electronics
devices using the SmartRight system, for example, will be equipped with a
removal security module (such as a smart card) that complies with current
protection standards and can be upgraded as such standards change.
Should a particular class of devices enforcing broadcast flag protection
become compromised, content providers might revoke the ability of those devices
to demodulate digital content.  Consumers would then be forced to upgrade
their system, possibly revealing their personal identity or incurring significant
expense in the process.  The Commission should prohibit revocation and renewability
systems in broadcast flag applications, or at a minimum require any such system
to function anonymously.
Furthermore, the BPDG report suggests that "significantly compromised"
technologies should be removed from Table A.  If technologies are removed
from Table A, consumers should remain free to use and service previously purchased
devices.  The FCC should insure that the content industry is prevented from
investigating the use of legitimately purchased devices, even after they are
removed from the list of acceptable technologies.
iii.             Circumvention Detection
Copy protection systems employ a number of methods to detect circumvention
attempts.  In some cases, a device may cease to function entirely until the
manufacturer or some other third party reenables it.  For example, many computer
DVD players will not allow the "region" setting to be changed more
than a limited number of times, and the user is then required to send the
player back to the manufacturer to be reset, revealing their name and address
and possibly other personal information.  Other circumvention detection methods
include actually reporting back over the Internet to the content provider
or to the device manufacturer about the attempted breach of security.
The Commission should mandate that any anti-circumvention technologies incorporated
into devices that recognize the broadcast flag should not require any remote
device renewal or other privacy-invasive system.
B.             The professional and broadcast use exception to the compliance
and robustness rules also raises privacy concerns.
The BPDG report states that proposals currently under consideration for the
compliance and robustness requirements would exempt products specifically
intended for professional and broadcast use.  Making a specific set of technologies
available exclusively to one category of people raises a number of questions
which implicate privacy interests: Would an individual seeking to purchase
exempt products be required to prove that the device would not be used in
other environments?  Does the Commission intend to establish penalties for
using professional grade equipment in the home environment?  Given the rapidly
dropping cost of digital media devices, will professional grade devices become
accessible to the average consumer, thereby undermining the purposes of the
broadcast flag mandate?  Over the past decade, devices which were once only
affordable to large content creators are now commonplace in homes and schools.
Individuals should not have to reveal the intended uses of their purchases,
and the professional/consumer technology distinction may erode over time.
C.             By imposing a privacy-invasive and limiting technology
on the consumer, the broadcast flag mandate may undermine its own stated goal
of advancing the transition to DTV.
While the purpose of the Commission's broadcast flag mandate is to provide
incentives for content providers to invest in digital broadcasting, the restrictions
it would impose on consumers and the potentially privacy-invasive applications
of the flag could work against this goal.  Consumers generally avoid products
that are inconvenient or invasive. A leading example is Digital Audio Tape
("DAT") recorders, which by law are burdened with so many copy protection
features (such as the Serial Copy Management System, which intentionally degrades
the quality of DAT copies) that consumers generally have rejected them.
[10]   No matter how many incentives the FCC establishes for broadcasting
companies to provide digital content, the transition will not occur if consumers
lose interest in purchasing DTV-related devices.
Over the past decade, consumers have eagerly adopted unencumbered digital
media devices such as CD and DVD players and burners, portable MP3 players,
digital video cameras, and television receiver cards for computers.
[11]
If these devices become inflexible or privacy-invasive as
a result of the broadcast flag mandate, demand for these new technologies
could drop.  The Commission should consider effects on consumer demand and
its impact on the underlying purpose for the broadcast flag.  While to some
degree this presents a "chicken and egg" problem, it is important
to remember that there are two sides to the market equation, and simply satisfying
the content industry's requirements may not advance the desired transition.
V.            VERTICAL INTEGRATION
By establishing a gateway role for the content industry in adding devices
to the Table A approved technologies listed, the broadcast flag mandate establishes
unnecessary barriers to entry for new technologies.  While any technological
mandate on consumer electronic devices  technologies is likely to have an
anticompetitive effect, the Commission should adopt a standard which minimizes
interference with market competition.  Any mandated copy protection system
should establish a level playing field for all manufacturers, and not favor
those companies that are involved in the BPDG.
The anticompetitive nature of the technology approval process could encourage
the adoption of more privacy-invasive technologies.  Since any new technology
would have to win the support of the content industries, manufacturers may
focus their efforts on strengthening content protection rather than maximizing
consumer privacy or technological flexibility.  Privacy interests would be
better served by neutral technical specifications for new devices.  Devices
meeting these specifications should be presumed to comply with a broadcast
flag mandate, and any challenges should be arbitrated by the Commission rather
than by the content industries.
VI.             CONCLUSION
EPIC requests that the Commission conduct further study to examine the efficacy
of the flag in protecting digital broadcast content from improper redistribution.
It is likely that the proposed standard will be an ineffective means of achieving
this goal.
If the flag is indeed adopted, it is of paramount importance to ensure that
consumers’ privacy interests are protected consistent with established public
policy.  The Commission should, therefore, incorporate affirmative consumer
privacy protections into the proposed broadcast flag standard for digital
broadcast copy protection.  At a minimum, the flag should not be adopted until
clearly delineated compliance and robustness requirements have been set that
comport with basic principles of consumer privacy.
Respectfully submitted,
Marc Rotenberg
Executive Director
Chris Hoofnagle
Legislative Counsel
Adam Kessel
IPIOP Clerk
Diana Oo
IPIOP Clerk
Electronic Privacy Information Center
1718 Connecticut Ave NW, Suite 200
Washington, DC 20009
[1]
Notice of Proposed Rulemaking,
FCC 02-231, released August 9, 2002.
[2] 47 U.S.C. § 551.
[3] 18 U.S.C. § 2710.
[4]
Notice of Proposed Rulemaking,
FCC 02-231, released August 9, 2002.
[5] See <http://www.cbs.com/info/hdtv> for the
current CBS HDTV line-up.
[6] <http://crypto.stanford.edu/DRM2002/prog.html>
[7] BPDG Final Report at 14-17.
[8] <http://www.thomson.net/gb/01/01671.htm>
[9] Junko Yoshida, Content
protection plan targets wireless home networks, EE Times, Jan. 17, 2002.
[10] Charles C. Mann, Taming
the Web, Technology Review, Sept. 1, 2001.