http://www.gaiawallpapers.com/privacy/
Home
Privacy Policy
Gaia Dream Creation Inc. - Privacy Policy
Gaia Dream Creation Inc. has implemented a privacy policy to protect your identity and information shared between you and us.
COLLECTED INFORMATION
We collect through our websites and software some information and also 'personal information' (information that personally identifies you) as described below.
Websites analytics: We collect different analytics on our websites when you visit them.
This is done through third-party analytics like Google Analytics.
The collected information is for a statistic purposes.
Orders: The orders are processed by our partners.
A product may be sold at one or more partners.
Depending on the product bought, our partner will collect personal information related to the order as, but not limited to, your name, phone number, email address, credit card.
We have access to the information you enter as a client, except the credit cards or other methods used to make the purchase.
We keep this information as a proof of purchase of our customers for customer support.
This information is kept for the time we need to support a product with our clients.
Emails: We collect emails for our newsletter on MailChimp with your consent when you subscribe.
You can remove yourself from our newsletter at anytime.
We keep backup of our subscribers up to 5 years.
Games analytics: Our games might collect information about the game session when you play.
This information is anonymous and does not identify the player.
We use this information for statistical purposes.
Communications:
If you communication with us by email, the emails will remain in the system for a certain time.
The emails might remain in our backups up to 5 years.
We may archive certain emails as suggestions or bug reports for example for a longer time.
Backups:
Your information will remain in safety backups for a certain number of years depending on the nature of the information as described above.
USE OF INFORMATION
We do not use the information you provide us for any purpose unless otherwise consented by you personally.
We do not sell your personal information.
Information submitted will not be available to anyone other than our staff or business partners whose services you have requested.
Your information may be subjected to submission if ordered by a court of law.
SECURITY
Gaia Dream Creation Inc. has established security measures to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of information placed under our control to the extent allowed by the technologies in place.
CONTACT US
If you have any additional questions or concerns about our privacy policy, please contact us.
Subscribe to Gaia Dream Creation Newsletter
Join our community and receive our newsletter to stay up to date with our latest updates, blog posts, promotions, announcements, etc.
Email Address
First Name
Subscribe
All fields are mandatory. See our privacy policy.
Follow Gaia Dream Creation on social media