http://www.zeroc.com/privacy
Fork me on GitHubPrivacy PolicyLast Update: April 27, 2016
ZeroC, Inc. ("ZeroC" or "we") respect your preferences concerning the treatment of personal information that we may collect from your use of the ZeroC.com web site and your interactions with ZeroC off-line. This policy lets you know how we collect and use your personal information, and how you can control its use. This policy describes the broadest potential use of personal information that is consistent with the terms of this policy; however, we may make far less use of your personal information.
Types of Personal Information We Collect and How We Collect It
Personal Information
This policy covers the following personal information that ZeroC collects through your use of the ZeroC web site and in connection with off-line communications. Specifically, ZeroC may collect this information from offline and online registrations and forms, communications and interactions, and sales inquiries:
Contact information, such as name, physical address, telephone number, email address, and company. The majority of the information collected under this category is business contact information.
Transactional information, including information about the products and services you request, purchase, or download.
Electronic Communications Protocols and Cookies
In addition to the information specified above, ZeroC may collect information about your use of the zeroc.com web site through electronic communications protocols and cookies. As is true when you visit most web sites, ZeroC may automatically receive information from you as part of the communication connection itself, which often consists of network routing information (where you came from), equipment information (browser type), and date and time. Certain features of the ZeroC web site also use cookies to capture additional information.
Cookies
A cookie is a small piece of information sent by a web server to store on a web browser so that it can later be read back from that browser. ZeroC's forum software uses two types of cookies - session and persistent - to remember stateful information and enable site functionality. Session cookies only exist for the duration of a single visit and are then removed. Persistent cookies (enabled by checking the "Remember Me" box when logging in) are saved in the browser and read upon return.
Use and Sharing of Personal Information
ZeroC uses (and, where specified, shares) your personal information for the following purposes:
To engage in transactions. ZeroC may use personal information such as name, physical address, telephone number, email address, and company to engage in transactions with you, including contacting you about your order.
To provide support or other services. ZeroC may use your personal information to provide you support, product updates, product patches and fixes and other similar communications.
To provide online forums in which you can participate in interactive discussions, post comments or other content, or otherwise engage in networking activities. ZeroC does not control the content that users post to these forums. You should carefully consider whether you wish to submit personal information to these forums and should tailor any content you submit appropriately and in accordance with the relevant terms of use. In addition, you should review any additional terms and conditions that may govern your use of these services, including terms related to use, sharing your personal information and receiving communications; any such terms will be clearly identified on the relevant site.
To communicate with you about noteworthy events such as product releases.
To comply with legal requirements. ZeroC may be required to disclose your personal information in order to comply with legally mandated reporting, disclosure or other legal process requirements. ZeroC will use reasonable efforts to limit the personal information it provides for these purposes.
Please note that your personal information may be transferred, accessed and stored globally as necessary for the uses stated above in accordance with this policy. While ZeroC may share your personal information with agents and contractors in order to perform the functions listed above, we require that they treat your personal information in accordance with this policy.
Registration, Preferences and Opt-Out
ZeroC allows you to establish an online registration profile for the purposes of participating in the ZeroC Forums. You are not required to establish a profile to read the forums, but you must establish a profile if you wish to post content on the forums. ZeroC occasionally sends announcements; by default, a forum profile is configured to receive these announcements.
Opting Out
If you do not wish to receive announcements from ZeroC, you can opt out on our unsubscribe page.