https://www.weareintersect.com/cookie-policy/
This website uses cookies. Mmm...cookies.
I'm fine with this
We use cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners who may combine it with other information that you’ve provided to them or that they’ve collected from your use of their services. View our Privacy Policy for details.
Show details
About cookies
Cookies are small text files that can be used by websites to make a user's experience more efficient. The law states that we can store cookies on your device if they are strictly necessary for the operation of this site. For all other types of cookies we need your permission. This site uses different types of cookies. Some cookies are placed by third party services that appear on our pages.
Your consent applies to the following domains: www.weareintersect.com
Site Navigation
Intersect
Skip to main content
How We Work
Our Work
Insights
Get to know us
Careers
Contact
Cookie policy
JUMP TO SECTION...
JUMP TO SECTION...
COOKIE POLICY
WHAT IS A COOKIE?
WHY DO WE USE COOKIES?
WHAT TYPE OF COOKIES DO WE USE?
CAN THIRD PARTIES ACCESS MY COOKIES?
HOW DO I MANAGE MY PREFERENCES?
CAN WE CHANGE THIS POLICY?
HOW DOES THIS POLICY AFFECT CALIFORNIANS?
WHAT CAN I DO TO CONTROL THE PROCESSING OF MY PERSONAL INFORMATION?
DO YOU HAVE MORE QUESTIONS?
Cookie Policy
This website, its online services, interactive applications, email messages, and advertisements may use ‘cookies’ and other technologies such as pixel tags and web beacons.
This Cookie Policy applies to this website and describes how Symbility Solutions Inc. and its affiliates (“Symbility”) process your information collected while you browse this website through cookies, and how you may manage your preferences regarding cookies.
Since some cookies include information that is considered personal under some laws, such as IP addresses and location, we treat such data with care by applying the right measures of protection.
What is a Cookie?
Cookies are small data text files that are sent from a server during a browsing session. Cookies are typically stored on your computer’s hard drive and are used by web sites to simulate a continuous connection to that site. The use of cookies automatically identifies your browser whenever you interact with a site. A “web beacon”, also known as a tag, pixel tag, or clear GIF, is used to transmit information back to a web server. When we talk about “cookies” in this policy, we mean not just cookies, but web beacons and similar technologies.
Browsers and devices have tools that allow you to disable cookies on sites and apps. If you disable cookies, you may not be able to access all the features of our services. We suggest that you keep our essential cookies (described below) active for a better user experience and to help us keep improving and developing our products and services.
If you keep reading, you will learn about all the types of cookies that we use, and their specific functionalities.
Why do we use Cookies?
Cookies are useful to us, with the information that we acquire through cookies on you and how you use this website, we can recognize you as a unique user. This allows us to:
Serve you with content and ads;Monitor traffic on our sites and apps;Count and keep track of users who have seen particular ads and content;Analyze your actions;See what you are interested in.
When doing so, we make sure that we are following all applicable legislations, and that we protect this information such as to allow you to have a better user experience safely.
What type of cookies do we use?
When you browse the website, different types of Cookies are set on your device.
Cookies can be installed by us or can be installed by third parties. Click here to learn about Third Party Cookies on our website.
Symbility uses both session cookies and persistent cookies. Session cookie are temporarily set on your device, and disappear once you close your web browser window, but persistent cookies remain on your device for some time.
Some cookies are referred to as “strictly necessary” because without them, this website could not function properly.
Functionality cookies allow our website, through WordPress, to identify the region you are in when you browse the Website, so that you can be presented with the version that corresponds to your location. For instance, if you are navigating the website from Germany, you will be showed the German version. We use the latest version of WordPress (WordPress 4.9.6. whose core software is GDPR compliant).
We also have functionalities that allow you to watch our videos; if you do not accept these cookies, you will be limited in how you can use our website.
We also used Consent Cookies used by consent management tools that we employ to remember and record your privacy preferences, such as which cookies do you approve of, and which cookies you do not approve us. These are essentials cookies for us to comply with regulations.
Advertising and re-targeting cookies collect information about your behavior on our website and are used to personalize advertising in accordance with your interests. These can include third party cookies, and are persistent; this means that they will remain on your device for the time determined in the cookie. You may access the list of advertising/re-targeting Cookies by clicking here.
We may collect the following personal data through essential cookies: a unique ID assigned to your device; IP address; device and browser type; operating system; referring URLs; content viewed, or other actions taken on our sites and apps; time and date of those actions; country and language selected.
Can third parties access my cookies?
Symbility does not allow any add partners or affiliates to collect your personal data for their own purposes directly on our website. We do not sell your personal data to anyone.
We only share limited information through analytics cookies. Analytics cookies are used by Symbility and by third parties who process data for us for data analytics purposes so that we can manage and improve the performance and design of our sites and apps and for monitoring, auditing and research.
These third parties who have access to our analytics cookies are HubSpot, LinkedIn, Facebook, and Google Analytics. These third parties’ cookies are used to collect information on how you are using the website such as to present you relevant adds. The segmentation of the traffic is done through Google Analytics on a general level, and not on a one by one-case basis. This means that we do not isolate your data. The information that we share is about usage in general; it does not target you in particular.
When these entities process your personal information on our behalf, we ensure that these entities respect regulations through data processing agreements and reassurances that your data are protected and only send to countries with adequate safeguards to protect your data.
We also share some functionality cookies with Vidyard, in order to present our videos via our website. Vidyard is one of our data processors and is subject to a data processing agreement that aims at preserving the confidentiality of your personal information. You can learn more about Vidyard’s privacy policy here, and if you want to read their cookie policy, you can click here.
How do I manage my preferences?
You can decide whom you will allow to set third-party cookies on your browser or device by going to our consent preferences center. You can change your mind and revisit your consent choices at any time by returning there.
You may set your browser to block cookies, including those associated with our services. However, it is important to remember that certain features of the website may not function properly if cookies are disabled. Cookies enable you to take full advantage of some of the website’s best features, so we recommend that you keep them enabled.
You may also use the “help” function on the toolbar of your web browser to prevent your browser from accepting new Cookies, to have your browser notify you when you receive new Cookies and to disable Cookies altogether.
Can we change this policy?
Yes, we strive to adapt this policy to new technologies, changes on the websites or regulatory requirements. All updates will be posted on this page and we will notify our users by e-mails, social medias, through a notification on our website and/or as required by applicable laws.
How does this policy affect Californians?
Legislation in California provides that California residents be entitled to know how we respond to “Do Not Track” browser settings. If activated by you, this setting sends a special signal to the websites you encounter while web browsing indicating that you do not wish to be tracked. We do not respond to Do Not Track signals at this time. If we do so in the future, we will describe how so in this Privacy Policy.
Legislation in California also permits users who are California residents to request certain information about the sharing of their personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. For all such inquiries, please contact us.
What can I do to control the processing of my personal information?
Various regulations allow you to exercise some rights regarding your personal information. If you are a citizen of the European Union, you will typically have access to the rights that are sets forth in the General Data Protection Regulation regarding the personal information that we hold about you.
Right to access it: You have the right to ask us for copies of your personal information. This right always applies. There are some exemptions, which means you may not always receive all the information we process. You can read more about this right here.
Right to rectify it: You have the right to ask us to erase your personal information in certain circumstances. You can read more about this here.
Right to have it erased: You have the right to ask us to erase your personal information, in certain circumstances. You can read more about this here.
Right to restrict its processing: You have the right to ask us to restrict the processing of your information in certain circumstances. You can read more about this here.
Right to object to its processing: You have the right to object to processing if we able to process your information based on legitimate interests. You can read more about this here.
Right to data portability: This only applies to the information that you have given us. You have the right to ask that we transfer the information you gave us to another organization or give it to you. The right only applies if we are processing information based on your consent or under, or in talks about entering into a contract and the processing is automated. You can read more about this here.
We apply these rights as required by the legislation, and this means that there may be some conditions; the way you can exercise a right will depend on the reason why we are processing your information.
Our Data Protection Officer (Europe) or our Privacy Manager will inform you on the exercise of your rights, but you can also contact your local supervisory authority for more information. Click here to talk with our Data Protection Officer (Europe) or with our Privacy Manager.
Prior to exercise these rights, we will require that you confirm your identity with us. We typically have one month to respond to you, and you are not required to pay any charge to exercise your rights.
To exercise your rights, Click Here to e-mail our Data Protection Officer (Europe) or our Privacy Manager, or contact us by phone tool free at 1-866-796-2454
We work to high standards when it comes to processing your personal information. If you have queries or concerns, please contact us here and we will respond. If you feel that we have no handled your request appropriately, or if it was refused, you can also apply for a re-examination with local your supervisory authority.
Do you have more questions?
Symbility has named a Data Protection Officer (Europe) and a Privacy Manager who can help you exercise your rights and better understand the way we protect your personal information.
Symbility Data Protection Officer (Europe) and Privacy Manager
Email: privacy@nullsymbility.net