http://www.webuildpages.com/privacy-policy.htm
Privacy Policy
Our Commitment to Privacy
Your privacy is as important to us as it is to you. We know you hate SPAM and so do we. That's why we’ll never sell or share your information with anyone. We respect your rights and will do everything in our power to protect your information. In the interest of full disclosure we provide this notice explaining our online information collection practices. This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for Internet Marketing Ninja and applies solely to information collected by this web site.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone. We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.
Disclosure
This site uses ClickTale web analytics service. ClickTale may record mouse clicks, mouse movements, scrolling activity as well as text you type in this website. This site does not use ClickTale to collect any personally identifiable information entered in this website. ClickTale does not track your browsing habits across web sites which do not use ClickTale services. For more information see Privacy Policy for Information Collected by the ClickTale Web Analytics Service. We are using the information collected by ClickTale service to better understand conversion and on our landing pages and our deep pages. You can choose to disable the Service at http://www.clicktale.net/disable.html.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Contact Form
In order for us to contact you, a user must first complete the contact form. When completing the form, a user is required to give certain information (such as name and email address). This information is used to contact you about the products/services on our site in which you have expressed interest. At your option, you may also provide demographic information (such as gender or age) about yourself, but it is not required.
Links
This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Email Policy
InternetMarketingNinjas.com has a strict no-spam policy.
InternetMarketingNinjas.com will never sell or trade your email address to a third party.
InternetMarketingNinjas.com does not send unsolicited commercial email messages. InternetMarketingNinjas.com does send commercial email to those who have a pre-existing business relationship with us. A pre-existing business relationship means that the email recipient has made a purchase, requested information, responded to a survey or questionnaire, or had offline contact with InternetMarketingNinjas.com. Email recipients may contact us at any time to opt-out of future mailings.
InternetMarketingNinjas.com does not engage in deceptive email practices such as misleading subject lines or falsifying email addresses.
InternetMarketingNinjas.com does not encourage deceptive practices in email marketing to its clients.
Top
Terms of Service
Internet Marketing Ninjas.com is a New York corporation that operates and maintains a website at the URL "InternetMarketingNinjas.com" (the "Website") and provides certain SEO services described in more detail below (the "SEO Services", and together with the Website, the "Service"). By using the Service, you agree to be bound by these Terms of Service (this "Agreement"). If you object to anything in this Agreement or the IMN Privacy Policy, do not use the Service. This Agreement is subject to change by IMN at any time, effective upon posting on the Website, and your use of the Service after such posting will constitute acceptance by you of such changes. This Agreement includes IMN's Privacy Policy and any notices regarding the Website.
Disclosure
This site uses ClickTale web analytics service. ClickTale may record mouse clicks, mouse movements, scrolling activity as well as text you type in this website. This site does not use ClickTale to collect any personally identifiable information entered in this website. ClickTale does not track your browsing habits across web sites which do not use ClickTale services. For more information see Privacy Policy for Information Collected by the ClickTale Web Analytics Service. We are using the information collected by ClickTale service to better understand conversion and on our landing pages and our deep pages. You can choose to disable the Service at http://www.clicktale.net/disable.html.
Description of the Service
IMN provides users with access to SEO Services, including but not limited to, search engine optimization marketing services, original content development services, and organic link building services tools. Unless explicitly stated otherwise, any new features that augment or enhance the current Service shall be subject to this Agreement. You are responsible for obtaining access to the Service, and that access may involve third-party fees (such as Internet service provider or airtime charges). In addition, you must provide and are responsible for all equipment necessary to access the Service, including a computer and modem or other access device.
By accessing the Website, you consent to have this Agreement provided to you in electronic form. Please print a copy of this document for your records. To retain an electronic copy of this Agreement, you may save it to into any word processing program. You have a right to a paper copy of this Agreement. If you would like a paper copy, please contact us by completing the form here. If you request a paper copy of the Agreement, your account will be suspended until you return a signed copy of the paper agreement to IMN.
Proprietary Rights
IMN owns and retains all proprietary rights in the Service. The Website contains the copyrighted material, trademarks, and other proprietary information of IMN, and its licensors. Except for that information which is in the public domain or for which you have been given written permission, you agree not to reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, trade, resell, modify, publish, transmit, distribute, perform, display, create derivative works, or exploit for any commercial purposes, any portion of the Service, use of the Service, or access to the Service or computer code that powers the Service (hereafter sometimes "Software"). You may not post, distribute, reproduce or create derivative works in any way any copyrighted material, trademarks, or other proprietary information without obtaining the prior written consent of the owner of such proprietary rights. As between You and IMN, You own all right, title and interest in your logos and trademarks, so long as they are not derived from IMN's proprietary information. You agree to and hereby do grant IMN the limited, nonexclusive right and license to reproduce, distribute, display and use any of your content and intellectual property as necessary to perform its obligations under this Agreement. You also grant IMN a license to use your name and logo in IMN marketing materials and customer lists, including on the IMN website.
Privacy
Please see our complete Privacy Policy above, which is incorporated into this Agreement. Further, you acknowledge, consent and agree that IMN may access, preserve and disclose your account information and content if required to do so by law or in a good faith belief that such access preservation or disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (a) comply with legal process; (b) enforce this Agreement; (c) respond to claims that any your content violates the rights of third parties; (d) respond to your requests for customer service; or (e) protect the rights, property or personal safety of IMN, its users and the public.
Personal Use
The Service is made available to you for your personal use only. Due to the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998, you must be at least thirteen (13) years of age to use this Service. You must provide current, accurate identification, contact, and other information that may be required as part of the registration process and/or continued use of the Service. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your Service password and account, if applicable, and are responsible for all activities that occur thereunder. IMN reserves the right to refuse service to anyone at any time without notice for any reason.
Proper Use
You agree that you are responsible for your own communications and for any consequences thereof. Your use of the Service is subject to your acceptance of and compliance with this Agreement. You agree that you will use the Service in compliance with all applicable local, state, national, and international laws, rules and regulations, including any laws regarding the transmission of technical data exported from your country of residence. You shall not, shall not agree to, and shall not authorize or encourage any third party to: (i) use the Service to upload, transmit or otherwise distribute any content that is unlawful, defamatory, harassing, abusive, fraudulent, obscene, contains viruses, or is otherwise objectionable as determined by IMN in its sole discretion; (ii) upload, transmit or otherwise distribute content that infringes upon another party's intellectual property rights or other proprietary, contractual or fiduciary rights or obligations; (iii) prevent others from using the Service; or (iv) use the Service for any fraudulent or inappropriate purpose. Violation of any of the foregoing may result in immediate termination of this Agreement, and may subject you to state and federal penalties and other legal consequences. IMN reserves the right, but shall have no obligation, to investigate your use of the Service in order to determine whether a violation of this agreement has occurred or to comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request.
Unauthorized Uses
You must not modify, adapt or hack the Service or modify another website so as to falsely imply that it is associated with the Service or IMN. You may not reverse engineer or reuse source code that is in public view. This includes any and all javascript. The code is IMN's copyright. You shall not transmit any worms or viruses or any code of a destructive nature. You agree not to modify the Software in any manner or form, nor to use modified versions of the Software, including (without limitation) for the purpose of obtaining unauthorized access to the Service. You agree not to access the Service by any means other than through the interface that is provided by IMN for use in accessing the Service. You acknowledge that the Service is not intended for permanent storage and agree not to use the Service for archiving or back-up purposes.
Blocking of IP Addresses
In order to protect the integrity of the Service, IMN reserves the right at any time in its sole discretion to block Registrants and Members from certain IP addresses from accessing the Website.
Modifications to Service
IMN reserves the right at any time to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the Service (or any part thereof) with or without notice. You agree that IMN shall not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension or discontinuance of the Service.
Disclaimers of Warranties
IMN EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT AND QUIET ENJOYMENT. IMN MAKES NO WARRANTY THAT THE SERVICES WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS OR THAT THEY WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, VIRUS-FREE, ERROR-FREE, ACCURATE OR RELIABLE. IMN DOES NOT MAKE ANY WARRANTY THAT ANY DEFECT IN THE SERVICES WILL BE CORRECTED. NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, OBTAINED BY YOU FROM IMN OR THE SERVICES SHALL CREATE ANY WARRANTY NOT EXPRESSLY MADE HEREIN.
THE SERVICES, INCLUDING THE WEBSITE, ARE PROVIDED TO YOU ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS. ANY MATERIAL AND/OR DATA OBTAINED OR DOWNLOADED THROUGH THE SERVICES IS DONE AT YOUR OWN RISK AND YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE CAUSED BY SUCH MATERIAL OR DATA INCLUDING ANY LOSS OF DATA OR DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM.
You agree that you must evaluate, and bear all risks associated with, the use of the Service, including any reliance on the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of the service. In this regard, you acknowledge that you may not rely on any content created by IMN or submitted to IMN and all other parts of the Service. Use of the Website and the Services may result in technical malfunction, delay, or other problems with other systems, programs, or computer hardware. IMN cannot and does not guarantee compatibility with other systems and hardware.
Third-Party Content
Certain content, products, and services available via the Service may include materials from third parties. In addition, IMN may provide links to certain third-party websites. You acknowledge and agree that IMN is not responsible for examining or evaluating the content or accuracy of any such third-party material or websites. Links to other websites are provided solely as a convenience to you. Because IMN has no control over such sites and resources, you acknowledge and agree that IMN is not responsible for the availability of such external sites or resources, and does not endorse and is not responsible or liable for any content, advertising, products or other materials on or available from such sites or resources. You agree that you will not use any third-party materials in a manner that would infringe or violate the rights of any other party, and that IMN is not in any way responsible for any such use by you.
Limitation on Liability
Except in jurisdictions where such provisions are restricted, in no event will IMN be liable to you or any third person for any direct, indirect, consequential, exemplary, incidental, special or punitive damages, including but not limited to, damages for loss of profits, goodwill, use, data or other intangible losses (even if IMN has been advised of the possibility of such damages), resulting from: (i) the use or the inability to use the Service; (ii) the cost of procurement of substitute goods and services resulting from your inability to access or obtain any goods, data, information or services through or from the Service; (iii) unauthorized access to or alteration of your transmissions or data; (iv) statements or conduct of any third party on the service; or (v) any content posted on the Website or transmitted to you or other users of the Service; or (vi) any inaccurate or out-of-date content produced by the tools or published on the Website; or (vii) any other matter relating to the Service. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary, IMN's liability to you for any cause whatsoever, and regardless of the form of the action, will at all times be limited to the amount paid, if any, by you to IMN in the twelve (12) months prior to the claimed injury or damage.
Indemnity by You
You agree to indemnify and hold IMN, its subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, agents, and other partners and employees, harmless from any loss, liability, claim, or demand, including reasonable attorneys' fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of your use of the Service in violation of this Agreement and/or arising from a breach of this Agreement and/or any breach of your representations and warranties and/or your negligent or willful acts, and/or the violation by you of IMN's or any third party's rights, including without limitation privacy rights, other property rights, trade secret, proprietary information, trademark, copyright, or patent rights, and claims for libel slander, or unfair trade practices in connection with the use or operation of the Service. Your obligation to indemnify will survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement by either party for any reason.
Confidential Information
You agree to hold IMN's Confidential Information in confidence during the term of this Agreement and for a period of four (4) years after termination of this Agreement. You agree that, unless required by law, you will not make IMN's Confidential Information available in any form to any third party or use IMN's Confidential Information for any purpose other than the implementation of this Agreement. If you are required by law to disclose IMN's Confidential Information, you will provide IMN with reasonable notice of your intent to comply and provide all reasonable cooperation in assisting IMN to minimize the disclosure.
"Confidential Information" means any information disclosed by IMN to you under circumstances that would lead a reasonable person to conclude that the information was confidential. Notwithstanding the above, the following types of information shall be considered Confidential Information, regardless of whether they are marked as such: any software or documentation related to the Services, trade secrets, technical know-how, inventions, educational materials, product development plans, pricing, marketing plans, and customer lists. Confidential Information shall not include information that: (i) is or becomes generally available through no act or omission of yours; (ii) was in your lawful possession prior to the disclosure and had not been obtained by you either directly or indirectly from IMN or (iii) is lawfully disclosed to you by a third party without restriction on disclosure. In the event that you become aware of an unauthorized use or disclosure of any IMN Confidential Information, you will promptly inform IMN and provide reasonable assistance in the investigation or prosecution of any such unauthorized use or disclosure.
Term and Termination
This Agreement will remain in full force and effect while you use the Services. You may cancel your use of the Service at any time, for any reason by providing notice to IMN by completing the form at [Insert URL]. IMN may, at any time and for any reason, terminate this Agreement, your account or your use of the Services by sending notice to you at the email addressed to your email account or by US Mail or courier service to the address you provided for the Services. All notices to you shall be deemed effective on the first calendar day following the date of electronic mailing or on the fourth calendar day following the date of first-class mailing or deposit with a commercial courier service. In the event of termination, your account will be suspended and disabled and you may not be granted access to your account or any files or other content contained in your account. If IMN terminates your use of this Service because you have breached this Agreement, you will not be entitled to any refund of unused fees that you have paid to IMN. Sections of this Agreement relating to (1) your account, password and security, (2) disclaimer of warranties and limitation of liability, (3) indemnification, (4) confidentiality and proprietary information, and (5) jurisdiction and choice of law, shall survive such termination, as well as any other provisions, which by their nature may survive such termination.
Jurisdiction and Choice of Law
If there is any dispute arising out of the Service, you expressly agree that any such dispute shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York, without regard to its conflict of laws provisions, and you expressly agree and consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the state and federal courts of the State of New York, in Saratoga County, for the resolution of any such dispute.
Other
The failure of IMN to exercise or enforce any right or provision of the Terms of Service shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. If any provision of this Agreement is held invalid, the remainder of this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect. The Terms of Service, the Privacy Policy and IMN's other customer policies posted on the Website constitute the entire agreement between you and IMN and govern your use of the Service, superseding any prior agreements between you and IMN (including, but not limited to, any prior versions of the Terms of Service). You agree that, except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, there shall be no third party beneficiaries to this Agreement.