https://www.orbitaltech.com///////privacy/
Skip to content
Privacy
Privacy Policy
Orbitaltech.com (the “Site”) is maintained and operated by Orbital Technologies Inc. (the “Company”).
Orbital Technologies Inc.
300 - 16 West 4th Avenue
Vancouver, BC Canada
V5Y 1G3
Tel: +1.604.681.7237
Web: www.orbitaltech.com
Information on the Site is provided ‘as is,’ without any representation or warranty (either express or implied). If you have questions about the Site or your privacy, contact the Company at the contact information provided above, or email media@box5690.temp.domains.
This Privacy Statement
Your privacy is important to us. This Privacy Statement outlines how the Company collects, uses and safeguards your information with regard to your use of the Site. By using this Site, you are agreeing to the terms of this Privacy Statement.
Information Collection
The Site collects both personally identifying and limited non-personally identifying information about you in the course of your access and use of this Site, as well as any user-submitted requests for information.
The Company’s web server collects only limited non-personally identifying information from normal web usage. This limited non-personally identifying information includes information such as, your Internet Protocol (IP) address, browser preference, date and time of your visit, and the pages viewed. This information is combined and used to generate aggregate statistics that are intended to measure Site activity and to improve the usefulness of client visits. The Company makes no attempt to identify you via this information, except in the course that misuse or abuse is detected.
Personally identifying information, such as your name, physical address, telephone and/or fax number(s), e-mail address, and business need are not collected during normal web usage. This information is only collected via web forms and e-mail, provided by you at your discretion.
Information Use
The Company does not rent, sell or share your personally identifying information with other companies and/or individuals without your consent. Information collected by the Company is used to provide you with information about the Company’s products and services, to fulfill your requests, and to help improve our products and services in order to serve you better.
Access to Your Information
Upon request, the Company shall inform an individual of the existence, use and disclosure of his or her personal information. An individual shall be able to challenge the accuracy and completeness of the information. We will take reasonable and appropriate actions to make changes when necessary. To confirm existence and/or request access to your information, you may contact the Company as described at the end of this Privacy Statement.
Confidentiality/Security
The Company takes reasonable and appropriate actions to protect against unauthorized access or disclosure of any electronically stored personally identifying information. However, we do not warrant or represent that your personal information is completely safe from hackers and other security threats.
Links to Other Web Sites
The Site includes links to other sites that are not owned or under the control of the Company. By clicking on any such third-party link, you acknowledge that you are leaving the Site and that you wish to view the content at the third-party site. Any third-party link and/or its associated information posted here is in no way an endorsement of any content, product or service. You acknowledge that determining the accuracy or suitability of any content, product or service is entirely your responsibility. This Privacy Statement applies to the Site only. Information submitted to sites linked within the Site will be subject to the privacy policies of those external third-party sites.
Policy Changes
Periodically, the Company will update this Privacy Statement, and notification shall solely entail posting of any such changes here. By using this Site, you are agreeing to the terms of our Privacy Statement. We reserve the right to change our Privacy Statement. A revised Privacy Statement will only pertain to data collected following its effective date.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Statement, you may contact us by the following methods:
E-mail: media@box5690.temp.domains
Mail:
300 - 16 West 4th Avenue
Vancouver, BC Canada
V5Y 1G3
Tel: +1.604.681.7237