https://www.awcwire.com/privacy
Home
About Us
Our History, Our Family, Our Promise
Why Choose AWC
Family First
Company History
Charity
Commitment to Quality & The Environment
Going Green
Regulations & Compliance
Company
Key People
Our Reputation
Testimonials
Internationally Recognized
Supplier Index
Product Catalog
Allied Wire & Cable Products
Wire & Cable
Tubing & Harness
Connectors & Termination
Manufacturer Catalogs
Belden Cable
Alpha Wire
General Cable
Lapp Cable
Prysmian Fiber Optic Cable
Sumitomo
Bargain Bin
Bargain Bin Catalog
Value Added Services
Custom Cable
Custom Cable Design & Manufacturing
Custom Cables Design
Custom Cable Info Center
Custom Cable Case Studies
Custom Hybrid Fiber Cable
International
Customer Service
Help
Exporting Tools and Policies
Customer Tools
Frequently Asked Questions
Wire and Cable Manufacturer FAQs
Technical Information
Product FAQs
Company FAQs
Contact Us
Make a Request
Literature Request
Newsletter Signup
Quick RFQ
Request a Sample
Careers
SEO Positions
Sales Careers
Careers Warehouse
Contact Information
Customer Support
Locations
Blog
Enter search
Search
Privacy
Allied Wire and Cable Privacy Statement
Allied Wire & Cable, Inc. recognizes and respects the importance of protecting the privacy of our customers and prospective customers. We do not sell or rent any of the information we collect through our website. This privacy statement applies to the Allied Wire & Cable website and governs data collection and usage.
Collection of your Personal Information
When you register to use our site we collect the information you provide, i.e. name, company, address, phone and fax numbers, email address, and any additional information necessary to serve you better. There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected, which can include: your IP address, browser type, pages visited, access times, and referring website addresses. This information assists us in analyzing usage pattern and trends, diagnosing problems, and in general administration of the website. Any information that Allied Wire & Cable, Inc. collects will not be sold or rented. We will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or regulatory authorities, or in the context of legal proceedings. We take many precautions to ensure the information we collect via our website is protected. We use restricted access, and our users are required to provide IDs and passwords.
Usage of your Personal Information
Allied Wire and Cable, Inc. may send you informative emails and newsletters with products and services that we believe would interest you. We may also run special offers, including contests, surveys, and online polls. Participation in these events is strictly voluntary, and therefore any information requested in conjunction with these events is to be given of your own accord. We will try to provide a way for you to correct, update, or remove the personal information you give us.
The Use of Cookies
Our site utilizes “cookies” to help personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, but do not tell us your individual identity, unless you have chosen to provide it to us. You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. You can use our site without cookies, but it may limit the functionality. Our website uses cookies to enhance your experience and simplify mundane activities. For example, you will be able to set personalized preferences, which can save you valuable time during subsequent visits.
Third Party Websites
When you visit awcwire.com, you may choose to link to or you may be directed to another site, whose content is beyond our control. These sites may include those of advertisers, sponsors, or partners. Allied Wire and Cable cannot be held responsible for the content of those sites. We encourage you to review the privacy statements of those websites in order to understand how they collect, use, and share your personal information.
Changes to this Statement
Allied Wire and Cable reserves the right to update this Statement of Privacy at any time to reflect company and customer feedback. Changes may be applied retroactively to information we have collected. By using our website, you acknowledge your consent to our privacy policy.