http://www.landofcode.com/privacy-policy.php
Landofcode.com
Putting the pieces together
Home
About
Contact
Link
Sitemap
Markup
First webpage guide
HTML
XHTML
Style & Layout
CSS
Browser Scripting
Javascript
AJAX
VBScript
Server Scripting
PHP
ASP
Web Planning
RSS
Web mechanics
Debugging
Web files
Code editors
Web jobs
Web dev careers
Programming
Programming Intro
Java
Make money online
Make money online
Privacy Policy
NOTE: This privacy policy applies to one part of this website (the main site at www.landofcode.com). For the privacy policy regarding our forums at www.landofcode.com/forums, visit our forums privacy policy page at www.landofcode.com/forums/ucp.php?mode=privacy
The following is a privacy statement for http://www.landofcode.com:
We do not, and will not collect any personal information from our users
IP addresses are logged for statistics and diagnostic purposes only
We do set cookies (see below)
Personal information
Landofcode.com does not, and will not collect any personal information from our users. Users are free to visit Landofcode.com, and navigate all its pages, and view other resources such as images and sounds without any type of registration.
Logging
IP addresses are used for statistical purposes such as gathering demographic information for aggregate use, and diagnostic purposes such as fixing server problems, analyzing trends, and administration.
IP addresses are not, and will not be linked to any personal information.
Cookies
Landofcode.com cookies
While we do not set any cookies for the main site at http://www.landofcode.com, we do set cookies for the blog at http://www.landofcode.com/blog. Cookies will be set by the blog only when you leave a comment. The cookies that are set are used to remember the name, email, and site URL you entered when you first made a comment on any of the blog posts for quick retrieval in the future.
Third party cookies
Google
Google as a third party vendor that serves ads through their Google Adsense program on this website does set cookies. Specifically, the cookie set by Google is their DART cookie which they serve through their DoubleClick network. The DART cookie enables Google to serve ads to you based on your browsing habits on this website as well as other websites on the internet.
You can opt out of this and not have the DART cookie set on your computer by Google by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
Addthis
AddThis sets two cookies to determine usage statistics for visitors visiting this website.
Practice
Online code editor
Examples
Exercises
Quizzes
Reference
Web terms glossary
Web reference
Tools & How to's
Web dev tools
Web dev how to's
Rate this site
Rate this site
Visitor comments
Email us!
Core Pages
Home
About Us
Contact Us
Link
Sitemap
Rec. reading
First webpage guide
Search engine list
Get IP address
Get WebDev job
Site competition
Validation
Validate HTML
Validate CSS
Check links
© Copyright 2013-2014 Landofcode.com
Terms of use | Privacy policy | Copyright information