https://www.pssi.com/privacy-policy/
Search for:
Exit X
Privacy Policy
En Español En Français
PRIVACY POLICY OF PACKER’S SANITATION SERVICES, INC., LTD. Packer’s Sanitation Services, Inc., Ltd. operates PSSI.com which provides the SERVICE. This page is used to inform website visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service, the Website Name website. If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation with this policy. The Personal Information that we collect are used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy. The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at Website URL, unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy. INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE For a better experience while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to your name, phone number, and postal address. The information that we collect will be used to contact or identify you. INFORMATION WE AUTOMATICALLY COLLECT We want to inform you that whenever you visit our Service, we collect information that your browser sends to us that is called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser version, pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, and other statistics. In addition, we collect Usage Data using technologies called “cookies” and “web beacons.” Cookies are files with small amount of data that is commonly used an anonymous unique identifier. A web beacon is an object that is embedded in a page or e-mail and is usually invisible to the user but allows checking that a user has viewed the page or e-mail. These are sent to your browser from the website that you visit and are stored on your computer’s hard drive. Our website uses these “cookies” to collection information and to improve our Service. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies, and know when a cookie is being sent to your computer. We may combine Usage Data with Personal Information (as defined below) in a manner that enables us to trace Usage Data to an individual user, and may collect, use, preserve and disclose Usage Data in any manner that we may collect, use, preserve and disclose Personal Information as provided herein (whether Usage Data is combined with any Personal Information or otherwise). If you choose to refuse our cookies, some portions of the Service may not work, or work sub-optimally. SERVICE PROVIDERS We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons: (a) to facilitate our Service; (b) To provide the Service on our behalf; (c) to perform Service-related services; or (d) to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used. We want to inform our Service users that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose. As more particularly described below in this Privacy Policy, we use certain third-party tools and services to assist us in collecting Usage Data. Such tools and services include Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. Certain of the third-party tools and services, such as Google Analytics, use “cookies” or “web beacons” to help analyze how users use the Site. Google Analytics uses “cookies” which collect anonymous traffic data. We do not access or control these third party “cookies” or “web beacons”, however, we may have access to data generated from their use, such as when we view analytics reports provided by such third-party tools and services. SECURITY We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security. You agree to keep your Personal Information private and confidential, and not to share information and materials that you receive by or through the Site with any third party other than through the general, non-commercial methods permitted by the Site. For example, the Site permits you to share links to content through a sharing tool available on certain pages of the Site. LINKS TO OTHER SITES Our Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services. CHILDREN’S PRIVACY Our Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personal identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, we advise you to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately, after they are posted on this page. ABILITY TO ACCEPT By using the Site, you affirm that you are competent to accept, and have accepted, the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy. OTHER AUTHORIZED DISCLOSURE Notwithstanding anything in this Privacy Policy to the contrary, you understand and agree that PSSI may collect, use, preserve and disclose any information (including, without limitation, Usage Data and Personal Information): (1) in response to subpoenas, court orders, legal process or when otherwise required by law, or to establish, protect, or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims in PSSI’s sole discretion, (2) to protect the rights and property of PSSI or the public, including the enforcement of this Privacy Policy and any other agreement we may have with you or your organization (as applicable), (3) if we believe it is necessary in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding unauthorized distribution of another’s intellectual property or information, illegal activities, fraud, or situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person (provided, however, that we have no obligation to do so), or (4) that is available to the general public. PSSI may, from time to time, assign or transfer all or a portion of the Usage Data and/or Personal Information and its rights and obligations hereunder to one or more third parties (whether in connection with a sale of assets, a merger or otherwise), in which case the successor or assignee will agree to abide by the obligations under this Privacy Policy with respect to the Usage Data and Personal Information transferred to such successor or assignee (unless otherwise agreed to by you and such successor or assignee). Any information shared by you with us may be shared with or transferred to any PSSI affiliated entity or third-party provider (including those located outside the European Union), no matter where located, for the purpose of providing you services and improving the Site. By using the Site, you consent to this transfer and acknowledge that the services provided to you and the functionality of the Site could not be provided without such a transfer. If you do not wish your information to be transferred in this way do not use the Site. In addition to the other uses and disclosures of information set forth in this Privacy Policy, and notwithstanding anything in this Privacy Policy to the contrary, we may use, disclose, assign and transfer for any purpose, any Non-Personal Information. CONTACT US If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us.
PSSI Food Guardian eNewsletter