https://www.impero.co.za/company/privacy-policy
IMPERO CONSULTING | EXCELOVATE // EXCEL / INNOVATE / RADIATE
HOME
COMPANY
SERVICES
CHARITY
CAREERS
CONTACT
For all official information and updates regarding COVID-19, visit the South African Department of Health's website at www.SAcoronavirus.co.za
Impero Consulting privacy policy
To protect your personal information, prevent spam, and adhere to applicable laws, Impero instates the following privacy policy.
Applicable laws and guides
We are taking the provisions of the Consumer Protection Act of South Africa very seriously. Please see below how we aim to protect your privacy and other rights as a user of our services.
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, subscribe to our newsletter, respond to a survey or fill out a form.
When registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number, ID number passport number, or other information necessary to complete our contracts.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience - your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs
To improve our website - we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you
To improve customer service - your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs
To process transactions - your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature.
To send periodic emails - the email address you provide may be used to send you requested information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions. We do not tolerate spam, and will not send you unsolicited e-mail.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you enter, submit, or access your personal information. We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to?keep the information confidential. After a transaction, your private information is kept on file and stored securely.
Do we use cookies?
Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. We use cookies to understand and save your preferences for future visits and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to unauthorised outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites. We do not provide these third party sites with your personally identifyable information, but may provide them with demographics of our broad user base, such as percentage of males or females, age groups, etc.
Children's Online Privacy Protection
We do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Terms and Conditions
Please also visit our terms and conditions. section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our website's privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will update the Privacy Policy modification date below.
This policy was last modified on 04 July 2016
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
https://www.impero.co.za
Building 2, Unit Left Floor, Fancourt Office Park
Northriding, Gauteng 2169
South Africa
Email: value@impero.co.za
EXCELOVATE  |  EXCEL · INNOVATE · RADIATE
© 2012 - 2020 Impero Consulting, all rights reserved.
HOME
COMPANY
SERVICES
CHARITY
CAREERS
CONTACT
terms and conditions
access to information
refund policy
privacy policy