http://www.laserpros.com/terms-of-use
Home
Shop Now
Fuser & Maintenance Kit
Fuser & Maintenance Kit
Fuser
Maintenance Kit
Fuser Part & Component
PC / Logic Board
PC / Logic Board
Logic Board/Formatter
DC Controller
Power Supply
Memory
PCB
Scanner Control Board
Fax PCA
Copy Processor Board
LIU Board
Wireless Print Accessory
Hard Drive/Mass Storage
External Panel & Cover
External Panel & Cover
External Panel
Control Panel
Keyboard
Paper Tray
Paper Tray
Paper Tray
Paper Tray Component
Paper Path Part
Paper Path Part
Roller
Pad
Pickup Assembly
Registration Assembly
Output Assembly
Feeder Assembly
Other Paper Path Part
Internal Part & Component
Internal Part & Component
Drive Assembly
Laser Scanner/Print Head
Motor
Fan
Solenoid
Sensor
Gear
Cable
Other Internal Part
Printer - Whole Unit
Toner & Ink
Toner & Ink
Toner
Drum
Toner Collection Unit
Developer
Network Interface
Network Interface
JetDirect
Accessory
Accessory
Sheet Feeder
Duplexer
Envelope Feeder
Stapler
Finisher
Fax Accessory
Printer Stand/Cabinet
Flatbed Scanner & ADF Assembly
Flatbed Scanner & ADF Assembly
Flatbed Scanner
ADF Assembly
ADF Part
Scanner Control Board
Image Transfer
Image Transfer
Transfer Belt
Transfer Roller
Charge Roller
DesignJet/Plotter Part
DesignJet/Plotter Part
Carriage Belt
Service Station
Other DesignJet/Plotter Part
OfficeJet Pro
OfficeJet Pro
Other OfficeJet Pro Part
Technical Resources
Contact Us
Blog
Laser Pros International | Laser Printer Parts>Term Of Use
Web Site Terms and Conditions of Use
1. Terms
By accessing this web site, you are agreeing to be bound by these
web site Terms and Conditions of Use, all applicable laws and regulations,
and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local
laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from
using or accessing this site. The materials contained in this web site are
protected by applicable copyright and trade mark law.
2. Use License
Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials
(information or software) on Laser Pros International Corporation's web site for personal,
non-commercial transitory viewing only. This is the grant of a license,
not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not:
modify or copy the materials;use the materials for any commercial purpose, or for any public display (commercial or non-commercial);attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on Laser Pros International Corporation's web site;remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials; ortransfer the materials to another person or "mirror" the materials on any other server.This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by Laser Pros International Corporation at any time. Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether in electronic or printed format.
3. Disclaimer
The materials on Laser Pros International Corporation's web site are provided "as is". Laser Pros International Corporation makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties, including without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights. Further, Laser Pros International Corporation does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its Internet web site or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site.
4. Limitations
In no event shall Laser Pros International Corporation or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption,) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on Laser Pros International Corporation's Internet site, even if Laser Pros International Corporation or a Laser Pros International Corporation authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.
5. Revisions and Errata
The materials appearing on Laser Pros International Corporation's web site could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. Laser Pros International Corporation does not warrant that any of the materials on its web site are accurate, complete, or current. Laser Pros International Corporation may make changes to the materials contained on its web site at any time without notice. Laser Pros International Corporation does not, however, make any commitment to update the materials.
6. Links
Laser Pros International Corporation has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its Internet web site and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Laser Pros International Corporation of the site. Use of any such linked web site is at the user's own risk.
7. Site Terms of Use Modifications
Laser Pros International Corporation may revise these terms of use for its web site at any time without notice. By using this web site you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these Terms and Conditions of Use.
8. Governing Law
Any claim relating to Laser Pros International Corporation's web site shall be governed by the laws of the State of Wisconsin without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
General Terms and Conditions applicable to Use of a Web Site.
Privacy Policy
Laser Pros International
recognizes the fundamental importance of privacy, security and data
protection of our customers and partners worldwide. As an international
organization, we strive to utilize consistent, rigorous policies and
procedures to provide protections across all of our operations.This
privacy statement serves to inform you of our privacy practices and
manner in which we collect and use information collected about you
during your online activity. Data may be collected from your online
activity, use of devices, and any information provided to Laser Pros for
reasons of doing business, recruitment and employment opportunities. This
Privacy Statement does not apply to third-party applications, products,
services, websites or social media features that may be accessed
through links we provide on our Laser Pros website. Accessing those
links will require departure from Laser Pros and could result in the
collection or sharing of information about you by a third-party. We do
not regulate or authorize third-party websites or their privacy
practices. We
encourage you to review the privacy policy of any site you interact with
before allowing the collection and use of your personal data.
Powered by k-eCommerce for Dynamics GP