http://www.integratedminds.com/privacypolicy.asp
For Sales Call:
973-897-9006
Networking & Internet
Technical Support
Web Services
Customer Portfolio
Testimonials
Free Website Consultation
Frequently Asked Questions
PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Integrated Minds collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users of this website (each, a "User").
Privacy
Users’ privacy is very important to Integrated Minds. Integrated Minds is committed to safeguarding the information Users entrust to Integrated Minds. This website is not directed at anyone under 18 years of age.
The Information We Collect
Integrated Minds may collect personally identifiable information from Users in a variety of ways, including through online forms for ordering products and services, and other instances where Users are invited to volunteer such information. Integrated Minds may also collect information about how Users use our Website, for example, by tracking the number of unique views received by the pages of the website or the domains from which Users originate. We may use "cookies" to track how Users use our website. A cookie is a piece of software that a Web server can store on the Users’ PC and use to identify the User should they visit the website again. While not all of the information that we collect from Users is personally identifiable, it may be associated with personally identifiable information that Users provide us through our website.
How We Use Information
Integrated Minds may use personally identifiable information collected through our Website to contact Users regarding products and services offered by Integrated Minds and its trusted affiliates, independent contractors and business partners, and otherwise to enhance Users’ experience with Integrated Minds and such affiliates, independent contractors and business partners. Integrated Minds may also use information collected through our website for research regarding the effectiveness of the website and the marketing, advertising and sales efforts of Integrated Minds, its trusted affiliates, independent contractors and business partners.
Disclosure of Information
Integrated Minds may disclose information collected from Users to trusted affiliates, independent contractors and business partners who will use the information for the purposes outlined above. We may also disclose aggregate, anonymous data based on information collected from Users to investors and potential partners. Finally, we may transfer information collected from Users in connection with a sale of Integrated Minds’s business.
Maintenance of Information
Information about Users that is maintained on our systems is protected using industry standard security measures. However, we cannot guarantee that the information submitted to, maintained on, or transmitted from our systems will be completely secure.
Questions
Please direct any questions concerning this Privacy Policy to privacy@integratedminds.com.
Ask a question
For Sales Call
973-897-9006
Home |
Web Services |
Networking & Internet |
Technical Support |
Contact
Member of CPPC (Claims Prevention & Procedure Council)
Copyright © 1998-2009 Integrated Minds. All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Back to the Top
Privacy Policy