http://www.fractalink.com/privacy-policy
Home
case studies
core team
team
clients
contact us
live team
live team
EXPERIENCE
DESIGN AND
CONSULTANCY
privacy policy
This Privacy Policy shall be read in conjunction and together with the Terms of Use available on www.fractalink.com (‘Website’) and forms an integral part of the user agreement
between You and Fractalink Design Studio Private Limited (the 'Company'). Capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meaning attributed to them under the Terms of Use.
By accessing and/or using the Website, You signify Your agreement to accept this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with any or all of the following terms of the privacy policy, please do not access and/or use the Website.
Providing information to Us is Your choice. You understand that any data, information, content or information that You post, submit or upload to the Website shall be visible to other Users of the Website and will be stored
on Company’s servers for the purposes of making the Website available to You. Please do not post, submit or upload to the Website any data, information, content or information which would include any Personal Information
and Sensitive Personal Data or Information that You do not wish to be made available to the Company or to the public at the large.
If You do not agree with any or all of the terms of this Privacy Policy, please do not provide any information to Us. If at any time You wish to discontinue Your access of the Website, You are free to do so. Further, if You
require You can choose to have the Personal Information provided by You deleted by writing to EMAIL.com. You always have the choice to opt-out of receiving communications from the Website by writing to EMAIL.com.
We reserve the right, at Our sole discretion, to change or modify this Privacy Policy at any time without prior notice. Such changes and/or modifications shall become effective immediately upon being posted/published on the
Website herein.
Please review the Privacy Policy from time-to-time. Your continued use of the Website following the posting of changes and/or modifications will constitute Your acceptance of any revised Privacy Policy. The Company retains
the right at any time to deny or suspend access to all or part of the Website to anyone who the Company believes has violated any condition of this Privacy Policy.
The terms "Personal Information" and "Sensitive Personal Data or Information" shall have the meaning ascribed to it under the applicable laws of India.
SENSITIVE PERSONAL DATA OR INFORMATION
The company will never ask you and you must never provide sensitive personal data or information to the company or to any person/entity representing the company. Any disclosure of sensitive personal data or
information shall be at your sole risk and without any liability to the company (including its directors, key managerial personnel, officers and employees). You understand, acknowelge and agree that the
company or any other person acting on behalf of the company shall not in any manner be responsible for the authenticity of the personal information or sensitive personal data or information provided by you
to the company.
You must not disclose your:
passwords;
financial information such as bank account details, credit card details, debit card details, secure pin number, passwords, etc.;
physical, physiological and mental health condition;
sexual orientation;
medical records and history;
biometric information;
national identification numbers;
and such other sensitive personal data or information.
Users must note that any information that is freely available or accessible in public domain shall not be regarded as Personal Information or Sensitive Personal Data or Information for the purposes of this Privacy
Policy and the Company shall not be obliged to take any measures to protect the same since the same is freely available in the public domain.
Please note that identity theft and the practice currently known as "phishing" are of great concern to the Company. We do not and will not, at any time, request Your credit card information/debit card information/financial
pin numbers and passwords.
PERSONAL INFORMATION
The primary purpose of collection of Personal Information set out hereinbelow and other information set out in hereinbelow, is to allow You to access and use the Website.
We may obtain information about Your name, email address, date of birth, age, device, device id, contact details, gender, location, pin code, area code, occupation, provided by You either on the Website and/or
which may be available to the Company or other Users as a result of You publishing User Material on the Website and/or which may be available to the Company if You access the Website through any linked social
media platforms;
We may also obtain information about You, from any e-mails, letters, communication, etc. that You send to Us. We may also obtain information collected by cookies or similar technologies
We may receive information that You submit to any Third-Party Website You access from links contained within the Website. You should check the privacy policy of such Third-Party Websites to find out how they
will use Your personal information and sensitive personal data or information. The Company shall not be responsible or liable for use or misuse of the same by Third-Party Websites.
We may obtain information about Your IP address, operating system, browser type, browser version, browser configuration, name of internet service provider, and other types of computer and connection related
information relevant to identifying Your type of device, geographic location, usage history, etc.
We may also obtain information about how the Website is used by You and all other individual usage patterns on the Website.
If You access the Website through a social media platform, We may collect Your user ID or user name, any information You have permitted the social media service to share with Us, and any information You have
made public with the social media service. In such a case, You undertake to comply to the Terms of Use including the Privacy Policy of the Website and any additional terms and conditions stipulated by such
social media platforms. In the event of any inconsistency, the Terms of Use including the Privacy Policy of the Website shall prevail to the extent of conflict.
We may combine Your personal information with information collected from Tracking Technologies and aggregate it with information collected from other users using the Website to attempt to provide You with a
better experience on the Website. You understand, agree and acknowledge that Our collection, storage and processing of Your personal information is for a lawful purpose connected with the functioning of
the Website. You hereby consent to the collection, storage, use, disclosure, transfer, processing of the personal information for the purposes set out herein.
We may disclose your personal information in the circumstances set out below and you hereby consent to the same to be shared with:
any third-party service provider to whom disclosure is necessary to enable Us to provide You with the services which You wish to access on or through the Website;
any person/entity to whom disclosure is necessary in accordance with applicable law;
any government or statutory authority or court of law or judicial forum to whom disclosure is necessary in accordance with applicable law;
in circumstances We believe necessary or appropriate to respond to valid claims and legal process, to protect the property and rights of the Company, to protect the safety of the public or any person or User, or to prevent or stop any illegal, unethical
or legally actionable activity;
any person/entity to whom disclosure is necessary to enable Us to enforce Our rights;
to Our associate companies, business partners, agents or third parties for the purposes of the services or for any other marketing and promotional activity undertaken by or on behalf of the Company;
any entity that legally acquires the Company or its Website.
We understand the importance of data security and We want Your browsing experience with Us to be as safe as possible. We have implemented reasonable safeguards and precautions to protect Your personal information.
Please understand that, while we strive to protect your personal data against potential risks and exposures, there is no absolute security in the online/ internet sphere. Therefore, you must not disclose any
Information on the webiste that is sensitive personal data or information. You understand that the transmission of information over the internet is not completely secure and there are risks associated with
It. Although we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of the same while it is being transmitted to our website and any transmission is at your own risk.
COOKIES
By default, your web browser will accept cookies, however this can be altered by you. You have the option of enabling or disabling cookies in your web browser. If you do not want us to install cookies, you may
Change the settings on your web browser to disable cookies. However please note that if you disable cookies, you may not be able to use all of the features of the website.
The Website and/or third parties may use "Cookies", and other similar tracking technologies (collectively, "Tracking Technologies") to collect information automatically as You browse the Website and the internet.
For the purposes of this clause below terms have the meanings as set out below:
By visiting the Website whether as a registered user or otherwise, You acknowledge, understand and hereby agree that You are giving us Your consent to track Your activities and Your use of the Website through
these Tracking Technologies.
Cookie and IP address information may be transferred to the responding data centers outside the territory of India as well and these may include countries where applicable data protection laws provide a lesser
degree of protection than India. In the event of any inconsistency, the Terms of Use including the Privacy Policy of the Website shall prevail to the extent of conflict only.
THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES
This Website may contain links to other Websites owned and operated by third parties which are not under the control of the Company ("THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES").
The website may contain links to other third-party websites which are not under the control of the company. Any service you visit by a link from the website is solely the responsibility of the third party providing
The service. The content of, including materials and information contained on, any third party website to which you link from the website is solely the responsibility of the provider of that third party
Website. Any transactions that you enter into with a third party listed in this website or linked from this website are solely between you and that third party. The company is not responsible for any such
Third-party website, any products or services sold or provided by such third party website, nor the organizations publishing those third party websites, and hereby disclaim any responsibility and liability
For the same. The inclusion of any links does not constitute or imply an endorsement or recommendation by us of the third-party, of the quality of any product or service, advice, information or other materials
Displayed, purchased, or obtained by you as a result of an advertisement or any other information or offer in or in connection with the third party website. The company and website shall not be liable, accountable
Or responsible for your personal information and/or sensitive personal data or information being used or misused by such third-party website.
Your access and usage of any third-party websites is entirely at your own risk. The company shall not be a party to any transaction between you and a third-party service.
Your use of a Third-Party Website is subject to the terms and conditions and privacy policy of that site in addition to these Terms of Use. In the event of any inconsistency between the governing terms and conditions,
the Terms of Use including the Privacy Policy of the Website shall prevail to the extent of conflict.
If You do not consent to any part of the privacy terms herein or wish to withdraw consent to process Your information then You may stop using the Website and ask Us to remove the Your information from Our records
by writing to us at EMAIL.com.
In case You have any grievance with respect to the Website, You can send Us an email notification to our grievance officer at ganga.sagar@fractalink.com
You have full control regarding which emails You want to receive. If You decide at any time that You no longer wish to receive such emails from Us, please write to Us instructing an Opt-Out. Please note that
once We receive Your request, it may take an additional period of time for Your opt-out to become effective.
If You have any further questions, queries with respect to the Website or our services, then such correspondence should be directed to the grievance officer at ganga.sagar@fractalink.com
EXPERIENCE
DESIGN AND
CONSULTANCY
WHAT MAKESFRACTAL
Home
Case Studies
Core Team
Team
Contact Us
case studies
D'decor
Catch Media
5nance
Aditya Birla Payment Bankings
Maruti
Voot
Raymond
Goqii
KNOWLEDGE AT FRACTAL
Blogs
media & awards
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Sitemap
CONTENT © COPYRIGHT .