https://www.bmtmicro.com/privacy-policy/
BMT Micro, Inc., respects the privacy of our partners, clients and their customers. Any and all information collected through our system is treated with the utmost care.
BMT Micro, Inc. may ask customers, depending on the payment method, to supply various personal data when placing an order, such as name and address, credit-card information, and E-mail address. We use this data only for the purpose of filling an order, or communicating with the customer or supplier about the status of an order.
In order to comply with the law or to protect against fraud, we will release personally identifiable information to third parties and organizations, when we believe it is appropriate for us to do so. We will also release such information to cooperate with law enforcement or other governmental investigations (without necessarily requiring the requesting law enforcement or government agency to formally serve us with a subpoena), to comply with all valid court orders or subpoenas, to protect our legal rights and those of our users, or when we believe it is needed for fraud protection and/or credit risk reduction.
Except for the circumstances set forth in the previous paragraph, we will not knowingly distribute customer information to be used in mailing lists, surveys, or any other purpose other than what is required to perform our services.
What information does BMT collect? How do we use it?
When ordering from BMT Micro, Inc., we must collect the purchaser’s name, email address, mailing address, phone number and credit card information. This allows us to process and fulfill orders and provide notification of the order status.
We may also collect and store, for a limited time and for the purpose of serving our customers, e.g. correspondence sent to us regarding orders or ordering, as well as requested authentication (such as proof of ID to verify an order, if the order information is inconsistent or indicates potential fraud). We do not share any customer information, other than as required by law or as required to fill the order and perform our services. Customer information such as name, address, telephone number, and email may be shared with software suppliers (our “vendors”) in relation to the sale of the supplied product through BMT Micro. We do not permit our vendors to share customer information with any other party, or use this information for any other purpose than to fill the order and/or to provide assistance to customers e.g. in matters of technical support. Our vendors are required to adhere to the same high privacy standards as BMT Micro or their accounts with us will be terminated.
Every BMT Micro customer is given access to a BMT Micro customer account. The information in such accounts is limited to customer name, email, and order history. Every account is secured through technological encryption barriers and behind individual passwords and logins, which the customers themselves can modify at their discretion. Any and all BMT Micro customer accounts can and will be deleted upon customer request. Such requests can be made to webmaster@bmtmicro.com.
Every BMT Micro customer is given access to a BMT Micro customer account. The information in such accounts is limited to customer name, email, and order history. Every account is secured through technological encryption barriers and behind individual passwords and logins, which the customers themselves can modify at their discretion. Any and all BMT Micro customer accounts can and will be deleted upon customer request. Such requests can be made to webmaster@bmtmicro.com.
How does BMT Micro, Inc. protect customer information?
Customers who buy through the BMT Micro, Inc. system are shopping on a secure server, which encrypts all of the customer’s personal information, including name, address and credit card number. Encryption ensures that no one can access or use personal information in an unauthorized manner.
Our commerce system was developed in-house, with security as the foremost concern.
BMT Micro, Inc. has made an investment in protecting our clients’ and customers’ information, utilizing the following technologies:
Firewall
Firewalls allow the use of authenticated access and can prevent certain types of traffic from entering the private network. Customizing the firewall according to the network topology is essential to having a useful firewall protection mechanism.
SSL (Secure Socket Layers)
Because we accept sensitive information from end-users, such as passwords and credit card numbers, BMT Micro, Inc.’s site uses SSL. This logic encrypts the data being sent to the server from the browser, using high-level encryption technology. Once the data is received from customers on the BMT Micro, Inc. network, it may be required that the data be maintained for a certain period of time inside our private network. Encrypting the data means it cannot be viewed in plain text.
Security Metrics
BMT Micro is reviewed quarterly by Security Metrics to ensure that high security standards are maintained. Security Metrics tests for over 4400 security weaknesses!
EU GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation) and Brazilian LGPD (Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados Pessoais)
Per this privacy policy and the internal company guidelines on the handling and protection of customer confidentiality, BMT Micro adheres to all EU GDPR and Brazilian LGPD rules on handling of customer data and data protection practices. We maintain the highest standards in protecting our customers’ confidentiality and personal privacy. Our internal company policy contains clearly defined procedures on how to handle confidential data, ensuring that our customers’ privacy is respected and maintained at every turn. We have a designated Data Privacy Officer (DPO) whose task it is to ensure the security of all transactions and systems. This DPO is the Owner and Chief Programmer of BMT Micro, Peter Nielsen.
BMT Micro requires the same level of safety and data protection adherence of all partnering software suppliers (“vendors”), who may come in contact with customer data during or after the software purchasing process, e.g. in the eventuality of technical support requests or for the purpose of order fulfillment. Each partnering software supplier shall have their own designated DPO responsible for maintaining and ensuring all data protection procedures for customer privacy. Per BMT Micro policy, if no other DPO is assigned, the official holder of the vendor account, or owner of the software products, shall be held responsible as DPO.
IT IS HEREBY UNDERSTOOD THAT ANY CUSTOMER, INDIVIDUAL OR ENTITY, MAKING OR INITIATING A PURCHASE THROUGH THE E-COMMERCE SERVICES OF BMT MICRO AND ITS PARTNERING SOFTWARE SUPPLIERS, CONSENTS TO THE ABOVE AND TO THE COLLECTION OF CUSTOMER DATA AS REQUIRED ON THE ORDER FORM FOR THE PURPOSE OF PROCESSING AND FILLING THE ORDER. ANY CUSTOMER WHO DOES NOT CONSENT SHOULD NOT PROCEED WITH ANY SUCH PURCHASE OR PURCHASE ATTEMPT.
Customers can obtain records of their purchase history or personal data, as collected for the above mentioned purposes of processing an order or software purchase initiated by the customer, e.g. by logging into their BMT Micro customer account at https://customers.bmtmicro.com or by making a written request to webmaster@bmtmicro.com. Customer records will not be released unless the identity of the requester can be positively confirmed.
BMT Micro does not collect data on minors, as we do not permit purchases made by minors. IT IS HEREBY UNDERSTOOD THAT ALL INDIVIDUALS ENGAGING IN PURCHASING THROUGH BMT MICRO ARE AT LEAST 18 YEARS OF AGE OR, IF A MINOR IS INVOLVED IN THE PURCHASE PROCESS, THAT THE MINOR IS ACCOMPANIED BY HIS/HER LEGAL GUARDIAN, HAS THE COMPLETE CONSENT OF SUCH GUARDIAN TO PROCEED WITH THE PURCHASE OR PURCHASE ATTEMPT, AND THAT THE LEGAL GUARDIAN ACKNOWLEDGES COMPLETE OWNERSHIP AND RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE INFORMATION ADDED ONTO THE ORDER FORM.
For more information on how BMT Micro protects your privacy, please do not hesitate to contact cservice@bmtmicro.com or webmaster@bmtmicro.com.
What about cookies?
“Cookies” are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer’s hard drive. BMT Micro, Inc.’s cookies are used only to aid in purchasing and do not store any specific customer traits. These cookies do not store sensitive data. Cookies are P3P enabled to ensure security.
(Privacy Policy updated August 12, 2020)
TOP