http://www.quentinsagerconsulting.com/privacypolicy1.htm
Toggle navigationQuentin Sager Consulting™
Telephone Data Products NALENND® NPA NXX DatabasesLocal Calling Area DatabaseTelephone Number Type IdentifierUnited States NPA NXX to ZIP CodeCanadian NPA NXX to Postal CodeITED™ International TelephoneUnited States, Canada, Mexico
Postal Code Data Products United States ZIP CodesZIP+4 Multi-County DatabaseCanadian Postal CodesUnited States & Canada CombinedCombined United States, Canada, Mexico
Lookups Area Code & Prefix by LocationNPA NXX Basic LookupNPA NXX Advanced LookupNPA NXX Historical ChangesNPA NXX to ZIP CodeLocal Calling AreasWireless Number ScrubberNorth American Area CodesContact Us Sign In
HomePrivacy PolicyOnline Privacy Statement
Quentin Sager Consulting Inc. respects your privacy and is committed to protecting information you share with us. We provide this Privacy Statement to inform you of our Privacy Policy and practices and of the choices you can make about the way your information is collected online and how that information is used. We make this notice readily available from every Web page on our website.
We use your information to provide our products and services to you. By using our website and services, you agree to the collection and use of your information in accordance with this policy.
Sites covered by this privacy statement
This Privacy Statement applies to all Quentin Sager Consulting Inc. owned websites and domains, ("our websites",) which includes www.quentinsagerconsulting.com.
Links to non-Quentin Sager Consulting websites
We may provide links to third-party websites for your convenience and information. If you access those links, you will leave our website. Quentin Sager Consulting does not control those sites or their privacy practices, which may differ from ours. We do not make any representations about third-party websites. The personal data you choose to give to unrelated third-parties is not covered by our Privacy Statement. We encourage you to review the privacy policy of any company before submitting your personal information.
Types of information we collect
We have structured our websites so that, in general, you can visit us on the Web without identifying yourself or revealing any personal information. This Privacy Statement covers personal information, non-personal data collection and aggregate reporting.
Personal information is information that is associated with your name or personal identity. We collect personal information from you when you contact us with questions about our products and services and when you purchase a product or service from us, download a product you have purchased from us or access a service you have subscribed to through our websites.
The types of personal information we request when you ask about or purchase our products and services may include your name, address, phone number, e-mail address, user IDs and passwords, billing and transaction information, or credit card information. When collected, we process and store this personal information on our servers in the United States of America.
Non-personal information is data about usage and service operation that is not associated with a specific personal identity. When you browse our Web pages or use our services, our servers automatically record information that your browser sends whenever you visit a website. These server logs may include information such as your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request.
Cookies, Web beacons and other technologies
Cookies can be "persistent" or "session" cookies. Persistent cookies are stored as simple text files and remain on your personal computer or mobile device when you go offline. Session cookies, also known as an in-memory cookies, exist only in temporary memory and are deleted as soon as you close your web browser.
We use a session cookie named MerchantToolbox when you log in to our website to access your product download; and when you use our online shopping cart in order to track the items you place in your shopping cart.
Most browsers automatically accept cookies by default. You can usually refuse cookies or selectively accept certain cookies by adjusting the preferences in your browser. If you turn off cookies, you may not be able to use our online shopping cart and you will not be able to log in to our website to download your purchase.
We do not use and explicitly forbid others from using Web beacons, clear GIF or similar technologies to track user movement on or through our website.
"Do Not Track" Signals
We do not support Do Not Track ("DNT"). Do Not Track is a preference you can set in your web browser to inform websites that you do not want to be tracked.
You can enable or disable Do Not Track by visiting the Preferences or Settings page of your web browser.
Children's privacy
We do not target our products or online services to children, especially to children under 13 years of age; and do not knowingly collect information from children under 13. We are committed to protecting the privacy needs of children and we encourage parents and guardians to take an active role in their children's online activities and interests. If we become aware that we have collected personal information from children we remove that information from our servers.
How we use your information
We use your personal information solely for its intended purpose; the online ordering and purchasing of our products or services, to communicate with you about a specific product or service you have purchased from us, to answer your specific questions about our products and services.
Your name, billing address, phone number, and credit card information is used only for payment processing and fraud prevention. We may use your phone number to contact you to confirm your online purchase of our products or services or to answer your specific questions about our products or services.
We use your e-mail address only to communicate with you about a specific product or service you have purchased from us or to answer your specific inquiry about our products or services.
We use non-personal data, such as our server logs, to aid in monitoring and maintaining our website's security. We additionally aggregate this data to determine our website's usability, performance and effectiveness which helps us improve the customer experience and the site's content.
Who we share your information with
Quentin Sager Consulting will not sell, rent or lease your personal information to others. Our disclosure of personal information to third-parties is restricted to Authorize.net payment gateway services for payment processing when you purchase our products and services online. Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at https://www.authorize.net/company/privacy/
Quentin Sager Consulting will not share personal information with any other third-parties without your permission, unless to: (i) respond to duly authorized information requests of governmental authorities; (ii) comply with any law, regulation, subpoena, or court order, (iii) help prevent fraud or to enforce or protect the rights and properties of Quentin Sager Consulting or its subsidiaries; or (iv) to protect the personal safety of our employees.
We use third-party services (e.g. Google Analytics) to analyze the use of our website and online service. Non-personal data we collect, such as our server logs, is for our internal use only. We will however share this data on a need-to-know only basis to third-parties, such as network administrators, when investigating network or server abuse, fraudulent and/or criminal behavior.
Circumstances may arise where, whether for strategic or other business reasons, Quentin Sager Consulting decides to sell, buy, merge or otherwise reorganize its business. Such a transaction may involve the disclosure of personal information to prospective or actual purchasers, or receiving it from sellers. It is Quentin Sager Consulting's practice to seek appropriate protection for information in these types of transactions.
Your privacy preferences, choices and opting out
Quentin Sager Consulting does not use, nor do we intend to use, e-mail campaigns, newsletters, special offers and promotions, product announcements (except update and renewal notifications to those users subscribing to our products and services), marketing surveys or similar methods to communicate with its customers.
Access to and accuracy of your information
Quentin Sager Consulting strives to keep your personal information accurate. We make good faith efforts to provide you with access to your personal information and either to correct this data if it is inaccurate or to delete such data at your request if it is not otherwise required to be retained by law or for legitimate business purposes.
We ask individuals to identify themselves and the information requested to be accessed, corrected or removed before processing such requests, and we may decline to process requests that are unreasonably repetitive or systematic, require disproportionate technical effort, or would jeopardize the privacy of others.
Where we provide information access and correction, we perform this service free of charge, except if doing so would require a disproportionate effort.
Data Retention
Quentin Sager Consulting is committed to protecting the information you provide us. We have information systems that collect and store customer information in addition to systems that store our own business records. These systems have different types of security as appropriate for the information stored. Quentin Sager Consulting requires employees to keep customer information confidential and we hold them accountable for their actions.
We retain some of the personal information you provide to us when you purchase our products or services. We do not retain or otherwise store your credit card information. We do however retain information such as your name, address, phone number, e-mail address, and passwords or user ID in order to service subscriptions and deliver products you have purchased from us.
We will retain your personal information to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.
We may retain non-personal Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. This data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when it is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of our website and online services, or we are legally obligated to it for longer periods.
Verification and Enforcement of this policy
Quentin Sager Consulting regularly reviews its compliance with this Privacy Policy through self-assessment to insure its reflects a true and accurate statement of our practices.
Please feel free to direct any questions or concerns regarding this Policy or our treatment of personal information by contacting us through this website or by writing to us at Quentin Sager Consulting Inc., 1589 S Wallace Point, Crystal River, Florida, 34429, USA.
It is our policy and practice to cooperate with the appropriate legal and regulatory authorities that provide for the handling of individual complaints and dispute resolution, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of personal data that cannot be resolved between Quentin Sager Consulting and an individual.
Changes to this Statement
If there are updates to the terms of Quentin Sager Consulting's Privacy Policy or statement, we will post those changes and update the revision date of this document so you will always know what information we collect, how we use it, and what choices you have. For material changes to this Statement, Quentin Sager Consulting will provide notification to affected customers.
Last updated: November 5, 2018
Related Information
About Us
Our Clients
Terms of Use