https://www.sgo.es/privacy-policy-statement/
Privacy Policy Statement – SGO
Skip to content
NewsProductsMistika UltimaMistika BoutiqueMistika VRMistika WorkflowsMistika ReviewDVO Tools for MistikaAboutAbout UsPartnersOn ScreenEULAPrivacy PolicyLearnEducational ProgramKnowledge BaseTutorialsManualsMistika MasterclassCommunityForumsContactShopCheckoutLog In Search for:
Privacy Policy StatementAdrián González Díaz2019-11-03T17:05:12+02:00PRIVACY POLICY STATEMENT(LAST UPDATED MAY 21ST, 2018)SGO has created this Privacy Policy Statement in order to inform you of our commitment to privacy and to describe our policies for the collection, use, and disclosure of personal information that may be collected by SGO when you visit our websites or use certain SGO products.PLEASE REVIEW THIS PRIVACY POLICY BEFORE USING THIS SITE. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH OUR PRIVACY POLICY, DO NOT USE THE SITE. BY SUBMITTING ANY PERSONAL INFORMATION TO THE SITE, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY STATEMENT.Website visitorsLike most website operators, SGO collects non-personally-identifiable information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request.SGO’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifiable information is to better understand how SGO’s visitors use its website. SGO also collects potentially personally-identifiable information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, to help us administer the sites and to compile statistics such as the number of visitors.SGO does not use such information to identify its visitors and does not disclose such information, other than under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifiable information, as described below.Aggregated StatisticsSGO may collect general statistics about the behavior of visitors to its website(s). SGO aggregates information provided by you to create anonymous statistical and demographic data. This anonymous data helps SGO to understand and know its customer base better. Some SGO products use Google Analytics for the collection of anonymous data. Learn more about how Google uses data collected using Google Analytics. Gathering of Personally-Identifiable InformationCertain visitors to SGO’s websites choose to interact with SGO in ways that require SGO to gather personally-identifiable information. The amount and type of information that  SGO gathers depends on the nature of the interaction.For example, we ask visitors who sign up at SGO’s website or for the SGO forum to provide a username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with SGO are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions.In each case, SGO collects such information only as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with SGO.SGO does not disclose personally-identifiable information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifiable information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities. SGO does not keep a copy of any credit card information once a transaction is complete.Submission of Personal InformationCertain portions of the site may require you submit some personal information, such as your name and email address, before using those portions of the site. At minimum, you are typically required to register with the site and provide your name or email address before using any of the members only areas of the site. For some services, such as forums, customer support features, registering for events or contests, downloading software or uploading content, you may have to create an account, and submit additional personal information such as your email address.Use of Personal InformationSGO uses information it collects to provide the services and information, to better understand its customers, to provide better products and services, and to assist with site administration, such as with troubleshooting any problems, detecting fraud, resolving disputes, and for any purposes deemed necessary or required by SGO to enforce the Terms of Use and other terms or conditions applicable to any portion of the site.We also use this information to send you information about SGO, or other topics SGO thinks may be of interest to you, such as product information or updates.Protection of Certain Personally-Identifiable InformationSGO discloses potentially personally-identifiable and personally-identifiable information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on SGO’s behalf or to provide services available at SGO’s websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others.Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using SGO’s website, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. SGO will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifiable and personally-identifiable information to anyone.Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, SGO discloses potentially personally-identifiable and personally-identifiable information only when required to do so by law, or when SGO believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of SGO, third parties or the public at large.If you are a registered user of an SGO website and have supplied your email address, SGO may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with SGO and Mistika Technology.We primarily use our forums to communicate product-relevant information. If you send us a request (for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users.SGO takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifiable and personally-identifiable information.CookiesA cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. SGO website uses cookies to help us identify and track visitors, their usage of SGO website, and their website access preferences.SGO website visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using SGO’s website(s), with the drawback that certain features of SGO’s website(s) may not function properly without the aid of cookies.Declining InformationYou can opt out of receiving SGO marketing messages; Please note that it may take us a reasonable amount of time to process your request.Even if you decline to receive information or cancel your account, SGO reserves the right to use the information you previously provided to provide you with the SGO products and services you are eligible to receive and to contact you about administrative matters relating to your use of any portion of the site, your account, or about any issues relating to the Terms of Use, this Privacy Policy, or any other policy then in-effect.SGO’S Links to Other Sites and AdvertisingThis site may display advertisements and/or links to third parties, plug-ins and applications (for example, the ability to sign in with Facebook). SGO is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of those websites. Please refer to that company’s privacy policy for further information.SGO’s SurveysFrom time to time SGO may make online surveys available to users of the site. Participation in those surveys is voluntary. Some online surveys may ask participants for personal information, such as an email address, in addition to requesting answers to survey questions. SGO may use that personal information to contact the participant if necessary, or as otherwise described above. SGO may make the results of any survey publicly available, although SGO will not attribute any particular response to you without your permission.SGO’s Contests and GiveawaysOn occasion SGO may make available to users of the site contests, giveaways, or similar events in which they may qualify for participation. Participation is always voluntary and subject to the applicable rules. The rules may ask participants to provide personal information as a condition of participation. SGO may also make the winner’s names public, as provided in the applicable rules, or as required by law. SGO may also use that information as described above. In some instances, the applicable rules may contain additional or different uses for the information you provide.SGO may permit a third party to sponsor a survey, contest, sweepstakes, or other similar event (“third party event”), such as through posting it on the site. Such third party events are governed solely by any applicable rules, and may require you to provide information to that third party as a condition for participation. While SGO will treat any information it receives in accordance with this Privacy Policy, SGO is not responsible for the information gathered by that third party, and SGO reminds you to review the rules and privacy policies separately applicable to those third party events.CHILDRENSome of SGO’s websites may appeal to or be intended for children; however, we do not wish to receive data from children. We encourage parents and guardians to spend time online with their children and to participate in the interactive activities offered on the sites their children visit. No information should be submitted to, or posted at, SGO’s website by visitors under 18 years of age without the consent of their parent or guardian.Payment informationSGO uses third party payment processors, such as PayPal to process payments made for products and services via the website. All online payments will be conducted in accordance with Payment Card Industry (PCI) data security standards (which are high!) and your billing information (which is only used by these payment processors for the purpose of performing fraud protection) is encrypted before being communicated to them. Subject to the below exceptions, your credit card details are communicated directly from your browser to these payment processors – SGO never (ever!) sees your full Permanent Account Number (PAN). This means that the payment form is either off-site or displayed in a frame on the payment page.For PayPal we only store the tokens required to identify the transaction with PayPal, issue refunds and identify transactions made using PayPal.Contacting the websiteIf you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, you can contact the Manager at the following email: marketing@sgo.esPrivacy Policy ChangesAlthough most changes are likely to be minor, SGO may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in SGO’s sole discretion. SGO encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.ABOUT USFounded in 1993, SGO has been leading the way in developing high-end software solutions in the post-production market for over twenty-two years.CONTACT USOffice: Eraso 23, Madrid, Spain, 28028 Phone: +34 91 542 79 76 E-Mail: info@sgo.es For technical issues please visit our Support Portal. For more information visit our Contact page COPYRIGHT 2020 SGO | PRIVACY POLICY STATEMENTFacebookTwitterYouTubeInstagramLinkedIn
This site uses cookies: Find out more.Okay, thanks
Go to Top