http://www.speedcast.com/cookie-policy/
HomeCookie Policy
Cookie Policy
Back
It may happen, that we automatically store certain data on your computer which are known as “Cookies”, when you visit our website. A Cookie will automatically recognize your computer, when you visit our web site again in the future. Cookies help us in different ways, i.e. in order to tailor a website to better match your interests, to store your password or to save you from the need to re-enter it any time you reach our web site again. Please modify your internet browser accordingly in order to delete all Cookies stored on your hard disk/drive and block Cookies or install a warning any time before a Cookie will be stored, if you do not want to receive Cookies.
Cookies we Collect
A cookie consists of information sent by a web server to a web browser, and stored by the browser. The information is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server. This enables the web server to identify and track the web browser.
We may use both “session” cookies and “persistent” cookies on the website. We will use the session cookies to: keep track of you whilst you navigate the website. We will use the persistent cookies to: enable our website to recognise you when you visit.
Session cookies will be deleted from your computer when you close your browser. Persistent cookies will remain stored on your computer until deleted, or until they reach a specified expiry date.
Google Analytics:
We use Google Analytics to analyse the use of this website. Google Analytics generates statistical and other information about website use by means of cookies, which are stored on users’ computers. The information generated relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of the website. Google will store this information. Google’s privacy policy is available at: http://www.google.com/privacypolicy.html.
Hubspot:
We use Hubspot which collects and stores the information you submit to us via a website form. This information is stored in our Hubspot Customer Relationship Management (CRM) database. The Hubspot privacy policy can be found here: https://legal.hubspot.com/privacy-policy.
LinkedIn Insights:
We use LinkedIn Insights that tracks the interaction of your anonymous browsing behaviors on our site when you visit from a LinkedIn content source. The LinkedIn Privacy Policy can be found here: https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy.
Google Adwords:
We use Google Adwords tracking cookies that tracks the interaction of your anonymous browsing behaviors on our site when you visit from a paid Google content source. Google’s privacy policy is available at: http://www.google.com/privacypolicy.html.
Most browsers allow you to reject all cookies, whilst some browsers allow you to reject just third party cookies. For example, in Internet Explorer you can refuse all cookies by clicking “Tools”, “Internet Options”, “Privacy”, and selecting “Block all cookies” using the sliding selector. Blocking all cookies will, however, have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites, including this one.
Click to learn more about our website privacy policy.