https://www.ampronix.com/terms-conditions/
Ampronix Medical Imaging Technology
Menu
Search
Account
Cart
Search
Account
Sign In
Sign Up
Skip to Content
Call (800) 400-7972
Thank you to all our healthcare professionals. You are the true Heroes!
Compare Products
Ampronix Medical Imaging Technology
Menu
Home
PRODUCTS CamerasCRT MonitorsFilm DigitizersGraphics CardsMonitor DisplaysClinical Review MonitorsPACS Diagnostic Radiology MonitorsMammography MonitorsMulti-Modality MonitorsSurgical Display MonitorsTouchscreen MonitorsDesktop MonitorsLarge-Screen DisplaysDental Display MonitorsSecurity Display MonitorsDigital Signage DisplaysMediaPatient MonitorsVideo PrintersB&W Video PrintersColor Video PrintersDICOM PrintersMedical RecordersMonitor MountsUltrasound SystemsVideo ConvertersBrandsView All BrandsOEM InnovationsCurrent & Pending PatentsInnovation ApplicationsOEM Product Video GalleryOEC Upgrade KitConnectivityCRT to LCD ConversionService & RepairWhy Service & RepairRepair CapabilitiesTechnical Support Videos4K 8MP Repair & ReplacementView All Repair ServicesDealersBecome a DealerGSA SalesAbout UsPerformance CapabilitiesMedical News BlogAmpronix CatalogPress ReleasesTestimonials CareersContact UsVideosMedical Product VideosTechnical Support VideosInstructional VideosView All Videos
Home
Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
Use of the website
Getting in touch with Ampronix Inc.
Your liability and use of our website
Your rights
Our liability
Use of the on-line store and other services
Warranty
What is intellectual property and why ours is important to us
Links to third party websites
Privacy policy
Terms of Sale
Changes and amendments to these terms and conditions
Governing law and other matters
Use of the website
The Ampronix website is owned and operated by Ampronix Inc. whose registered corporate office is at 15 Whatney, Irvine California 92618, USA.  These terms and conditions apply to the use of the Ampronix website. Please read them as they set out your legal rights and liabilities. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions then please do not use www.ampronix.com. By using the Ampronix website you agree to be bound by these terms and conditions.
Getting in touch with Ampronix Inc.
If you have any questions or complaints relating to the Ampronix website please contact us at the following email address webmaster@ampronix.com. Alternatively, please write to us at the following address:
Webmaster for AmpronixAmpronix Inc. 15 Whatney, Irvine California 92618, USA
Your liability and use of our website
When using the Ampronix website you agree to:
not do anything that might damage or interrupt the access to the Ampronix website server or material available on the website;
not disseminate or otherwise use or access defamatory, abusive, offensive, threatening or otherwise objectionable material information or send any form of bulk communication including "spam" emails;
where applicable ensure that your user name and password is used with care. You will be responsible for activities and orders made under your password. Ampronix may ask you to change your password if it believes there is a breach of security or misuse of the Ampronix website;
not abuse the rights of other individual's privacy or make unauthorized or fraudulent orders or requests for services;
not breach any laws concerning the use of electronic communications and public communication networks;
not do anything or cause anything to be done that may infringe or damage any intellectual property rights (including, without limitation, copyright and trademarks) of Ampronix or a third party;
not obtain unauthorized access to the website.
Your rights
If you are not satisfied with any part of the Ampronix website then please contact us by clicking on the contact us located in the menu of this website.
Your use of the Ampronix website is subject to the law of California, and The United States of America. In addition, the law of the country from where you are viewing the website may apply to your use of the website. You should take local legal advice regarding queries you may have about this point. Ampronix makes no presentation or promise that the material on the website is appropriate or available for use in locations outside the United States.
You may not assign, sub-license or transfer any of your rights under these terms and conditions. If you breach these terms and conditions and Ampronix does not take any action then that does not prevent Ampronix from benefiting from any rights or remedies it may have if you breach the terms and conditions again.
Our liability
Remember that using the internet does have some risks. Ampronix takes reasonable steps to provide a reliable website. However, we will not be liable for:
Problems including incompatibility and damage or corruption of your hardware, software or installation;
The security of the website;
Interruption in availability or errors of the website;
The website content failing to meet your requirements.
You agree that, to the extent allowed by law, Ampronix is not responsible for any loss, claim, damages or any consequential, indirect or special damages (these include, loss of profits or revenue, loss of savings, loss of data, loss of privacy) that you may suffer or incur with your use of or inability to use the website. This includes information, products or services obtained via the website.
Nothing in these terms and conditions limits Ampronixs' Liability for personal injury or death caused by its negligence. In addition, nothing in these terms and conditions affects your legal rights as a consumer.
Use of the on-line store and other services
You must be over 18 years of age to use the on-line store and the personal details you provide must be correct and complete. Please refer to the Ampronix privacy policy for an explanation as to how your personal data will be used.
When you use the Ampronix website or on-line store you will be required to create a user name and password.
Orders for goods and services offered by Ampronix are governed by the terms and conditions for the on-line store.
Our acceptance of an order takes place on dispatch of the order. This is the point the purchase contract will be made and you will be charged for the order.
Warranty
All Products shown are covered by the manufactures warranty provided with the product when purchased. No other warranty is provided or implied by Ampronix or Ampronix Inc. For Ampronix manufactured products refer to our Product Warranty Policy.
What is intellectual property and why ours is important to us
The Ampronix name and logo are registered trade marks and may not be used or reproduced in any manner without the express written consent of an authorized representative of Ampronix Inc. No license is granted to you to use the trade marks of Ampronix or its affiliated companies.
The contents of the website are protected by copyright, trade mark rights, database rights, patent rights, design rights and any other rights in text, graphics, audio, video, or images, content, software, data and information. You agree that the contents of the website are for your personal use only and you may not copy, reproduce, modify, alter, publish, broadcast, sell, distribute, or transfer any such materials without the express written consent of an authorized representative of Ampronix Inc.
Links to third party websites
The website may provide links to other websites or services provided by third party organizations. If you access these websites via the links then you are leaving the Ampronix website and Ampronix is not responsible or liable for the content or dealings you may have with these third parties.
Privacy policy
This privacy policy sets out the approach taken by Ampronix Inc. to the processing of personal information concerning visitors to the Ampronix website ("personal data"). It explains how we use your personal data. By using our website and entering details of your personal information you agree to the terms of this privacy policy and our use of your personal data in the manner described. If you have any requests concerning your personal data or any queries concerning how we process it please contact us.
Ampronix collects and uses your personal data from you (including your name and email address) which you provide when you use our website. We also collect information from your use of our products and services and your visits to website. You have a choice whether to allow us to use this personal data and information when you register on ampronix.com. If you do not agree then do not enter and submit your details to us.
We may contact you via email, post or telephone calls.
We may use your personal data to analyze our customer profiles and for statistical purposes. We may share anonyms statistical information with third parties as part of market research purposes.
Terms of Sale
Ampronix retains ownership in all products sold until balance is paid in full. All pricing in US funds only. Any duty charge is customer's responsibility. Bill To is responsible for core charges if applicable. By using your shipper ID, you are responsible to pay California tax and it becomes your responsibility to file for any shipping damages. When units are repaired we guaranty only the parts installed by us under condition of normal usage for a period of ninety days after date of repair. There is no warranty or guaranty of merchantability, or fitness for a particular purpose with respect to the services performed or parts furnished by us. All merchandise is brand new unless otherwise is stated. Items not accompanied by a warranty card are guaranteed for 90 days from date of purchase. Warranty does not cover any damage due to accidents, shipping, misuse or negligence. All other items are factory warranted and must be returned to them for warranty.
All sales are final unless DOA or received damaged in shipping, shipped by Ampronix. Special order items are non-cancelable and non-returnable. Large volume orders are non-cancelable once Ampronix takes delivery from manufacturer or product is shipped directly to customer from manufacturer. Purchased items needing service must be sent to service center with full insurance coverage and freight charges prepaid. Returns are accepted only on brand new factory-packed merchandise. Items returned in used or altered condition will not be accepted. Software cannot be returned if seal or package is opened. Exchanges are accepted up to 3 days of received date. There is a 25% restocking fee on all returned items approved. You must call for RA to return an item and ship fully insured and freight charges prepaid. Returns without RA number or sent freight collect will be rejected.
All refurbished merchandise is quality controlled before leaving our premises. Therefore, the risk of loss or damage to the goods shall pass to buyer as soon as a carrier for delivery to buyer picks up such goods. Buyer should therefore inspect all packages for damages before signing delivery receipt. Claims should be filed immediately with the carrier (not the seller) for merchandise damaged in transit. If merchandise is not in good working order, buyer's sole remedy shall be replacement or repair. Seller makes no warranty of merchantability, fitness or application of the goods and in no event is liable for any damage, incidental or consequential, except to the extent prohibited by applicable law. Some states do not allow the limitation and exclusions may not apply to buyer. Warranty will be voided if full payment is not received within the terms of this transaction. "These commodities, technology or software were exported from the United States in accordance with the Export Administration Regulations. Diversion contrary to U.S. law is prohibited."
Changes and amendments to these terms and conditions
From time to time we will change or modify these terms and conditions. Please therefore check these when you use the website.
Governing law and other matters
These terms and conditions are governed by the laws California and The United States of America and any disputes will be resolved only by California courts.
If any of these terms and conditions is found to be invalid or unenforceable then that will not affect the validity of the remaining terms and conditions.
A person who is not using these terms and conditions shall have no rights under the Contract (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to enforce any part of these terms and conditions but this does not affect any other rights or remedies a third party may have.
Get a Quote for
Customer Name
Customer Email
Phone Number
Comment
I have read & accept the Privacy Policy
Submit
Compare Products
Compare
Clear All
You have no items to compare.
Ampronix Inc15 WhatneyIrvine, CA 92618Email: info@ampronix.com
Toll Free: (800) 400-7972Int: +1-949-273-8000Fax: +1-949-273-8022
Contact Us
Government Sales
Bundle Solutions
Certifications
Customer Testimonials
Medical News Blog
Service & Order Status
Performance Capabilities
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Careers
FAQ
Newsletter Signup
Newsletter
Sign Up for Our Newsletter:
Subscribe
Copyright © 2020 Ampronix. All Rights Reserved.