http://www.freedomainreservation.com/dcp/privacy_policy.htm
DYNASERVE PRIVACY STATEMENT
DYNASERVE TECHNOLOGIES LTD (referred to in this Privacy 					Statement as "we" or "DYNASERVE") recognize the importance 					of protecting the privacy of all information provided by 					users of our web sites, registrants, and all of our 					customers. We created this policy with a fundamental respect 					for our users’ right to privacy and to guide our 					relationships with our users. This privacy statement 					discloses the privacy practices for all products and 					services owned by DYNASERVE.
INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE					DYNASERVE collects information from our website users, 					subscribers and customers. In this section of our privacy 					policy, we will describe the type of information we collect 					and how we use it to provide better services to our 					customers.
Registration and Ordering					As part of the registration process, you are required to 					provide us certain information and to update us promptly as 					such information changes such that our records are current, 					complete and accurate. You are obliged to provide us the 					following information: 					i) Your name and postal address (or, if different, that of 					the domain name holder);
ii) The domain name being registered
iii) The name, postal address, e-mail address, and voice and 					fax (if available) telephone numbers of the administrative 					contact for the domain name.
iv) The name, postal address, e-mail address, and voice and 					fax (if available) telephone numbers of the billing contact 					for the domain name.
Dynaserve may from time to time request additional 					information from you. While not obligated to provide the 					additional information, you should provide the additional 					requested information to ensure that you will obtain all the 					products and services which Dynaserve makes available to 					domain name registrants.
Additional Information Maintained About your Registration					In Addition to the information you provide, we maintain 					additional information relating to your domain name 					registration, including:
(a) the original creation date of the registration; 					(b) the date and time the registration application was 					submitted to us and the appropriate registry; 					(c) communications constituting registration orders, 					modifications, or terminations and related correspondence; 					(d) records of account for your domain name registration, 					including dates and amounts of all payments and refunds; 					(e) the IP names and address of the primary name servers and 					any secondary name servers; 					(f) the name, mailing address, e-mail address, telephone 					number, and fax number of the technical contact for the 					domain name; 					(g) the name, mailing address, e-mail address, telephone 					number, and fax number of the zone contact for the domain 					name; 					(h) the expiration date of the registration; and (i) other 					information regarding all other activity regarding your 					domain name registration and related services.   E-mail Newsletters					If users wish to subscribe to our e-mail newsletters, we ask 					for contact information (such as name, e-mail address and, 					occasionally, demographic information). We use this 					information in the same manner as we use contact information 					in the registration and ordering process described above. 					Recipients of our newsletters can unsubscribe using the 					instructions listed at the end of the e-mail newsletter.					 Surveys and Contests					From time to time we invite users to provide information via 					surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or 					contests is completely voluntary and the user therefore has 					a choice whether to disclose requested contact information 					(such as name and mailing address) and demographic 					information (such as zip code or job title). In addition to 					other uses set forth in this policy, contact information 					collected in connection with surveys and contests is used to 					notify the winners and award prizes, to monitor or improve 					the use and satisfaction of the site, and may be shared with 					sponsors of such surveys or contests.
Interactive Features					At some of our sites, we offer interactive and community 					features such as discussion boards, webcasts and user 					profiles. Note that all personal information sent or posted 					via such features becomes public information for which we 					are not responsible. Tell-A-Friend					If users elect to use our referral service for informing a 					friend about our sites and services, we may ask them for the 					friend's name, job title and e-mail address. DYNASERVE will 					store and use this information to send the friend an 					invitation. This information may also be used to provide 					information about our company and related products and 					services. The friend may contact us as specified in the 					tell-a-friend message to request that no further 					communications be sent.
Communications with Us					We have features where users can submit information to us 					(such as our feedback forms). Requests for service, support 					or information may be forwarded as needed to best respond to 					a specific request. We may retain e-mails and other 					information sent to us for our internal administrative 					purposes, and to help us to serve customers better. 					 Communications from Us: Service Updates, Special Offers					In order to best serve our customers, we may send updates 					that contain important information about our sites and 					services. For example, we send new members a welcoming 					message, and verify password and username for our 					password-protected sites. We may also communicate with a 					user to provide requested services and for account-related 					issues via e-mail, phone or regular mail.
Automatic Data Collection					Our web sites have features that automatically collect 					information from users, to deliver content specific to 					users' interests and to honor their preferences. This 					information assists us in creating sites that will serve the 					needs of our users.
We use "cookies," a piece of data stored on the user's hard 					drive containing information about the user. Cookies benefit 					the user by requiring login only once, thereby saving time 					while on our site. If users reject the cookies, they may be 					limited in the use of some areas of our site.
For our internal purposes, we gather date, time, browser 					type, navigation history and IP address of all visitors to 					our site. This information does not contain anything that 					can identify users personally. We use this information for 					our internal security audit log, trend analysis and system 					administration, and to gather broad demographic information 					about our user base for aggregate use.
We may combine demographic information supplied by a 					subscriber at registration with site usage data to provide 					general profiles, in aggregate non-personally identifiable 					form, about our users and their preferences in the content 					of the site and advertising. We may share this composite 					information with our advertisers and business affiliates to 					help them better understand our services.
WITH WHOM YOUR INFORMATION IS SHARED					Dynaserve provides domain name registrant information to the 					Registrar and/or ICANN, the registry administrators, and to 					other third parties as ICANN and applicable laws may require 					or permit. The Registrar may make publicly available, or 					directly available to third party vendors, some or all of 					the domain registration information provided by you, for 					purposes of inspection such as through the Registrar's WHOIS 					service, for targeted marketing, or for any other purpose as 					required or permitted by ICANN and applicable laws. 					 					ICANN may establish guidelines, limits and requirements that 					relate to the amount and type of information that the 					Registrar may or must make available to the public or to 					private entities, and the manner in which such information 					is made available.
Other than as set forth above, we do not share personally 					identifiable information with other companies, apart from 					those acting as our agents in providing our 					product(s)/service(s), and which agree to use it only for 					that purpose and to keep the information secure and 					confidential. Also, our parent, subsidiary and affiliate 					companies, entities into which our company may be merged, or 					entities to which any of our assets, products, sites or 					operations may be transferred, will be able to use personal 					information. We will also disclose information we maintain 					when required to do so by law, for example, in response to a 					court order or a subpoena or other legal obligation, in 					response to a law enforcement agency's request, or in 					special cases when we have reason to believe that disclosing 					this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring 					legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or 					interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) 					our rights or property. Users should also be aware that 					courts of equity, such as U.S. Bankruptcy Courts, might have 					the authority under certain circumstances to permit personal 					information to be shared or transferred to third parties 					without permission.
We may share aggregate information, which is not personally 					identifiable, with others. This information may include 					usage and demographic data, but it will not include personal 					information.
CORRECTION/UPDATING PERSONAL INFORMATION					If a user's personally identifiable information changes 					(such as zip code), or if a user no longer desires our 					product(s)/service(s), we provide a way to correct or update 					that user's personal data. The user should contact Customer 					Support for the applicable product or service.
SECURITY					We use reasonable precautions to protect our users' personal 					information and to store it securely. Sensitive information 					that is transmitted to us online (such as credit card 					number) is encrypted and is transmitted to us securely. In 					addition, access to all of our users' information, not just 					the sensitive information mentioned above, is restricted. 					Only employees who need the information to perform a 					specific job (for example, a billing clerk or a customer 					service representative) are granted access to personally 					identifiable information. Finally, the servers on which we 					store personally identifiable information are kept in a 					secure environment.
LINKS					Our web sites contain links to other sites. DYNASERVE is not 					responsible for the privacy practices or content of such 					other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they 					leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each 					web site to which we may link that may collect personally 					identifiable information.
NOTIFICATION and CHANGES					If we change our privacy policy, we will post those changes 					on this page so our users are aware of what information we 					collect, how we use it and under which circumstances, if 					any, we disclose it. Users should check this policy 					frequently to keep abreast of any changes.
For questions about this privacy statement, contact:
Dynaserve Technologies Ltd					#167 19567 Fraser Hwy					Surrey, BC V3S9A4					Canada					604-532-9941 admin@dynaserve.com
Terms and Conditions
| Acceptable Use
| Privacy
| Legal
| Contact Us
A service from Dynaserve Online Copyright 2004 Dynaserve