http://www.rediker.com/terms-service
JavaScript Disabled. For a better experience on this website
please enable JavaScript in your browser.
HomeTerms of Service
Introduction
Welcome to www.rediker.com. This website is owned and operated by Rediker Software, Inc.. By visiting our website and accessing the information, resources, services, products, and tools we provide, you understand and agree to accept and adhere to the following terms and conditions as stated in this policy (hereafter referred to as 'User Agreement'), along with the terms and conditions as stated in our Privacy Policy (please refer to the Privacy Policy section below for more information).
This agreement is in effect as of May 30, 2018.
We reserve the right to change this User Agreement from time to time without notice. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this User Agreement periodically to familiarize yourself with any modifications. Your continued use of this site after such modifications will constitute acknowledgment and agreement of the modified terms and conditions.
Responsible Use and Conduct
By visiting our website and accessing the information, resources, services, products, and tools we provide for you, either directly or indirectly (hereafter referred to as 'Resources'), you agree to use these Resources only for the purposes intended as permitted by (a) the terms of this User Agreement, and (b) applicable laws, regulations and generally accepted online practices or guidelines.
Wherein, you understand that:
In order to access our Resources, you may be required to provide certain information about yourself (such as identification, contact details, etc.) as part of the registration process, or as part of your ability to use the Resources. You agree that any information you provide will always be accurate, correct, and up to date.
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of any login information associated with any account you use to access our Resources. Accordingly, you are responsible for all activities that occur under your account/s.
Accessing (or attempting to access) any of our Resources by any means other than through the means we provide, is strictly prohibited. You specifically agree not to access (or attempt to access) any of our Resources through any automated, unethical or unconventional means.
Engaging in any activity that disrupts or interferes with our Resources, including the servers and/or networks to which our Resources are located or connected, is strictly prohibited.
Attempting to copy, duplicate, reproduce, sell, trade, or resell our Resources is strictly prohibited.
You are solely responsible for any consequences, losses, or damages that we may directly or indirectly incur or suffer due to any unauthorized activities conducted by you, as explained above, and may incur criminal or civil liability.
We may provide various open communication tools on our website, such as blog comments, blog posts, public chat, forums, message boards, newsgroups, product ratings and reviews, various social media services, etc. You understand that generally we do not pre-screen or monitor the content posted by users of these various communication tools, which means that if you choose to use these tools to submit any type of content to our website, then it is your personal responsibility to use these tools in a responsible and ethical manner. By posting information or otherwise using any open communication tools as mentioned, you agree that you will not upload, post, share, or otherwise distribute any content that:
Is illegal, threatening, defamatory, abusive, harassing, degrading, intimidating, fraudulent, deceptive, invasive, racist, or contains any type of suggestive, inappropriate, or explicit language;
Infringes on any trademark, patent, trade secret, copyright, or other proprietary right of any party;
Contains any type of unauthorized or unsolicited advertising; Contains or forwards surveys, contests, pyramid schemes or chain letters.
Impersonates any person or entity, including any http://www.rediker.com employees or representatives.
We have the right at our sole discretion to remove any content that, we feel in our judgment does not comply with this User Agreement, along with any content that we feel is otherwise offensive, harmful, objectionable, inaccurate, or violates any 3rd party copyrights or trademarks. We are not responsible for any delay or failure in removing such content. If you post content that we choose to remove, you hereby consent to such removal, and consent to waive any claim against us.
We do not assume any liability for any content posted by you or any other 3rd party users of our website. However, any content posted by you using any open communication tools on our website, provided that it doesn't violate or infringe on any 3rd party copyrights or trademarks, becomes the property of Rediker Software, Inc., and as such, gives us a perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide, royalty-free, exclusive license to reproduce, modify, adapt, translate, publish, publicly display and/or distribute as we see fit. This only refers and applies to content posted via open communication tools as described, and does not refer to information that is provided as part of the registration process, necessary in order to use our Resources. All information provided as part of our registration process is covered by our privacy policy.
You agree to indemnify and hold harmless Rediker Software, Inc. and its parent company and affiliates, and their directors, officers, managers, employees, donors, agents, and licensors, from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, resulting from any violation of this User Agreement or the failure to fulfill any obligations relating to your account incurred by you or any other person using your account. We reserve the right to take over the exclusive defense of any claim for which we are entitled to indemnification under this User Agreement. In such event, you shall provide us with such cooperation as is reasonably requested by us.
Privacy
Your privacy is very important to us, which is why we've created a separate Privacy Policy in order to explain in detail how we collect, manage, process, secure, and store your personal information. Our privacy policy is included under the scope of this User Agreement. To read our privacy policy in its entirety, click here. We reserve the right at all times to disclose any information as necessary to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request, or to edit, refuse to post or to remove any information or materials, in whole or in part, in our sole discretion.
Limitation of Warranties
By using our website, you understand and agree that all Resources we provide are "as is" and "as available". This means that we do not represent or warrant to you that:
the use of our Resources will meet your needs or requirements.
the use of our Resources will be uninterrupted, timely, secure or free from errors.
the information obtained by using our Resources will be accurate or reliable, and
any defects in the operation or functionality of any Resources we provide will be repaired or corrected.
Furthermore, you understand and agree that:
any content downloaded or otherwise obtained through the use of our Resources is done at your own discretion and risk, and that you are solely responsible for any damage to your computer or other devices for any loss of data that may result from the download of such content.
no information or advice, whether expressed, implied, oral or written, obtained by you from Rediker Software, Inc. or through any Resources we provide shall create any warranty, guarantee, or conditions of any kind, except for those expressly outlined in this User Agreement.
you also agree that the Company is not responsible or liable in any way for injury, loss or damage to your computer or interception or use of credit card information, related to or resulting from use of the Site or any sites, services or materials linked or related thereto or therefrom and also are not responsible or liable in any way for any injury, loss, claim or damage relating to or resulting from any part of the Site operating or not operating on computers or networks used by you or communicating with such computers or networks.
Limitation of Warranties
In conjunction with the Limitation of Warranties as explained above, you expressly understand and agree that any claim against us shall be limited to the amount you paid, if any, for use of products and/or services. Rediker Software, Inc. will not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, consequential or exemplary loss or damages which may be incurred by you as a result of using our Resources, or as a result of any changes, data loss or corruption, cancellation, loss of access, or downtime to the full extent that applicable limitation of liability laws apply.
Copyrights/DMCA Notices
All materials contained in the Site are the copyrighted property of Rediker Software, Inc. or its subsidiaries or affiliated companies and/or third party licensors. No material from the Site may be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted, or distributed in any way. For purposes of these terms, the use of any such material on any other Web, Internet, intranet, extranet or other site or computer environment is prohibited. All trademarks, service marks, trade names and trade dress are proprietary to us. You may not frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any of our trademarks, logos, or other proprietary information (including images, text, page layout, or form) without our prior express written consent. You may not use any meta tags or any other "hidden text" utilizing our name, trademarks or other proprietary information without our prior express written consent. We consider our trademarks to be valuable assets, and take infringement of them seriously.
Rediker complies with the applicable provisions of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA). If you have a concern regarding the use of copyrighted material on any Site, please send a notice to the agent designated below and following the instructions that follow:
Designated Agent: John Schreck; jschreck@rediker.com; Rediker Software, Inc., 2 Wilbraham Road, Hampden, MA 01036; (413) 566-3463
Your notice must comply with the applicable provisions of the DMCA, which can be accessed here. In addition to submitting the notice in writing (written letter or email), the notice must contain the following:
A physical or electronic signature of the copyright holder or a person authorized to act on his or her behalf;
A description of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed and multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site;
A description of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity, and information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to locate the material;
Information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to contact you, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an electronic mail address;
A statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and
A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that you are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
Termination of Use
The Company reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to terminate your access to the Site and the related services or any portion thereof at any time, for any reason, without notice to you. This website is controlled by Rediker Software, Inc. from our offices located in the state of MA, US. It can be accessed by most countries around the world. As each country has laws that may differ from those of MA, by accessing our website, you agree that the statutes and laws of MA, without regard to the conflict of laws and the United Nations Convention on the International Sales of Goods, will apply to all matters relating to the use of this website and the purchase of any products or services through this site.
Furthermore, any action to enforce this User Agreement shall be brought in the federal or state courts located in US, MA. You hereby agree to personal jurisdiction by such courts, and waive any jurisdictional, venue, or inconvenient forum objections to such courts.
Guarantee
UNLESS OTHERWISE EXPRESSED, Rediker Software, Inc. EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.
Contact Information
If you have any questions or comments about our Terms of Service as outlined above, you can contact us at:
Rediker Software, Inc.
2 Wilbraham Road
Hampden, MA 01036
US
Request Information Today
Rediker.com uses cookies to improve our website and deliver relevant content to you. By clicking “Accept Terms,” you acknowledge that you consent to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
Accept Terms
Solutions
Student Information System
Admissions & Enrollment
Integrations & Partnerships
Evaluations & Walkthroughs
District & Diocesan Management
Responsive School Websites
Data Visualization
Resources
Videos
Demos and Webinars
Support
Documentation
Training Options
Contact
Support: 800-882-2994
Sales: 800-213-9860
Rediker Software, Inc., 2 Wilbraham Road, Hampden, MA 01036
© 2020 Rediker Software, All Rights Reserved |
Terms &
Privacy Policy
Solutions
Solutions Overview
Student Information System
Admissions & Enrollment
Integrations & Partnerships
Evaluations & Walkthroughs
District & Diocesan Management
Responsive School Websites
School Data Analytics
Resources
Conferences
Demos and Webinars
Videos
Master Schedule Building Online Training Workshop
Online Training Courses
Support
Support Portal
Documentation
Training Options
Downloads
Contact Support
About Us
Our Company
Meet Our Team
News
Rediker Cares
Careers
Request Information
Contact