https://www.wizsoft.com/index.php/privacy-policy
Protecting your privacy is important to us. We hope the following statement will help you understand how WizSoft collects, uses and safeguards the personal information you provide to us on our site.
What information is being collected online?
We collect contact information if you want to download one of our demos or if you order a product from the website (buy online). Your IP address is captured when you visit this site. It is used to help diagnose problems with our server, to administer the website, to track the IP origin of abusive behavior, such as SPAM and to track the IP origin of an unlawful activity, such as an attempt to violate the website’s security. This information may be shared with third parties, such as law enforcement agencies with respect to unlawful activities and Internet service providers with respect to SPAM. We also track the pages you visit, and the length of time you visit them in order to monitor and improve our website effectiveness.
How do we use the information we collect?
It is our general policy to use contact information, (such as e-mail address, telephone number and postal address) for internal purposes and to not sell or otherwise provide this information to third parties. Some of this information may be used to complete an online transaction such as purchasing a product.
We may use this information from time to time to market our own products to you.
WE DO NOT give out or sell your personal information that we collect to third parties.
How do we protect the information we collect online?
We use SSL (Secure-Socket-Layer) technology to privately collect your information online. In addition to using SSL, our network is heavily guarded 24/7 to prevent intrusion into our network.
Can I contact someone if I want further information?
Yes. Please E-mail us on our contact form, if you have any questions.
Links to other websites:
We are not responsible for the content of links to external websites. You should be aware that other Internet sites that you link to from the wizsoft.com site may contain privacy provisions that differ from the provisions of our Privacy Statement. To ensure your privacy is protected, we recommend that you review the privacy statements of other Internet sites you visit.
Copyright 2013 WizSoft, Inc. All rights reserved
|
Privacy Policy
|
Legal Information | WizSoft, WizWhy, WizRule and WizSame are registered trademarks of WizSoft, Inc.