http://www.mcgpaper.com/pages/mcgpaper-privacy-policy-user-agreement-shipping-terms
Skip to content
Search
Log in
Sign up
Cart
(0)
Check Out
Menu
Home
Art & Craft Papers
Bookmarkers
Business Papers & Brochures
Business Cards
Clear Bags & Boxes
Decals
Envelopes
Greeting Cards
Inkjet Canvas & Fabrics
Iron-On Transfers
Labels
Menu Papers
Metallic Paper
Mousepads & Kits
Photography Paper
Place Cards & Table Tents
Shrink Plastic Art
Snap Together Crafts
Sticker Papers
Waterproof & Coatings
Catalog Index
Templates
How to Make
Log in
Sign up
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Instagram
Mcgpaper Privacy Policy, User Agreement & Shipping Terms
Our commitment to Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. We never share your information with any outside parties or sell your profile to other companies or organizations.  The information you provide to us when placing an order is only used to complete that order. Any email you supply is only used to contact you about your order or to supply coupon codes, special offers and discounts.
Please know that Coupon Codes from previous years do have expiration dates.
The following is a list of our shipping information.
The United States Postal Service will increase their shipping rates again January 2020.
United States Postal Service Shipping:
First Class Mail / U.S.A Only:  $5.00under 12 ounces
USPS Mail / U.S.A Only: $6.95up to 40 sheets of specialty paper fit in an envelope
Priority Mail Military APO / FPO Address: $6.95up to 40 sheets of specialty paper fit in an envelope
USPS Box / U.S.A. Only: $13.90when 40 sheets can only fit in an envelope, a box is then neededParcel Select Shipping Package:
U.S. / Domestic:  $11.90Aerosol & Decal Kits w/ Aerosol must ship Parcel Select
USPS EXPRESS Shipping - Domestic:Express Shipping through the Postal Service is 1 or 2 day.It depends on your location.
Priority Mail Express ENVELOPE (Under 3 lbs):  $28.50Priority Mail Express BOX (Under 4 lbs):  $68.50
USPS International Shipping:
Canada First Class Mail (1lb - 3lb):  starting at $18.00
Canada Priority Mail Flat Rate Envelope: $26.90
Canada Priority Mail Box: starting at $39.30
Canada Medium Flat Rate Box:  $55.95
Canada Large Flat Rate Box: $65.95
Int'l Shipping Fees in all other countries: Priority Mail Flat Rate Envelope:  $37.95
If your products weigh more than what can fit in a Flat Rate Envelope, we will email you all USPS Priority Mail Box shipping options.
USPS Shipping Time Frame:mcgpaper.com ships the business day following the receipt of an order. We will make every effort to ready orders and ship same day if they are received before 1 pm Eastern Time. If product is in stock, the shipment may be shipped the same day. Orders received after this time will ship the "Next Business Day", if products are in stock. Please know that we will contact the customer of updates, delays or changes during office hours. We apologize in advance for any email communication delays, regarding an order.
USPS International orders:
As International shipping charges through the United States Postal Service vary due to weight and country, International customers are encouraged to send us an e-mail through mcg@mcgpaper.com before placing an order.  We do this to determine if First Class Mail International Delivery can be an option to ship your paper order.  Some restrictions due apply to First Class Int'l such as weight of product (must be under 3 lbs) and package size (must be in a box dimension 12 in x 10 in x 2 in or smaller. All International Country's fees through USPS and customs differ in price due to the new USPS International package requirements and USPS online worldwide system updates. If you are interested on information for International First Class and International Priority Mail Box prices, please email us at: mcg@mcgpaper.com and we will be happy to answer any shipping quote questions and product weights you many have before placing an order.
Shipping Methods:
We ship via the United Parcel Service (UPS) and the U.S. Postal Service (USPS)
Paper is extremely heavy and these are the most cost effective carriers for paper products
Parcel Select Ground Shipping:
$11.90
We must ship all Aerosols, Decal Kits with Aerosol products and any product in your cart which may also include an Aerosol via Parcel Select Ground Only. Any coupon codes for First Class Mail Free Shipping is excluded. Any coupon code for discounted Priority Mail Shipping is excluded.
*FAA regulations prohibit the shipment of aerosol products via UPS Air or by USPS International.  There are no exceptions to this rule.
Aerosol Sprays are available for shipment to the US 48 contiguous states Parcel Select Service only at a cost of $11.90.
We make it as clear as possible on our website page for the Preserve Your Memories as well as in Shipping Options that Aerosols can only be shipped Parcel Select at a price of $11.90.
If a different shipping method, such as USPS is chosen, we must place your order on hold as we cannot ship any Aerosol Cans via United States Postal Service.  If you choose USPS Shipping for a Preserve Your Memories Aerosol or other Aerosol can spray, we cannot ship your order.  The full Parcel Select Ground fee must be charged.  The customer will be contacted to pay the difference in price. We cannot stress enough that all Aerosol products must ship Ground.
UPS Next Day Air, UPS 2nd Day Air, UPS 3 Day Select:
All prices vary due to location and weight
If you need a Next Day Air, Second Day Air or Three Day Select, please call us to place your order and we will take a phone order.  Please understand they will incur additional shipping charges and that the extra UPS above services will be calculated through the UPS System for prices.  All Next Day Air, 2nd Day Air and 3 Day Select prices within the United States vary by location.
If you request Overnight shipping and the carrier does not deliver as you had specified, you must reclaim the charges through the specific carriers, we are not responsible for the carrier's actions.
Express Shipping estimated delivery times for UPS are on the US Continental Map: The estimated UPS delivery time chart does not count the day the item was shipped. It is not considered as a day in transit, according to UPS.
Please insure that your address is complete and correct or exemption fees will be charged. This is a UPS rule.
All address correction fees will be passed onto the customer along for undelivered, unclaimed and/or refused shipments. Customer will be charged full freight both inbound as well as outbound. MCG PAPER must charge a 25% restocking fee for undelivered, unclaimed and or refused shipments.
Shipping Terms:
We will request an Adult Signature on orders over $99.00 and / or at our discretion.
At the UPS driver's discretion, a signature may be required before delivery.
MCG PAPER shall not be liable for any lost, damage costs or expenses related to any delay in shipment or delivery. Once it leaves mcgpaper.com and is in the hands of the USPS or UPS delivery drivers, we cannot be held responsible.  Title to and product and or risk of loss passes from MCG PAPER to the customer upon shipment from our facility.
MCG PAPER reserves the right to choose, change and or modify shipping methods, shipping providers, shipping time frames and all other shipping and delivery related services.
All shipments under 2 lbs will ship USPS Mail with the exception of Aerosols which MUST ship Ground.
All orders are shipped FOB* unless insurance is requested. Insurance charges will be added to final invoice.
*FOB means Freight on Board or Free on Board. What that means is: ownership of the merchandise is transferred the moment the freight carrier signs the freight bill. The freight company is responsible for exactly what they signed for. Under the terms, they agree to deliver the specified quantity in tact and undamaged to the customer location. If they do not, the customer must file a freight claim to recover any loss or damage that occurs in transit.
United States Postal Shipping:
Please note: the United States Postal Service increased their postal prices January 2020.
We wish to thank all of our customers for your continued business as well as your customer loyalty throughout the years. Please, continue to use the various promotional discount codes we supply online as well as the coupon codes we have been including with your orders as they will help to offset the costs associated with any shipping increases that may occur in the future.
For Canadian shipments:
Canadian bulk orders must meet a minimum amount of $250.00 Canadian orders must be completed by phone for shipping amounts as prices vary due to shipping weights and destinations.
We suggest that you review the following web site links:
Canada Post: www.canadapost.ca
UPS Rates for Customs Clearance into Canada: http://www.ups.com/content/ca/en/shipping/cost/zones/customs_clearance.html
Your purchase may or will incur broker and tax fees. You will be responsible for the payment of these fees.
Any product returned to us because the fees were not paid will not receive a refund and we will charge you for any and all costs we incur due to the non payment of the fees.
If a shipment is damaged in transit you must contact the carrier and obtain the required insurance claim forms and follow their procedure.
What if your order was incorrectly shipped?
We do our best to package your items as well as possible and to be as thorough as we can.
Unfortunately, sometimes there are problems with shipments or human errors in packing and shipping.
All we ask is that you contact us to let us know what happened or has not happened and we will try and work with you to resolve the issue.
We want to make sure your order is correct.
Return Policy
All items are guaranteed and we are here to help you with your projects. If you have a question about our specialty papers and products before purchasing, please call us at 215-679-8163. If you need help or a quote, please send us a detailed e-mail.
Unopened paper products may be returned to us within 30 days of when the product was shipped to the customer. The customer will need to contact us first to receive a Return Merchandise Authorization number.
MCG PAPER is not responsible for damaged product once it leaves our offices.  We securely package all of our products before they leave us. If a package is damaged in transit by USPS, you must contact USPS directly and obtain the required insurance claim forms and follow their procedures.USPS decides if a claim is accepted or denied.
In order to return unopened specialty paper for a replacement or refund, please call or e-mail us to obtain the appropriate Return Merchandise Authorization (RMA) code before sending any product back to our offices.  Returns without an authorization will be refused. Partial Refunds will be issued once we receive the product. If the product is damaged in transit, mcgpaper will file a damage claim with the Post Office only if it is sent back USPS Priority Mail.
Customers must pay for shipping returns.
A  restocking fee is charged on all returns.
Returned products with an RMA that are received at our offices before 30 days have elapsed will incur a 15% restocking fee.  Shipping is non refundable.
If the return products, with RMA code, are received at our offices after 30 days have elapsed, a 20% restocking fee will incur.  Shipping is non refundable.
Replacements will be offered only within or by 45 days from the shipment date of the order.  Replacements will only be given once the original order is returned to our offices. Restocking fees are waived for replacements only. Customers are responsible for return shipping fees.
After 45 days have elapsed, we can no longer issue a refund or a replacement.
Shipping will be deducted from the total along with the applicable restocking fee.
Customers are responsible for return shipping fees.
Online orders that are eligible for free shipping that are returned for a replacement, will be charged a return to customer shipping fee for the full price of the USPS or UPS shipping.
If a paper product is found to be defective, the customer should immediately call and obtain an RMA and ship the defective item back to MCG PAPER.  Once received, customer service will immediately replace the defective item if in stock.  The customer has 45 days to call us with a defective issue.  After 45 days, we cannot replace the item.
If the customer would like to return the defective paper product for a refund, customer service will credit the customer's account for the cost of the unused paper product only as shipping is non refundable.
Protective Picture Coating and Water Repelling Agents in Hand Pump or Aerosol Spray are not returnable nor refundable.
If the Finger Pump or Aerosol Spray can is dented in shipping, the customer must contact UPS directly at 1-800-UPS-7447 or USPS directly at 1-800-275-8777 for the appropriate damage / refund paperwork.
Charges for undelivered, unclaimed and or refused shipments: Customer will be charged full freight both inbound and outbound plus a 5% processing fee as well as a 25% restocking fee for the undeliverable, unclaimed and or refused shipments.  If a shipment is refused and mailed back to us, a new shipping fee for handling must be charged.
Back Orders
In the event that certain items in your order are not in stock and are backordered, we will notify you by e-mail of the anticipated shipping date.
Your credit card will not be billed until the product is shipped.
Wholesale, Special Production & Requests for Quotes
Top of Form
Bottom of Form
We will require a copy of your business sales, use tax license and Federal EIN before quoting prices.
Request for quotes (RFQ), special production and wholesale must be in writing and the above information must be on file before quotes or prices will be stated. Quotes are valid for 7 days.
The minimum wholesale purchase for products in stock will be $1,000.00 (USD) plus shipping and handling costs.
The minimum special production order will be 250 sheets or units plus shipping and handling costs.  Special Production runs will be charged a shipping fee even of the order is $125.00 or above.
Purchase orders, phone orders and special request production runs must be charged a full shipping fee. The minimum special production order will be 250 sheets or units plus full shipping and handling costs.
Holiday Schedules mcgpaper.com will be closed on the following days:
Monday, January 1, 2020 Monday, January 19, 2020 Monday, February 18, 2020Monday, April 22, 2020Monday, May 27, 2020 Thursday, July 4, 2020 Friday, August 30, 2020 Monday, September 2, 2020Thursday, September 19, 2020Monday, October 14, 2020Monday, November 11, 2020Thursday, November 28, 2020 Friday, November 29, 2020Tuesday, December 24, 2020Wednesday, December 25, 2020 Thursday, December 26, 2020 Tuesday, December 31, 2020 Wednesday, January 1, 2021
USPS observes the following holidays:
Wednesday, January 1
New Year's Day
Monday, January 20
Birthday of Martin Luther King, Jr.
Monday, February 17
Washington's Birthday
Monday, May 25
Memorial Day
Friday, July 3
observed for Independence Day
Monday, September 7
Labor Day
Monday, October 12
Columbus Day
Wednesday, November 11
Veterans Day
Thursday, November 26
Thanksgiving Day
Friday, December 25
Christmas Day
Friday, January 1
New Year's
In the United States, UPS observes the following holidays:
New Year's Day - January 1, 2020Easter Sunday - April 21, 2020 Memorial Day - May 25, 2020 Independence Day - July 3, 2020 Labor Day - September 7, 2020 Thanksgiving Day - November 26, 2020Christmas Day - December 25, 2020New Years Day - January 1, 2021
Saturday+ and Sunday are rest days
Ordering
For  payment, we accept:
American Express, Visa, MasterCard, Discover and PayPal.
Online orders placed using PayPal:PayPal payment link is located on your shopping cart and order confirmation page.
To pay using PayPal please locate the PayPal logo.
Payment is due in full at the time the order is placed.
Via Phone: (215) 679-8163 / Via Email: mcg@mcgpaper.com Office Hours Monday - Friday 9 AM to 4 PM Eastern Time
Orders require complete and correct information to be processed.
Information required during the order check out process includes:
Bill to information:
Name
Address
E-mail address
Phone number
Credit/Debit Card Information
Ship to information if different from bill to information:
Name Address Phone number
Order information is verified.
Order information that is not verifiable, incorrect and or incomplete will result in the delay or cancellation of your order.
Office Hours
Monday - Friday 9 AM to 4 PM Eastern Time
The Information We Collect
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the mcgpaper.com web site.On some pages, you can order products, make requests, and contact us to receive materials. The types of personal information collected at these pages are:
Name
Address
E-mail address
Phone number
Credit/Debit Card Information
On some pages, you can submit information about other people. For example, if you order a gift online and want it sent directly to the recipient, you will need to submit the recipient's address. In this circumstance, the types of personal information collected are:
Name
Address
Phone Number
The Way We Use Information
We use the information you provide about yourself when placing an order only to complete that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order. We use the information you provide about someone else when placing an order only to ship the product and to confirm delivery. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order. We use return e-mail addresses to answer the e-mail we receive and to notify you about the status of your shipment. Such addresses and are not shared with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.We normally send via e-mail a "Thank You For Your Order" and occasionally ( four or five a year ) notify our customers of coupons, specials, new products and services.You can call us at 215 679-8163 or use the Join List form below if you would like to receive updates on our specials, new products and services. The information you submit to us will only be used to inform you via e-mail about our specials, new products and services. We use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our web site.Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
Our Commitment To Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.Credit card information is maintained for only 30 days after the order is placed and after that time frame credit card information is no longer available.
Our Commitment To Children's Privacy
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our web site from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our web site is structured to attract anyone under 13.
How You Can Correct Your Information
You can correct all your personally identifiable information that we have collected online by contacting MCG PAPER LLC at 215-679-8163. We use this procedure to better safeguard your information. For example you may need to correct your shipping address, credit card information or e-mail address. To protect your privacy and security, we ask that you contact us directly by telephone, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before making corrections.
How To Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please call us at 215-679-8163 or email us at mcg@mcgpaper.com.
Taxes
Sales tax must be charged to all residents of Pennsylvania and shipments being delivered to a Pennsylvania address unless a valid Tax ID number submitted on the Pennsylvania approved form(s) has been provided in advance.
We are not responsible for import or export regulations of the destination country nor can we prepay taxes, custom duties, tariffs or other charges required by the destination country. As the purchaser you will be responsible all of the above and any other requirements and or laws of your country.
Governing Law:
It is agreed through your purchase, use, and or review of this List and or Web site that any transaction or matter concerning this List or Web site is subject to the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. You further agree that the only proper domicile of any civil action arising from this List and or Web site or of any transaction or matter occurring from, or concerning, this List and/or Web site is in the County of Lehigh in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. The User Agreement provides that the only proper domicile of any civil action arising from this List and/or Web site or of any transaction or matter occurring from, or concerning, this List and/or Web site is in the County of Lehigh in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.