http://www.lively.com/help/
Choose the GreatCall product that's right for you.
Jitterbug Smart2
$112.49
The simple smartphone with a simplified menu.
Learn
More
Learn More
Learn More
Lively Flip
$74.99
The all-new flip phone from the makers of Jitterbug.
Learn More
Learn More
Learn More
Lively Mobile Plus
$37.49
The all-in-one mobile medical alert device.
Learn More
Learn More
Learn More
Lively Wearable2
$37.49
Turns your smartphone into an urgent response device.
Learn More
Learn More
Learn More
Compare Phones
Compare Devices
Exclusive discount for AARP members
Members save $60 per year on select Health & Safety Packages. Enjoy this offer on the Lively Mobile Plus and Lively Wearable2 medical alert devices.Explore Lively Devices
Explore Lively Devices
×
Urgent Care
Urgent Care, brought to you in partnership with FONEMED®, is not a substitute for dialing 9-1-1 and should not be used in a case of emergency. FONEMED’s registered nurses and contracted physicians through MDLIVE offer advice regarding healthcare decisions, may prescribe certain medications. We are not liable for any act or omission of FONEMED or any of its agents. GreatCall is not a healthcare provider. You should seek the advice of your physician if you have any questions about medical treatment.
Urgent ResponseHighly trained agents are here to help you anytime.
Urgent Response
Just press the button to speak to a highly trained Urgent Response Agent. They'll assess your situation and get you the help you need.Explore All Services
Urgent Care24/7 access to registered nurses and board-certified doctors.
Urgent Care
Speak with a nurse or doctor for medical advice and common prescription medications 24/7 without an appointment. Explore All Services
GreatCall LinkEasily stay connected with family and friends.
GreatCall Link
If you’re a caregiver, the Link app will send you updates about the well-being of a person using a GreatCall phone or device.Explore All Services
Brain GamesFun and challenging games to train your brain.
Brain Games
Just like the jigsaw puzzles you know and love, these innovative games train your brain on attention and memory.Explore All Services
Connect the way you want. Pay for what you need.
GreatCall rate plans start as low as $14.99/month.  No annual contracts or cancellation fees.
Compare monthly rate plans
GreatCall is powered by the nation’s largest and most dependable wireless network.
Confirm coverage in your area.
No long-term contracts
No cancellation fees
100% U.S.-based customer service
Enter your zip code to check network coverage in your area.
Keep in touch on the nation’s largest, most dependable wireless network.
Check Coverage
Count on award-winning support.
Put your trust in our U.S.-based customer service team and the nation's largest, most dependable wireless network.
Call us at 866-490-0799
Visit our support center
Explore family caregiving resources.
Today, 42 million Americans are caring for the needs of an aging family member. GreatCall is dedicated to supporting caregivers with the latest information and resources.
GreatCall supports those who are caring for aging family members with the latest information and resources.
Explore Resource Center About Family Caregiving Solutions
Turn your phone into a personal safety device.
Stay active, mobile and independent with exclusive services that can connect you to 5Star Urgent Response Agents plus doctors and nurses.
View health & safety services
People you can count on.
At GreatCall, we also provide a community of support for our products and services. Our award-winning U.S.-based customer service team stands ready to assist you. From technical support professionals to customer service representatives, we always have the right person available when you need assistance of any kind.
Our award-winning U.S.-based customer service representatives and technical support professionals are here if you need assistance.
Call us at 800-733-6632 866-490-0799
Learn More About GreatCall Support
Transforming the aging experience.
GreatCall has broadened its impact with remote monitoring technology, allowing Managed Care Organizations to proactively identify emerging health issues.
GreatCall for Healthcare