https://www.precisionid.com/about-us/privacy-policy/
Home / About Us / Privacy Policy
We do not sell, share, trade, or in any other way, make your name, email address, or other information available to any other party. Your order information will be treated as strictly confidential.
Cookies
This site only uses cookies with search engine analytics, if necessary for website navigation, affiliate tracking (so we know what affiliate to pay for orders) and in the shopping cart to help us identify how you located our web site and track order progress. Information is not shared with any third parties.
Order Information
PrecisionID does not store customer credit card numbers. Instead, all orders are handled by a re-seller. All order information is treated as strictly confidential.
Email
PrecisionID will only contact you by email under the following conditions:
If you place a request for customer service, support or a product price quote.
Anything relating to the processing or follow up of an order or unprocessed orders.
After every completed order, receipts are emailed.
If a critical update or security update is made for a product ordered.
If you ordered a subscription and it is about to expire or has expired.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. All information on our online order forms is encrypted before transmission to prevent possible interception by a third party. The encryption used with our online order forms is designed to provide government level security for your credit card transactions.
This site contains links to other sites. PrecisionID is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such sites.
General Data Protection Regulation
In compliance with General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) for users in the European Economic Area (EEA), the following information is gathered by our website:
The website collects information that is aggregated for analytics purposes (e.g., Google Analytics). The aggregated information provides analytics tracking for the shopping cart and re-seller check out.
IP addresses may be collected for Fraud, Spam and Abuse management.
Cookies are used to track sales for re-sellers and affiliates as well as the shopping cart and re-seller check out system.
If a user is a registered member of the support forum, we will have collected the email address of the user and any other information provided by the user.
If a user makes a purchase through the store, we will have collected the email address, IP address and any information that the customer has entered except for any credit card information. We do not retain any credit card information.
CartProduct categories1D Linear Barcode Fonts
2D Barcode Fonts
Barcode Generators
MICR
OCR
This website uses cookies to improve your experience.I UNDERSTAND Privacy PolicyPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.