http://www.penalara.com/en/ES/privacy/
Facebook
Twitter
Youtube
Linkedin
penalara-GHC
info@penalara.com
(+52) 55 8421 9638
(+34) 921 100 069
EN
ESPAÑOL
PORTUGUÊS
Users access
Timetable management
Educational institution
GHC
GHC WEB AND MOBILE APP
Head of studies / Teacher / Student
Cookies and Privacy
Legal notice
Privacy and Personal Data Protection
Customer data.
In compliance with the applicable regulation concerning the protection of personal data, the customer is reported that:
a)The data collected by Peñalara Software S.L. under this contract, those derived from it, or in any of the data collection forms on the web, are processed in order to (i) provide the contracted service in an optimal way, as well as to enable its administrative, accounting and financial management, and its control and supervision, and (ii) send communications, including electronic ones, of interest about the contracted service or product, as well as to send information related to the software and the creation of timetables.
b)By accepting these conditions, the user is agreeing to the processing of their data for each of the previous purposes. In the event that the customer does not provide the necessary data for the rendering the contracted service, it shall be understood that the customer is in breach of the contract that has already been concluded or stopping the compliance thereof by Peñalara software, with the inherent legal or contractual responsibilities to such conduct that can be derived to the customer.
c)The treatment of the users data is necessary for the performance of a contract or for the application of pre-contractual measures at the customer’s request.
d)Peñalara Software may transfer its data to the Tax Administration and, where applicable, to other public administrations to whom it has a legal obligation to provide them, as well as to banks, savings banks, rural banks and other financial entities and organizations or individuals directly related to Peñalara Software.
e)The user accepts and consents that Peñalara Software collects and uses technical information and other information related to the use of the software from the computer in which it has been installed, including the identification and technical features of the computer where the software is installed, and its operating system. This information will be collected to:
Provide a proper update service.
Grant an appropriate technical support and maintenance.
Avoid potential fraud in the licence of the software or malicious use of it.
f)Your personal data necessary for the service delivery will be kept by Peñalara Software for the term of this service provision and, once it was completed, they will be preserved, before the blockade, during the time that may be necessary for compliance with legal obligations of Peñalara Software, or for the fulfilment of its contractual, fiscal and accounting obligations. The necessary data to send you communications, even electronic, of interest about the contracted service or product or services or similar products, will be kept for the duration of the service provided and, once the service is finished, for an indefinite period while the customer does not request cancellation. or opposition for this purpose.
g)The user may exercise any of his rights derived from the processing of his personal data (access, cancellation, rectification, position, and any other required in accordance with current regulations) by writing to the postal address of the company in C/ Teodosio El Grande 8 (BIS) Office 7, PC: 40001, Segovia – Spain, or through the email address: info@penalara.com. In any case, the customer must prove his identity when exercising any of these rights. We also inform you that, if you understand that a violation of any of your rights has occurred, a complaint can be filed with the Spanish Data Protection Agency or any other competent supervisory authority.
The user will be responsible for the personal data added and for all those legal obligations that belong to him as responsible for his file. The relationship with your employees and the data added, are your sole responsibility. The user must comply with all the principles of information, consent, use and treatment of data in accordance with current legislation. Peñalara Software will not be responsible – in any way – for the veracity, permissions obtained or data source to the web or the software.
Data controller
For the provision of the service interested by the user, Peñalara Software will store and process the personal data provided by the customer that he loads or provides through the service or software in the Internet site- "in the cloud". In this sense, Peñalara Software undertakes to respect each and every obligation as data controller according to the current provisions relating to the protection of personal data and any other complementary provision or regulation that may be applicable.
In particular Peñalara Software, as the person in charge of processing the personal data for which the customer is responsible, is committed to:
Save and observe, keep and observe your staff, the duty of confidentiality regarding such personal data as a consequence of the formalization and execution of this contract with the customer.
Carry out this task of the treatment for the technical and organizational security measures necessary to guarantee a level of security appropriate to the risk in relation to the personal data, in accordance with the information provided by the customer regarding this risk. These security measures should be targeted to prevent variation, loss and unauthorized access to personal data for which the customer is responsible, taking into account the state of the technology, the nature of the stored data and the risks to which they are exposed, whether they come from human action or from the physical or natural environment.
Treat the data that has been entrusted exclusively according to the instructions of the data controller. If PEÑALARA allocates the data for another purpose, it will be considered responsible for the treatment, answering for the breaches it has personally caused.
Do not transfer the data, even for conservation purposes, to third parties. The services subject of this contract and the main contract will be carried out by Peñalara Software. However, the user expressly authorizes Peñalara Software to subcontract the servers and cloud services for GHC to MICROSOFT IBÉRICA S.R.L. (Datacenter provider-cloud storage), located at Paseo del Club Deportivo 1, Pozuelo de Alarcón (Madrid - Spain), tax ID number (CIF) B78603495. For any other subcontracting that involves the processing of the data for which THE USER is responsible, Peñalara Software must ask for the previous authorization.
Inform the user of any incident or security risk of which he is aware and which could potentially affect the information security, as well as to cooperate with him in the investigation of security incidents or risks, and execute the actions that are agreed to the resolution of the incidents and the minimization of the risks detected. In particular, it must notify the customer, without undue delay, when it becomes aware that a breach of security has occurred that affects the personal data that Peñalara Software deals with, providing the following content:
A description of the nature of the security breach including, if possible, the categories and the approximate number of affected stakeholders, and the categories and approximate number of personal data records affected;
Contact name and information of the data protection representative of Peñalara Software, if it had been designated, or another procedure through which the customer can obtain more information;
A description of the possible consequences of the violation of the security of personal data;
Measures taken or proposed to resolve the breach of the security of personal data, including, where appropriate, those aimed at reducing the possible negative effects.
If it is not possible to provide the information simultaneously, and to the extent that it is not, the information will be provided gradually without undue delay.
Provide assistance to the user, as far as possible, to meet his obligation to respond to requests that aim the exercise of the rights of the stakeholders, regarding those data that Peñalara Software treats on behalf of the user.
In the event that this contract is terminated, and unless it requires its preservation to comply with its contractual or legal obligations or to prove compliance with contractual or legal obligations, Peñalara Software must destroy the data in its entirety or return them to the customer, taking into account the media or documents where these records are found: databases on disks, temporary files, backups, etc.
Provide, at the request of the customer, a copy of his security document, as well as any other information or additional documentation that may be necessary to verify the compliance with the obligations contracted here, just as compliance with current legal requirements of protection of personal data.
Allow the customer to carry out, in the premises and/or systems of Peñalara Software, the appropriate controls, reviews and verifications in order to confirm that he complies with the obligations contracted herein, as well as with the legal requirements regarding the protection of personal data. Peñalara Software will be forced to allow such controls provided they are not capricious or abusive, and provided that the customer requires them in time and are made in such a way as to cause the least possible damage, upset or inconvenience to Peñalara Software.
In any case, not planned in this contract, the regulations on the subject of personal data protection.
Cookies and Privacy
Use of Cookies
On our website we use cookies to facilitate the use of our webpage.
What is a cookie?
Cookies are small information files that allow us to compare and understand how our users navigate through our website. Thus, we will be able to improve the browsing process. To continue in the configuration of cookies without changes, just continue on the web page.
Cookies constitute a tool used by Web servers to store and recover information about their visitors. It is no more than a unique identifier as a text file that some servers send to the user's device to record information about what we have been doing in their pages, thus improving the quality and security of the web page. They have an expiration date, which can range from session duration to a specified future date from which they stop working.
www.penalara.com uses cookies to make the website easy to browse, for security reasons and to obtain greater efficiency and personalization of the services offered to Users. The cookies used are associated only with an anonymous user and his computer, they do not provide references that allow to deduce the user's name and surnames, and they cannot read data contained in his device, nor include viruses in them. Likewise, www.penalara.com cannot read the cookies introduced on your device from other servers.
Session cookies
They are temporary cookies that are not stored in the user's device, but disappear when the session finishes. The information obtained through these cookies is used to identify the session and gain admission to restricted access parts, as well as draw up the user's actions when filling out forms on several pages.
We use 2 session cookies : webGHC and another for internal management.
Analytics Cookies:
The analytics cookies of third parties such as those used by Google Analytics.
Cookie name
Purpose
__utma, __utmb, __utmc y __utmz
Cookies used by Google Analytics for statistical access control.
www.penalara.com uses Google Analytics services, including cookie technology, to make audience analytics. It is possible to obtain more detailed data about the way in which www.penalara.com uses the services of a third party to collect and use information about its website at http://www.google.com/intl/es/analytics.
We use the remarketing feature with Google Analytics to publish online ads. Other providers, including Google, can show our ads on Internet sites. Peñalara and other providers, including Google, use source cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) combined to inform, optimize and publish ads based on previous visits to the website.
The user can freely decide about the implementation on his hard drive of the cookies used in www.penalara.com. In this sense, the user can configure his browser to accept or reject all cookies by default or to receive a warning on the screen of the reception of each cookie and decide at that moment whether to install it on their device or not. For that purpose, we suggest that you consult the help section of your browser to know how to change the configuration you currently use. To continue without changes in the configuration of cookies, just continue on the web page. If the configuration of your browser rejects all cookies or, specifically the cookies of www.penalara.com, it will prevent you from accessing those parts of the website that need to use your username and password. Therefore, if you wish to access your private area as a user, it is necessary to allow the installation of these session cookies and you expressly consent to it. In any case, the user may delete the cookies of www.penalara.com introduced in his device at any time, following the procedure established in the help section of his browser.
How can I change the configuration of cookies?
Microsoft Internet Explorer
In the Tools menu, select "Internet Options".
Choose the "Privacy" tab.
Press the "Default" button (or manually slide the bar to "Media") in the "Settings" section
Press "Accept"
Mozilla Firefox
At the top of the Firefox window, press the "Firefox" button and select "Options"
Select the "Privacy" panel
Choose to use custom settings for history
Check the "Accept cookies" box to activate them
Press "Accept" to save the changes
Google Chrome
Select the "Preferences" option in the "Edit" menu
Find the cookies section in "Show advanced options"
To allow cookies, select "Accept all cookies" (or "Allow all cookies")
Press "Accept"
Safari
Open the Safari browser
Select Safari &gt; Preferences and then, press "Privacy"
In the section "block cookies", indicate that Safari accepts cookies from websites and when
If you would like more information regarding the use of cookies on web pages, visit www.allaboutcookies.org
Elimination of cookies
You can also delete all the cookies stored on your computer in the following way:
In Internet Explorer, you must delete them manually (you can look up the instructions to do it at http://support.microsoft.com/kb/278835)
In Mozilla Firefox, you can delete cookies in the "History" menu &gt; "Clear recent history"
Remember this option will have a negative impact on the usability of many web pages.
Online presentation
Do you want to know our product?
PRESENTATION
Make your purchase
The purchase process is very simple
BUY GHC
Download Software
DOWNLOAD