http://www.lisol.co.uk/privacy
About Us
Contact Us
01726 891 031
Facebook
Twitter
Linkedin
Home
About
Contact
Careers
Services
Lisol Catalyst
Projects
IoT and Security
RFID
NoSQL
Open Source
Tracker
jParty - webRTC
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy sets out how we use and protect any information that you give us when you use this website.
We are committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected.
Any information you provide will only be used in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
From time to time we may change this policy by updating this page, so you should regularly check this page to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
What We Collect
Log Files
When someone visits our website standard internet log information is collected.
We also stored your IP address, the link that you clicked on to get to our website and other such information that would help us
identify the source of a DOS (Denial of Service) attack.
Contact Us Form
If you do choose to make contact with us and fill in our 'Contact Us' form, we will collect the following information:
You name
Your email address
Cookies
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit.
They are widely used in order to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners
of the site. Our website currently does not require use of cookies, so no cookies will be set on your computer.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure.
In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website.
Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites, as such sites are not governed by this Privacy Statement.
Controlling your personal information
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so.
Contact us
St Austell, Cornwall PL26 8EZ, UK
Phone: 01726 891 031
Email: info [@] lisol [dot] co [dot] uk
Registered
Registered in England and Wales
No: 3693972
VAT No: 752712046
Latest Tweets
Loading tweets by @lisolit
2016 © Lisol Ltd. ALL Rights Reserved.
Privacy Policy