http://www.omada.dk/en-us/more/privacy-statement
More...
Privacy Statement
WEBSITE PRIVACY POLICY
Processing of your personal data
Omada takes the protection of your data seriously and wants to make you familiar with our privacy policy and the security measures we take to protect your personal information. Omada only collects data via this website pertaining to personal information (e.g. name, e-mail address and phone number) as provided voluntarily by visitors to this website. By using this website, you consent to the collection and use of your personal information by Omada as set forth in this policy.
Information we may collect from you
We may collect and process information that you provide by filling in forms on this website. This includes information provided at the time of subscribing to our newsletter, registration to our webinars or requesting further information or services. We may also ask you for information when you communicate with us, have questions or report a problem concerning this website.
Any personal information is only used for the purposes of which you have been informed and only to complete your specific request.
How we use your personal information
Any personal information is only used for the purposes of which you have been informed and only to complete your specific request. Omada may use your personal information to provide support or other services that you have requested. Omada may also use your personal information to respond directly to your requests for information, including registration for newsletters, webinar, or other specific requests, or pass your contact information to the appropriate Omada distributor for further follow-up related to your interests.
Omada may use your personal information to provide you with information based on your needs and respond to your requests. Omada may use your personal information to provide you with notices of new product releases ad services developments.
Some services available on the website permit you to participate in interactive discussions, post comments, or other content, or otherwise engage in networking activities. Omada does not control the content that users post to these forums or social networks. You should carefully consider whether you wish to submit personal information to these forums or social networks and tailor any content you submit appropriately and in accordance with the relevant terms of use.
Omada may use your information, including the information gathered as a result of site navigation and cookies, to help create and personalize website content, improve website quality, evaluate page response rates, conduct usability testing, and facilitate your use of the website.
How we protect your personal information
Your personal information is stored in a controlled environment and our security measures are continuously monitored to protect your information with the greatest care. Once we have received your information, we will use strict security features to prevent unauthorized access.
Omada does not share or otherwise distribute personal information to third parties, except to the extend necessary to complete your request, or in response to a validly-issued subpoena, court order, or other legal processes, or when necessary to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims made by you or on your behalf. Please note that when we need to exchange your personal information with persons who work for one of our suppliers, such person maybe engaged in, amongst other things, the provision of certain services which support our website and allow us to provide the services to you. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy.
How long we retain your personal information
We retain your personal information in our databases only for as long as such information is needed and useful for the purpose for which it was collected. We store the personal information for varying durations, depending on the type of information, but only as long as we continue to have a valid reason. This includes allowing Omada to pursue available remedies or to limit any damages that we may sustain, to solve or contain a recurring problem or to have enough information to respond to future issue, to uphold agreements between you and Omada, to prevent fraudulent activity and to be compliant with applicable law.
Your rights
Omada seeks to keep your personal information accurate, complete, and up to date. You may at any time request to see the information we have collected about you. You also have the right to object to our collection and against the further processing of your personal information. You also have the right to correct your personal information if needed. For more details about how your personal information is processed, please see contact information below. You can unsubscribe from receiving Omada’s newsletter and other marketing messages at any time by following the instructions that are included in each newsletter..
Website use of cookies
To continuously update our website we may collect information about your computer, including, where available, your IP address, for system administration and to collect aggregated information for internal reporting purposes. Omada also uses cookies to ensure that our website works properly to provide the best possible service to the users of this website. By using this website, you consent to our use of cookies as set forth in this policy.
General information about cookies
A cookie is a small data file that a website stores on your computer or mobile device when you visit said website. To provide you the best possible user experience that website recognizes these cookies, so it can tailor what you see on the website. Cookies are used on almost all websites and are sometimes essential to provide proper service on the website. Session cookies allow users to be recognized within a website, so you don’t get asked for the same information you’ve already given to the website. These cookies are deleted automatically when you close your browser. Persistent cookies are used to gather information about how users navigate the website and remembers your information and settings when you visit the website in the future. These cookies are stored on your computer or mobile device and self-delete after a certain period but will be renewed every time you visit the website.
Omada use of cookies
Omada uses cookies to remember your information and settings on this website. The purpose for the use of these cookies is to give you the best user experience by providing content suited to your needs. The information we gather is anonymous and cannot be traced back to you.
The following cookies are used on omada.net:
Google Analytics Cookies are used to gather Information about how people navigate the website., these Cookies  will be renewed every time you visit this website. Google Analytics Cookies are also used to establish and continue a user-session, these Cookies are automatically deleted at the end of the session.
Deactivation or deletion of cookies
If you want to use this website and cannot accept the use of cookies, you can deactivate the use of cookies within your browser setting, however we cannot guarantee an optimum experience without cookies. If you use a PC, you can delete the cookies stored on your computer by pressing CTR + SHIFT + DELETE at the same time. If you use a MAC, please inform yourself about the administration of cookies on https://support.apple.com/.
Changes to this policy
This version of our privacy policy clarifies, updates, and replaces the previous policy. To continually keep this policy up to date, Omada reserves the right to update, modify, change, and alter its privacy policy which is binding on all users of this website and will be posted here. If the changes are significant we may also notify you by other means, such as posting a notice on this website prior to the change becoming effective or sending an e-mail. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
Contact information regarding your personal information
Please contact info@omada.net if we need to change or delete personal information we have registered about you, if you do not want to receive more messages from us, or if you have any questions concerning this website, its terms or conditions and Omada’s privacy policy.
Copenhagen, May 25 2018