http://www.slapaddicts.co.uk/legal
Close
Slapaddicts
The term ‘us’ or ‘we’ refers to the owner of this website. The term ‘you’ refers to the user or viewer of this website.
Privacy Policy
What data may be collected
Information you enter into contact, signup, forum, login and other forms.
Data about page visits and search terms to monitor the websites effectiveness. This data is held on this server and is either temporary or anonymised.
Who data may be shared with
Mailchimp.co.uk (for newsletter signup)
TSOhost.co.uk (our hosting company)
Law enforcement agencies (if requested to do so)
Other third parties where we have embedded content on this website (we try to avoid this as a general rule)
Data retention
Data may be kept indefinitely, as it remains useful.
Data protection
If we believe your personal data has been stolen we will endeavor to let you know.
Your rights
You have the right to request data we hold on you or have us delete it (excludes data we are obliged to keep for admin, legal, or security purposes). Please contact us to make a request.
Cookie Policy
We use non-unique, temporary cookies for server load balancing
We may use cookies for essential functionality like maintaining login status or recording comments, please see WordPress for further information.
Sometimes we use cookies to combat spam and hacking.
Terms & Conditions
If you continue to browse and use this website, you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with the Privacy Policy, Cookie Policy and Disclaimer govern our relationship with you in relation to this website and any products or services provided to you. If you disagree with any part of these terms and conditions, please do not use this website.
The use of this website is subject to the following terms of use:
The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.
Neither us nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.
This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions.
All trademarks reproduced in this website, which are not the property of, or licensed to the operator, are acknowledged on the website.
Unauthorised use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offence.
This website may also include links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s).
Your use of this website and any dispute arising out of such use of the website is subject to the laws of England, Northern Ireland, Scotland and Wales.
Disclaimer
All products and services are supplied ‘as is’ or ‘as available’ and without warranties of any kind, either expressed or implied, including all implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title, and non-infringement.
This document may be updated periodically without notice. Last updated 12/07/18.
Back to top
©2018 Slapaddicts | Privacy Policy, Cookie Policy, Terms & Conditions and Disclaimer
©2016 Slapaddicts
Search: