http://www.greetinghub.com/privacy.html
Home | Frequently asked questions | Contact Us
Valentines | More Than a Feeling | Flowers | Roses | Silhouettes | Thank You | Wild and Free Romance | Butterflies | Angels and Fairies | Fluffy Friends | HotRods | Riders | Sports Happy Birthday | St. Patricks Day | Halloween | Christmas | New Year
This privacy statement discloses the privacy practices for GREETINGHUB.COM.
GREETINGHUB.COM strongly believes in protecting our users' information
and takes the issue of privacy very seriously. We do not advocate
"spamming"(unsolicited emails) and we will not disclose your personal individual
information. We collect personal information from you when you join GREETINGHUB.COM
and when you send one of our digital greeting cards. You also may choose to provide
personal information at other times, such as when you enter a contest or ask that
information be sent to you from one of our advertisers or sponsors. Occasionally however,
we will provide aggregated user data to third parties in the form of general user
statistics.
When joining GREETINGHUB.COM, you
provide only the basic information that is required to allow you to login to your personal
address book.  As a member of GREETINGHUB.COM, you have unlimited
access to your personal information in order to determine its accuracy and make changes if
necessary. To access your membership information, simply log into your address book and
choose "Update Personal Info".
By sending a GREETINGHUB.COM
greeting card you are agreeing to receive email messages from us. These messages may
include updates regarding our site's services, features and other information meant to
enhance your experience on our site. If you choose to send a GREETINGHUB.COM
card, but choose not to become a member of GREETINGHUB.COM,  you
must provide your email address and the email address of the recipient. This information
is used to customize the greeting and notify both you and the recipient that the greeting
has been sent and received. GREETINGHUB.COM is committed to protecting
your privacy and we will not disclose this information to third parties except under the
limited circumstances described below. If you opted to receive email communications from
us regarding our products and services, we will also provide you information on how to
unsubscribe from future emails.
GREETINGHUB.COM will not disclose
your personal information to a third party unless we are required to do so by law or we in
good faith believe that such action is necessary to;
(1) comply with the law or with legal process;
(2) protect and defend our rights and property;
(3) protect against misuse or unauthorized use of GREETINGHUB.COM or
(4) protect the personal safety or property of GREETINGHUB.COM members or the public.
Should you choose to provide us with false
information or attempt to pose as someone else -- information about you as well as your
computer's IP address -- may be disclosed as part of any investigation into your actions.
GREETINGHUB.COM does share
aggregated user statistics, with third parties for business purposes. An example of this
would be that you might represent a part of a percentage within a demographics report
shown to advertisers and sponsors of our site.
Cookies
In order to continually improve your experience on our site, GREETINGHUB.COM
may place a "cookie" on your computer's hard drive. "Cookies" allow us
to compile aggregate information about which areas of our site are visited most frequently
and to remember your personalized site settings. The traffic information attained may be
used to enhance the content of our site. By verifying that you are a member, the cookie
makes it more convenient for you to use our site.
If you've set your browser to reject cookies, you can
still use our site, but you may need to re-enter information that we would normally obtain
from the cookie. You can also set your browser to warn you before accepting cookies. If
you do, you will receive a warning message each time our site attempts to place a cookie
on your hard drive.
Greeting Card Information
When you send a GREETINGHUB.COM card, the information you provide to us
is used to customize your greeting with the recipient's name, your message, and to deliver
an email notification to yourself and to the recipient. We treat our digital greetings as
private correspondence between the sender and the recipient and will not disclose the
contents of a digital greeting card, other than to the intended recipient, unless we are
required to do so by law.
Privacy Changes
Because GREETINGHUB.COM strongly believes in protecting our users' personal information,
you have our assurance that you will be notified of any changes made in our privacy
practices. A notice of change will be posted on our site so that our users are made aware
of any changes made.
Valentines | More Than a Feeling | Flowers | Roses | Silhouettes | Thank You | Wild and Free Romance | Butterflies | Angels and Fairies | Fluffy Friends | HotRods | Riders | Sports Happy Birthday | St. Patricks Day | Halloween | Christmas | New Year
©2001 Sudio Inc. All rights reserved.
All visitors to this site must follow our Web site Rules. Web site Privacy Policy.
For Comments and feedback please use our contact form. Contact Us