http://www.oracle.com/legal/privacy/privacy-choices.html
Privacy Choices | Oracle
home
nav
Oracle
Close
Search
Search
Products
Resources
Support
Events
View AccountsSign In
Back
Oracle Account
Sign-In
Create an Account
Help
Sign Out
Cloud Account
Sign in to Cloud
Sign Up for Cloud Free Tier
No results found
Your search did not match any results.
We suggest you try the following to help find what you’re looking for:
Check the spelling of your keyword search.
Use synonyms for the keyword you typed, for example, try “application” instead of “software.”
Try one of the popular searches shown below.
Start a new search.
Trending Questions
Close
Legal Notices
Privacy
Oracle Legal
Legal Notices
Privacy
Terms of Use
Copyright
Trademarks
Logos
Pay Transparency
Department of Labor Notices
Overview
General
Services
Recruiting
Data Cloud
AddThis
Dyn
Choices
Privacy @ Oracle
Privacy Choices
Preference, Opt-Out and EU/EEA Subject Access Mechanisms
Please review the Oracle privacy policies for information specific to your relationship with Oracle. Below, Oracle summarizes the opt-out mechanisms found in our privacy policies. If you have a question or concern with regard to any of these mechanisms, please fill out our inquiry form.
Pursuant to the E.U. General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), and other applicable laws and regulations, individuals in the EU/EEA and other jurisdictions may have data subject rights enabling them to request to access, delete, correct, remove or limit the use, or receive a copy of their personal information in Oracle’s possession or for which Oracle is otherwise responsible. View instructions on how to exercise these rights.
Email and Profile Information
To customize and control your preferences for receiving electronic communications from Oracle or selected Oracle partners, including opting into (or out of) Oracle communities, newsletters and general interest areas through your Oracle profile, login at https://profile.oracle.com/and follow the prompts to “update my profile.”
You may opt out of Oracle’s email marketing by modifying your online profile as described above or by using our general unsubscribe automated link that is included in Oracle marketing emails.
You can also find details on how to automatically unsubscribe from email communications, as well as how to submit requests to opt-out from phone and postal marketing, on our Oracle.com Account Help page.
Cookie Preferences on Oracle Websites
Oracle enables you to opt out of cookies that are not required to enable core site functionality. Oracle uses its cookie preferences tool to processes Internet advertising and tracking preferences. Once you have set your cookie preferences, Oracle will follow the specific choices you made on the cookie preferences tool. Please remember that if you delete your cookies, or use a different browser or computer, you will need to set your cookie preferences again. You may access or change your cookie preference for Oracle websites through the “Cookie Preferences” link provided in the Oracle website footers.
Web Monitoring and Analytics
Oracle Marketing Cloud
Eloqua and Maxymiser provide website metrics and website personalization services to their customers. Visitors to these websites have control over whether their data is used for these services. If you don't want your data to be included in services provided by Eloqua or Maxymiser, you can simply opt-out. View your current opt-out status and make your choice.
Adobe
Opt-out of website analytics and on-site personalization services provide by Adobe.
Interest-Based Advertising Enabled by Oracle Data Cloud
The Oracle Data Cloud facilitates the collection and use of data by our customers in connection with interest-based advertising. For information on the Oracle Data Cloud’s opt-out mechanisms and information on how to access the data collected and processed by the Oracle Data Cloud, please visit the Oracle Data Cloud opt-out and access site, available at: https://datacloudoptout.oracle.com.
For additional opt-out mechanisms and information View more information about these Oracle Data Cloud services, the types of data collected and how this data is used, please visit the Marketing Cloud & Oracle Data Cloud Privacy Policy.
Learn More
Privacy Inquiries
Resources for
Developers
Startups
Students and Educators
Partners
Oracle PartnerNetwork
Find a Partner
Log in to OPN
Solutions
Artificial Intelligence
Internet of Things
Blockchain
What’s New
Oracle’s response to COVID-19
Java SE Downloads
Try Oracle Cloud Free Tier
Contact Us
US Sales: +1.800.633.0738
How can we help?
Subscribe to emails
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
YouTube
Oracle
Integrated Cloud Applications & Platform Services
© 2020 Oracle
Site Map
Privacy/Do Not Sell My Info
Country/Region
Ad Choices
Careers