http://www.123webconnect.com/privacy.php
Free Consultation  800.941.6062
Sales@123WebConnect.com         CustomerSupport@123WebConnect.com
123WebConnectA Web Development Agency
Request A Quote
Home(current)
Services
Web Design
WordPress Development
eCommerce Web Design
Website Maintenance
Local SEO
Tools
HTML Minifier
CSS Minifier
JS Minifier
Convert Pixels to REMs
Articles
Contact Us
FREE HOSTING
Serving Small BusinessOwner's Online NeedsSince 2006
Serving Small Business Owners Since 2006
Limited budget? We Can Help!
CALL NOW 1-800-941-6062
Privacy Policy
Our commitment to privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on every pages of our website.
The information we collect
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the 123WebConnect's website or via phone with a 123WebConnect representative. The types of information collected are personal, billing and project related. We might also collect information from you regarding third parties in relation to you (i.e. hosting company etc…).
The way we use information
We use the information you provide about yourself to provide services. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete your request for our services. 123WebConnect reserves the right to reveal this information pursuant to a valid subpoena or court order.
We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive for tech support, customer service, tell-a-friend, email updates. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online, via phone, or in person, in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
Our commitment to data security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online and offline.
All online credit card transactions are performed only on secure servers through a secure SSL connection and comply with the latest standards in the industry. All billing information, including credit cards information, are deleted upon termination of the project with the client.
Our commitment to children's privacy
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13.
Third-party websites
This website may provide links to third-party websites. Any such links are provided solely as a convenience to you. 123WebConnect has no control over these websites or their content and does not assume any responsibility or liability for these websites. 123WebConnect does not endorse or make any representations about these websites, or any information, materials, or products found thereon. If you access any of the third-party websites linked on this Web site, you do so at your own risk.
How you can access or correct your information
At any time, you may later review or update the personal information we have collected online from you by contacting us at: info@123WebConnect.com
To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
How to contact us
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please send us an email at info@123WebConnect.com
Request a Quote
First name is required.
Last name is required.
A telephone number is required.Invalid format.
Email address is required.Invalid format.
Please Choose One
Wordpress Development
Website Maintenance
Local SEO
Other
Please make a selection.
A description is required.
Free Web Hosting
×
`
Saving money is always a great thing, and when you're a small business owner it's even better.
New Website
When you work with 123WebConnect developing a new website, your first year of hosting on our servers is always free.
Website Maintenance
When you choose one of our website maintenance plans we will host your website on our servers free of charge (while we are maintaining your website, hosting is always free).
Get a free, no obligation consultationand price quote today.Call us now, 1-800-941-6062.
Close
Request a Quote and Proposal
×
First name is required.
Last name is required.
A telephone number is required.Invalid format.
Email address is required.Invalid format.
Please Choose One
Wordpress Development
Website Maintenance
Local SEO
Other
Please make a selection.
A description is required.