https://www.supernotebook.com/privacy-policy.php
SuperNoteBook.com Privacy Policy
Information Collection and Use
Two Point Enterprise, LLC is the sole owner of information collected on this site. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to any outside parties, except as outlined in this policy. We collect information from our customers to process orders and better serve you with pertinent information, such as order confirmations and order status updates. Information collected includes things like your name, shipping address, billing address, telephone numbers, e-mail address, and payment information such as your credit card number. One important aspect of Two Point Enterprise, LLC that sets us apart from the rest is that we do not permantly store customers financial information. All financial information is destroyed upon completion of your order.
Order Information
Most of the information collected in the registration process will be used to process orders. During the order process, you will have to provide financial information such as your credit card number and expiration date. This information is used for billing purposes and to fulfill your order. If we have trouble processing an order, we will use this contact information to get in touch with you. To properly process your credit card information, we must share your personal and financial information with the merchant bank for authorization and approval. This process is protected by an enhanced security system. See the Security section below for more details on security measures and procedures.
Cookies
We use cookies to store information about which items are in your shopping cart. If you choose to reject the cookie, you can still browse our store but will be unable to use the shopping cart to buy merchandise. The Two Point Enterprise, LLC shopping cart cannot function without cookies enabled so that the necessary information to process your order is retained. If you disable cookies, Two Point Enterprise, LLC will be unable to accept your online order. We will not share any information provided by this cookie with any third party.
Log Files
We use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track user movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. We link IP addresses to orders within our system, and we do not distribute or share IP information with any third parties.
Sharing
We may employ third party companies to perform functions on our behalf. These functions may include order fulfillment, package delivery, marketing assistance, postal and e-mail delivery, customer service, data analysis, and credit processing. The third parties we contract for these purposes have limited access to your personal information and may not use it for other purposes.
As our business continues to evolve, we may acquire or sell business units or subsidiaries. Customer information is one of the business assets that would be transferred in these types of transactions. In such a situation, your personally identifiable information would only be used in a manner consistent with our pre-existing Privacy Notice.
We reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law, and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our website.
Testimonials
The testimonials section of the Two Point Enterprise, LLC website is for the purpose of sharing positive experiences. The testimonials section is moderated to ensure accurate and positive testimonials. Published testimonials are genuine and are not edited or altered by Two Point Enterprise, LLC. Two Point Enterprise, LLC reserves the right to post or remove any testimonial at its discretion.
By posting your comment(s) or testimonial(s) ("Testimonial") on our website, you give us permission to reprint or use the Testimonial in connection with our business. You also are agreeing to the following: (1) The reprint or use of the Testimonial will be at our discretion and without compensation; (2) We may use the Testimonial with or without any pseudo (pen) name credit; (3) Our right to use the Testimonial is perpetual and may be assigned by us; (4) We may use the Testimonial locally, nationally or globally and such use may be made in any media, information or communication platform (including Internet advertising) currently in use or later developed; and (5) You and not someone else composed and posted the Testimonial.
Other than your pseudo (pen) name, which we may or may not use, your personal contact information will not be disclosed in connection with our reprint or use of your Testimonial.
Children
Two Point Enterprise, LLC does not sell products for purchase by children. Youth-oriented products are sold for purchase by adults only. If you are under the age of 18, you may only use Two Point Enterprise, LLC in the presence of a consenting parent or guardian. We will not knowingly or intentionally collect personal information via the Internet from children under the age of 13. Two Point Enterprise, LLC is committed to protecting the welfare and privacy of children.
Links
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that Two Point Enterprise, LLC is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site, and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies only to information collected by this website.
Security
Two Point Enterprise, LLC takes precautions to protect its customers' information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
When our registration/order form asks you to enter sensitive information (such as your credit card number), that information is encrypted and is protected with the best encryption software currently available in the industry - SSL. Two Point Enterprise, LLC uses the most advanced form of SSL software available.
Access to all of our users' information is restricted. Two Point Enterprise, LLC operates in a secured and locked facility that requires all employees to check in. Security cameras are positioned throughout the building in conjunction with multiple alarm systems. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job are granted access to personally identifiable information. Otherwise, you may call us toll free at 1-800-458-1606, to request that your information be deleted from our database. For future transactions, you will be required to re-enter your information.
All Two Point Enterprise, LLC servers, including web servers and database servers, are housed and maintained in secure locations. Access to our databases is strictly monitored and protected from outside access. Internet access is restricted and protected by multiple checkpoints and password protection. The servers on which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secured environment, inside a secured and locked datacenter. All backups are stored and locked in a datacenter. Only personnel with proper security clearance have access to these restricted areas. Backups are not permitted to leave the premises without prior authorization.
All employees are kept up-to-date on our security and privacy practices. Every quarter, in addition to any time a new policy is added, Two Point Enterprise, LLC employees are notified and/or reminded about the importance of privacy, and what they can do to ensure that customers' information remains protected at all times.
If you have any questions or concerns about Two Point Enterprise, LLC's security practices, you can send us an email at Sales@SuperNoteBook.com.
Special Offers
Our special offers are sent only to customers who grant Two Point Enterprise, LLC permission to send them such information. By placing an order with Two Point Enterprise such permission is considered granted unless specifically stated otherwise somewhere on the order.
To honor the privacy of our users, we offer the option to not receive these types of communications. At the time of your order, you may opt to not receive special offers and news by stating such in the notes box of the order. Furthermore, all special offers are sent via e-mail and include an opt-out link if you no longer wish to receive special offers and news.
Correction/Updating/Reviewing Personal Information
Customers may change or review their stored account information such as street address or e-mail address through our website by calling us at 1-800-458-1606.
Choice/Opt-out
For customers who wish to opt-out and stop receiving Two Point Enterprise, LLC special offers and related news, Two Point Enterprise, LLC provides several ways to do so. Users who no longer wish to receive our newsletter or promotional materials may opt-out of receiving these communications by sending an email to Sales@SuperNoteBook.com with a request to be removed. Finally, they may use the link provided in all Two Point Enterprise, LLC communications to automatically unsubscribe.
Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, the homepage, and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time, so please review it frequently. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of a notice on our website.
If you have opted out of receiving communications from Two Point Enterprise, LLC, you will still be able to view news of policy changes at www.SuperNoteBook.com.
Last Update
The Privacy Policy contained herein became officially effective April 16, 2014.
Address
Two Point Enterprise, LLC
142 Jodie Williams Road, Suite SNB
DeRidder LA 70634
order status |
checkout
Power Supplies
Power Supply Replacement
Carry Cases
Accessories
Articles
© Copyright 2018 Two Point Enterprise, LLCdba SuperNoteBook.com142 Jodie Williams Road, Suite SNBDeRidder
LA
710634800-458-1606shipping policyprivacy policy