http://www.emailaddresses.com/privacy.htm
Privacy Policy
The privacy of our visitors is important to us.
At EmailAddresses.com, we recognize that privacy of your personal information is important. Here is information on what types of personal information we receive and collect when you use visit EmailAddresses.com, and how we safeguard your information.
We never sell your personal information to third parties.
Log Files
As with most other websites, we collect and use the data contained in server log files to derive aggregate statistics and trends about the visitor patterns on our site. The information in the log files include your IP (internet protocol) address, your ISP (internet service provider, such as AOL or Shaw Cable), the browser you used to visit our site (such as Internet Explorer or Firefox), the time you visited our site, the page that referred you to our site, which pages you visited throughout our site, and other similar information.
Cookies and Web Beacons
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here.
We use cookies to analyse our traffic so that we can better understand how our visitors interact with this website. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners.Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on this site. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our visitors based on their visits to this site, and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
How can I control my cookies?
Every major web browser has built-in functionality to block cookies from being accepted automatically, or even opt-out from all cookies. Please be aware that the websites you frequently visit may no longer work as you expect if you do so.
You can choose to disable or selectively turn off our cookies or third-party cookies in your browser settings, or by managing preferences in programs such as Norton Internet Security.
However, this can affect how you are able to interact with our site as well as other websites.
This could include the inability to login to services or programs, such as logging into forums or accounts.
The links below will take you to information about how to control the cookies in the most popular web browsers:
Internet Explorer
Mozilla Firefox
Google Chrome
Apple Safari
Microsoft Edge
Email Service Reviews
Types of email service
For-fee email services
Webmail / Web based email
POP3 email
IMAP email
Email forwarding services
Internet / email fax services
Email service providers
All About Email
Email address search
Articles and tips
Find an email address
Check your email via the web
Deal with spam
Change of address services
Email-related software
Email etiquette guide
Discuss email on the forums
Other Online Services
Internet service providers (ISP)
Autoresponders
Anonymous browsing
Antivirus scanning tools
Blog hosting sites
Bookmark managers
Bulletin boards
Calendars and PIMs
Guestbooks
Email list hosting
IM, voice and video chats
Miscellaneous
Online file storage
Online photo albums
Online translation tools
Reminder services
Search engines
URL redirection services
Web counters
Web hosting
Search this Site
Copyright EmailAddresses.com 1998-2015. All rights reserved.About | Advertise | Contact | Link to Us | Site Map | Privacy