http://www.pegasusinfocorp.com/privacy-statement.html
About Us
Key Differentiators
Values
Alliances
Corporate Social Responsibility
|
Clients
Case Studies
Engagement Models
|
Services
Technology Consulting
Customer Relationship Management
Enterprise Mobility
Business Applications
Sales Force Management
Mobile Business Applications
Application Software
Enterprise Resource Planning
Game Development
Outsourced Software Support
Supply Chain Management
Augmented Reality
Application Maintenance
Business Intelligence
IT Infrastructure Management
User Interface Design
Enterprise Web Applications
Systems Integration
Business Software Solutions
Upgradation and Integration
Legacy Software
Software Maintenance
Cloud Computing
Software Quality Assurance
|
Technology Platforms
Oracle Platform
Google Solutions
Java Platform
Mobiles and Tablets
SAP Solutions
PHP Platforms
Microsoft Platform
PHP Solutions
Microsoft Solutions
Adobe Platform
Salesforce Platform
Social Platforms
Apple Platform
Open Source Technologies
JavaScript Frameworks
Cloud Computing Platforms
|
Careers
Careers Home
Advantages of Pegasus InfoCorp
Current Openings
FAQ
|
Contact Us
Request For Information
Request A Call Back
Contact Details
FAQs
Privacy Statement
In general, you can visit Pegasus InfoCorp's websites without telling us who you are and without revealing any information about yourself. This Privacy Policy is intended to describe how your personal information is processed and used, and we will make every effort to ensure that our activities keep within the spirit of this Privacy Policy. This privacy statement explains the data we collect from you and its use. We encourage you to read the complete privacy statement.
Our web server automatically collects your IP address when your visit our site. (Your IP address is your computer's unique address that lets other computers attached to the Internet know where to send data, but does not identify you individually). We use your IP address to help diagnose problems on our server and to compile statistics on site usage. We do not make your IP address available to anyone. When you visit certain areas of the website you may be asked to provide personal information (such as name, organization name, email address) that we need to process your request. In the event that you decline to provide such information, we are unable to process your information request. Still, we invite you to continue to visit the site and take advantage of the wealth of information it offers.
There is nothing special about the information described, and the practice of collecting this data has been generally standardized by virtually every Web Server on the Internet today.
Third Parties:
Pegasus InfoCorp will disclose your personal information or any of its log file information when required by law or in the good-faith belief that such actions are necessary to
conform to the edicts of the law or comply with a legal process served on Pegasus InfoCorp
Protect and defend the rights or property of Pegasus InfoCorp, or visitors of www.pegasusinfocorp.com.
Identify persons who may be violating the law, the legal notice, or the rights of third parties.
Cooperate with the investigations of purported unlawful activities.
Antispam policy:
Pegasus InfoCorp recognizes the receipt, transmission or distribution of spam emails (unsolicited bulk emails) as a major concern and has taken reasonable measures, to minimize the transmission and effect of spam emails in its computing environment. All emails received by Pegasus InfoCorp, are subject to spam check. Any email identified as spam will be rejected. With this measure, along with other technical spam reduction measures, Pegasus InfoCorp hopes to minimize the effect of spam emails. Pegasus InfoCorp reserves the right to reject and/or report any suspicious spam emails, to the authorities concerned, for necessary action, from time to time.
To know more about us, our services and solutions, drop us a message
or mail us at info@pegasusinfocorp.com
Quick Links
Home
About
Clients
Services
Technology
Careers
Contact Us
© 2020, Pegasus InfoCorp
Pvt. Ltd. All Rights Reserved.