https://www.totalphase.com/privacy/
This website requires cookies to provide all of its features. For more information on what data is contained in the cookies, please see our Privacy Policy page. To accept cookies from this site, please click the Allow button below.
Allow
Total Phase
Register
Login
Protocol
CAN
I2C
SPI
USB
eSPI
A²B
Factory
Store
Search
Support
Privacy Notice
What This Privacy Notice Covers
Total Phase takes your privacy seriously. Please read the following to learn more about our privacy policy.
We collect your data (specifically outlined below, but generally basic information about you in a professional context, such as email, job title, company name, etc.) strictly to provide you with access to technical information, events and other programs. We will not share this data with anyone unless you explicitly consent to us doing so. We honor your right to privacy and will comply with your wishes to remove your data from our systems.
You deserve to know how we collect and use the data you provide to us, and that’s what we are providing to you on this page. This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on totalphase.com, get.totalphase.com, or any website owned and operated by Total Phase Incorporated.
How Total Phase Uses Your Personal Information
This policy covers how Total Phase treats personal information that Total Phase collects and receives, including information related to your past use of our products and services. Personal information is information about you that is personally identifiable like your name, address, email address, or phone number, and that is not otherwise publicly available.
We use the data you provide to us for the following purposes:
Provide you with access to technical content, promotions, and events.
Analyze profile or behavioral data to help us improve the productions or solutions we offer to you.
We will store this information to keep you informed about other relevant products that may be useful to you.  We will never store credit card information in our systems.
We will never use or share the information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above.
Some information, such as your IP, Physical, and email address, may be shared with the following third parties who help us run our website and email programs. They will only use this information to serve our needs and are prohibited from using it in any other instance. They are: Net-Results (email marketing automation), Salesforce.com (salesforce automation), Zendesk (customer support ticket management), authorize.net (credit card transaction approval), Google (ad serving and website tracking), Bing (ad serving)
Your consent to allow us to process and store your data is optional; however, failure to do so may limit the scope or quality of service we are able to provide.
Information Collection and Use
General
Total Phase collects personal information when you register with Total Phase, when you use Total Phase products or services, when you visit Total Phase pages or the pages of certain Total Phase partners, and when you enter promotions or sweepstakes. Total Phase may combine information about you that we have with information we obtain from business partners or other companies.
When you register, complete an order, request a quotation, or request a demonstration we ask for information such as your name, email address, physical address, and company affiliation. When you complete any of the actions above, you are not anonymous to us.
Total Phase protects the security of your information:
During transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information you input and is fully PCI compliant.
We reveal only the last four digits of your credit card number when confirming an order. Of course, we transmit the entire credit card number to the appropriate credit card company during order processing.
Information is stored only in secure encrypted databases.
Total Phase automatically receives and records information from your computer and browser, including your IP address, Total Phase cookie information, software and hardware attributes, and the page you request.
Total Phase uses information for the following general purposes: to customize the content you see, fulfill your requests for products and services, improve our services, contact you, and conduct research.
Information Sharing and Disclosure
Total Phase does not rent, sell, or share personal information about you with other people or non-affiliated companies except to provide products or services you've requested, when we have your permission, or under the following circumstances:
We respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims.
We transfer information about you if Total Phase is acquired by or merged with another company. In this event, Total Phase will notify you before information about you is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Cookies
With your explicit consent, Total Phase may set and access Total Phase cookies on your computer.
Clear GIFs, pixel tags and other technologies. Clear GIFs are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, which are embedded invisibly on web pages. We or our service providers may use clear GIFs (also known as web beacons, web bugs or pixel tags), in connection with our Site to track the activities of visitors to our Site, help us manage content, and compile statistics about usage of our Site. We or our service providers may also use clear GIFs in HTML emails to our customers and prospects, to help us track email response rates, identify when our emails are viewed, and track whether our emails are forwarded.
How to ask us to delete your data
If you would like to unsubscribe from our communications at any time, you may do so in the footer of any of our emails. If you would like us to delete your information entirely, or request the information we store about you, please send an email request to sales@totalphase.com. Otherwise, by continuing to interact with our emails and programs, you provide us with permission to manage and use your data as described above.
Confidentiality and Security
We limit access to personal information about you to employees who we believe reasonably need to come into contact with that information to provide products or services to you or in order to do their jobs.
We have physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards that comply with federal regulations to protect personal information about you.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
Total Phase may update this policy. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your Total Phase account or by placing a prominent notice on our site.
Questions and Suggestions
If you have questions, suggestions, or wish to make a complaint, please complete send an email to sales@totalphase.com or you can contact us at:
Total Phase, Inc. 2350 Mission College Blvd, Suite 1100 Santa Clara, CA 95054 Phone: (408) 850-6500
Effective Date: May 24, 2018
VIDEO
Debugging
blog
Events/Training