https://www.jsware.net/jsware/privacytips.php5
Software
WEB-ED Editor
Now free
JS PhotoPrep
Now free
JS PhotoPrep Screenshot
Download, Install and
Compatibility Info.
Small Programs
BMap Kit
VB Color Picker
Desktop Writer
jsPageFilter
P D F Converter
Stream Viewer
jsFolderView +
Utilities For Windows Vista/7
Code and Utilities
VBScript Samplesand Components
VBS Samples - Index
VB Code Samples
MSI - Windows Installer
VB on Linux
Group Policy Help
XPFix - Improving XP
HXStoCHM Converter
Info and Diatribes
Online Privacy Tips
Online Security Issues: Internet Explorer
Browser Optimizing Tips
Disk Imaging Backup & Computer Upgrades
Changes in Computing
Whither Technology?
A reflection on the role of
technology in the age
of senile modernism.
Links
'Best Of'
Tweaks and Fixes
Site Links
Home - Search
About JSWare - Contact
Privacy Policy?
Blog
Online Privacy Tips
Information about privacy on the Internet:
Cookies, Referrer Fields, adware, etc.
Topics
About Online Privacy
What are the Issues?
Privacy Policies and Trust Logos
Increasing Hypocrisy Under Pressure
Specific Privacy Information
Cookies and Web Bugs
Super Cookies: Adobe Flash is Trojan Horse Spyware ... or Cookies are the Least of Your Worries
Anti-Phishing Protection: An Intrusive Gimmick
Email - Spying, Spam and "web bugs"
Beware of Web-based Email and Online Services
Referrer Fields And User IDs
Geo-location spyware
Ads are Spyware
The Intrusion of Ads
HOSTS File - The Single Best and Easiest Privacy Tool
Software Adblockers
If You Enable Script You're a Sitting Duck
Cloud Mania - The Return of the Walled Garden
Unforeseen Consequences
Other Privacy Issues
Final Thoughts
About Online Privacy
Privacy is a big topic, and different people have very different feelings about it. Often those
feelings are not consistent. For instance, Google's Eric Schmidt
famously said
that anyone who wants privacy is probably up to no good. Yet an article about Mr. Schmidt's divorce
quotes "a source"
saying that he and his wife are both very private.
One way to help clarify privacy issues might be to divide people into 3 groups:
• Group 1: People who don't care about privacy and don't see what the fuss is about.
• Group 2: People who are concerned about privacy, but don't want to put a lot of effort into protecting theirs.
• Group 3: People who worry about privacy and do what they can to protect theirs.
If you use free webmail
(GMail, Hotmail, Yahoo) or free "social networking" services (Facebook, Google+, MySpace)
then you are probably in Group 1 or Group 2. You don't worry about privacy, or at least don't care enough to
do anything about it. The information here will not be of interest to you. If you are in Group 3... this
webpage is for you. If you are in Group 3 and you also use some of the services above, then... this webpage is really for you.
It's probably safe to say that the vast majority of people are in Group 2. They are somewhat concerned
about privacy, but they like convenience. They like convenient online services. And they love free. If privacy means losing any of that then they'd
rather not think about it. The ostrich approach.
The fact that most people take an ostrich approach goes a long way to explain the current
landscape in terms of online privacy. Big online companies are increasingly making big money
by exploiting private information in a big way. Protecting online privacy, or even gaining a basic understanding
of the issues, is becoming increasingly complex. And most people are ostriches. The result is
a kind of "Don't ask, don't tell" scenario. People avoid looking under the surface of ad-supported online
services and those services, in turn, are careful to keep the surface looking unsuspicious.
In February, 2012 President Barak Obama's people released a fancy-looking
Privacy Bill of Rights,
made to look like an official government document, but saying nothing substantial. Concurrently, major browser makers
said they will
support a "Do Not Track" button
for browsers... Maybe... Well, actually,
not really.
Facebook's approach has been described as "asking for forgiveness rather than permission".
They exploit their members, to cash in on targeted advertising, as much as they feel they can get away with; then they backtrack when there's a backlash. All of this
generates vague sounds of progress, and that's enough for most people. That's really all the ostriches are asking for -- a credible excuse to go back to sleep.
Back to top
What are the Issues?
Computers enable efficient storage of data, with easy search and cross-referencing.
Modern privacy issues arise from that. It's not so much the information itself but the ease of access to
it, and the ability to "datamine" it, that's changed. Most people are being watched most of the time
online. Not being spied on requires effort. A few examples of datamining in action:
• Forbes ran a story
about a Target store that deduced through basic datamining that a 16-year-old girl was pregnant and began sending her maternity-related coupons --
much to the surprise of her father.
• NPR has an interview with Joseph Turow, author
of The Daily You: How the New Advertising Industry Is Defining Your Identity and Your Worth.
• PCWorld ran an article in 2007 detailing
how most people mistakenly think they have online privacy. (Little has changed since then, except that the intrusions have become more
extensive and more clever.)
•
A 2013 Wall Street Journal article
details what might be called "cross-device spyware" -- the increasing ability of online corporations and advertisers to know who you
are on whatever device (phone, PC, tablet, etc.) you use, and to connect all of your devices to you personally, showing ads on your phone,
for example, based on what you did this morning online.
• More recently
Google has been branching into matching up purchases at physical store branches with ads viewed online. What enables that is a trend
toward amalgamation of datamining, with giant data dealers like Acxiom and Datalogix getting involved to
cross-reference private information from various sources. Those sources might have individually promised
to share your private data only in a limited way. But the data dealers behind the scenes have made no
such promise. Most people have never even heard of these companies.
• As Edward Snowden informed us,
US government agencies are also collecting this vast data, in arrangements with the major online companies involved.
• Commercial server companies such as Akamai
present a third problem. Online services companies spy. The NSA spies. Then there are the companies that provide server capacity for large websites.
Those companies, particularly Akamai,
are well positioned to spy on most of your online activity by simply monitoring at the general traffic level. That's a problem that can't be circumvented simply
by controlling cookies and browser settings.
Most webpages now carry ads from at least one giant ad server. The most notorious is Doubleclick.
Doubleclick is Google. Youtube is also Google. A large number of webpages use the free Google Analytics service
to track their visitors. That means that Google is probably sent at least your IP address from nearly all webpages you visit.
If Google is contacted then Google can track you, which means Google should have little trouble knowing who you
are, where you've been, and where you're likely to be going. (Google has a famous motto: "Don't be evil".
But they never said, "Don't be immoral." What many people don't know is that in the semi-literate world of nerd culture, "evil" is adolescent slang for
"bad". As in: "Those cookies are evil. They've been sitting out for two days.")
Google/Doubleclick/Youtube is just one company. There are numerous other large online ad companies.
There is Facebook, continually cooking up new schemes for tracking Facebook members. There are a growing
number of membership websites that can track you. None of this is obvious on the surface. But one basic trend
runs through all of it:
Online companies offering free services are ad-supported. Many people want those services.
They want those services to remain free. They want those services to be very convenient. The companies involved
can make more money on ads if the ads are targeted, which means that if they know who is looking at the
ad they can charge more for the ad space. There is a lot of money at stake.
Spying has gone mainstream.
The New York Times requires people to sign up and allow being tracked in order to read their online articles.
The potential profits from online spying are so great that the NYT doesn't even publish all of their articles
in their newspaper. They happily risk insulting their paying customers by denying them access to part of the newspaper they've paid
for, in order to coax those customers online where their reading habits can be tracked!
Back to top
Privacy Policies and "Trust Logos"
Forget about privacy policies. They are meaningless. When companies
issue privacy policies they are typically so long and abstruse that no one reads them.
The policy does not necessarily say your privacy will be respected. In many cases privacy
policies explain that by using a service or website you agree to give up your privacy.
Even if you take the trouble to read privacy policies, and even if a particular
policy is respectful, the authors invariably reserve the right to change the policy at any time
and claim that you will auto-agree with any policy they publish, by virtue of their unilateral decree.
That is, they claim that you will automatically sign on to any contract they post, even if you
don't even know about it! In effect they're claiming the right to forge your signature.
What about the reassuring, official-looking emblems and logos from "trustiness"
organizations such as TrustE?
Organizations like TrustE are trade organizations, created to head off government action over online privacy.
In the view of most companies running online services, they simply can't afford to be honest.
They have to spy on you to meet their profit goals. (Which were concocted based on the assumption
that they would spy on you.) They pay for a TrustE logo, or join TrustE, or post privacy policies, to enable spying, not
to stop it.
What if you deal with a company that you really do trust? Perhaps you use free webmail
or store your photos at a free website. Maybe you have no doubts about the trustworthiness
and dependability of that
company. But that company could also be bought out. The
new owner would have no commitments to you. You cannot have a trusting relationship
with a corporation. It is an amoral entity. There is no one there. No one is responsible. There are only business decisions
made by ever-changing committees and boards of directors. That fact has been clearly demonstrated by
the case of Radio Shack trying to sell their personal data store as part of their bankruptcy restructuring.
So, privacy policies are meaningless. Period.
Back to top
Increasing Hypocrisy Under Pressure
One unchanging theme in the privacy debate is that large online corporations
make much of their profit from advertising. Increasingly, that advertising is "targeted", or customized
for the viewer. Targeted advertising pays more but requires spying on the viewer and tracking
their behavior, in order to determine what ads they should be shown. Public awareness of online
spying has also increased, though most people, addicted to using spyware online services such as Facebook
and free webmail, would prefer not to know about the seedy side of those services.
The increasing prevalence
and sophistication of spyware, combined with the intractably lazy ostrich mentality of the general public,
has resulted in a public discourse rife with hypocrisy, as comical
as it is contemptible:
• Microsoft, when they released Internet Explorer 10,
announced that it would enable
Do Not Track by default.
Advertising companies were upset by that announcement. What the advertisers want is for people to think
that advertisers are cooperating on creating privacy tools... like Do Not Track... and then to make sure that
such tools do not impede advertisers' spyware. The best way to do that is to provide privacy tools that no one understands
or uses.
Oddly, the Web standards body, the W3C, also
rejected Microsoft's move.
The scenario has become so strange that the W3C is institutionally opposed to privacy
and honesty online! Presumably the W3C fears that if the Internet steers toward honesty and respectability
that could destabilize online commerce.
If Do Not Track is disabled by default then only a handful of geeks will ever use it. Also, website/advertiser cooperation
with Do Not Track is voluntary. In other words, Do Not Track requires deliberate participation on the part of both websites and visitors.
So all the hubbub about Do Not Track is much misleading ado about nothing. It's very unlikely that
Do Not Track
will ever provide any improvement to online privacy.
Microsoft, meanwhile, tries to hide
cookie settings in Internet Explorer, in order to enable tracking. Microsoft is also adopting a strategy of conflating
their spyware online services with Windows 8 by encouraging people to "log on" to Microsoft online services,
with a Hotmail account, when they boot their Windows 8 computers. How does that fit with the idea of Microsoft
supporting Do Not Track as a default setting? Microsoft, like Apple, is trying to create an AOL-style walled garden
by integrating Windows with online services. If that plan is reasonably successful then Do Not Track
could actually help. With logged-on members stuck in a walled garden, Microsoft (like Apple with their restricted hardware
and restricted iTunes store) could sell spyware service to advertisers. Do Not Track doesn't apply if people
are willingly (or unwittingly) logged in. Note that this is not just speculation about
dire possibilities with Windows.
Microsoft has already descended to the depths of sleaze in
selling out their online services customers
to political advertisers.
• Mozilla CEO Gary Kovacs gave a "TED" talk
in May, 2012, in which he stressed the importance of online privacy and showed off
the Collusion tool for Firefox. Collusion allows people to
see, in real time, how they're being spied upon online. Collusion is somewhat interesting and informative, but it doesn't actually
stop the spying. Firefox default cookie settings -- which Mozilla tries to hide, just as Microsoft tries to hide them -- enable 3rd-party cookie tracking
by default. There is no excuse for that setting. Cookies were specifically designed to prevent access by 3rd-party websites. A 3rd-party
cookie is spyware by definition. As for Do Not Track, the Mozilla people
have adopted the absurd position
that they support Do Not Track but feel that the default setting should enable spying so as not to "impede individuals' choice".
Mozilla also gets most of their
funding from commercial web services -- first Google and currently Yahoo -- in exchange for setting the default search in Firefox to those services.
And Mozilla actually
removed a former Firefox option to block 3rd-party images, which are nearly all spyware tracking bugs and/or ads. Ironically, in order to access the TED talk at all,
one needs to either enable javascript and install Flash, or view the webpage with no "style". And unsurprisingly, the webpage contains tracking
code for Google, scorecardresearch.com, doubleclick.net, addthis.com, LinkedIn and Facebook. It's an irony of the ad-infested Internet: Website owners
find "content" (read: "any old thing") to put on their pages... so that they can show ads... so that they can make money. And the online privacy controversy makes for
fairly attractive "content".
• Anonymizing: A common refrain from online corporations using spyware is a reassurance
that your privacy is safe because "the data is anonymized". The major function of computers is
the ability to store, structure, process and analyze vast amounts of data quickly. There is no such thing as anonymized private data.
The whole point of computerized data collection and analysis is to de-anonymize. The constant refrain about
respecting privacy and anonymizing data only illustrates the lack of understanding among the general public about
how online and mobile spying works.
The bottom line is that these companies depend on spyware and feel they cannot do without it.
With various people in Congress and in the public sphere speaking up for privacy, the public discussion becomes
increasingly absurd and hypocritical. The only certainty is that the resulting privacy gimmicks cannot be trusted.
Back to top
Cookies and Web Bugs
Cookies are encoded text files that are stored on your computer
by websites that you visit. You are usually not informed of this happening.
You can choose in most browser settings whether to accept cookies
coming in. None of the major browsers will inform you nor give you a choice
about cookies being called back to the server. If you have cookies they can be called back.
How cookies function :
Cookies are an easy, low-tech means for websites to keep a record of visitors.
When you arrive at a website that uses cookies, the cookie is created or "set".
With Internet Explorer it will be an individual file in the Windows\Cookies folder. With
Mozilla browsers such as Firefox the cookie will be a single line in the file "cookies.txt", in the program folder
or in a Windows\App Data subfolder.
The cookie generally records the current time and a code number.
When you go to another page at the same website, the cookie can be called back. By referencing the code number,
the website can keep track of what happened on the last page....whether you ordered a product, etc.
If a cookie is used for this purpose it will usually "expire" (be deleted) after you leave the website.
Persistent cookies :
In some cases cookies will be "persistent", meaning that they stay on your computer....
They become a way to identify you on your next visit to a website. Persistent cookies
can be used to make a website password possible, for example, or to allow customization of the webpage that you see.
Using the cookie's code number, a website can reference it's record of your prior visits.
Third party cookies:
Cookies can only be read by the domain from whence they came. In the past this aspect
has provided a measure of privacy. For instance, a Yahoo cookie
is only read by a website in the Yahoo.com domain. With new advances in commercial exploitation of the Internet, however,
this limitation has been circumvented. Through the use of third-party cookies it's possible for one cookie to be read from
many websites. The way it works:
An advertising company, such as Doubleclick,
maintains the ad banners on a large number of websites. When your browser loads any webpage with one of these ads, it allows
the ad company to "set" a cookie on your computer. ( Even though you're not browsing in the DoubleClick domain, the ad is being loaded from
their domain. ) The result of this is that the ad company can collect information about your browsing habits on any of the
numerous websites that host their ads. Third-party cookies allow one website to have access to all the information
you've shared across many websites. If you allow cookies then you almost certainly have at least one DoubleClick cookie
on your computer right now.
UPDATE WARNING: Blocking 3rd-party cookies in
some browsers may not actually work! If you think
that you have disabled 3rd-party cookies,
visit
this page to test your browser.
In addition, there are
a number of known methods
that companies can use to "hack their way" past 3rd-party cookie restrictions.
Web Bugs:
Web bugs, sometimes called web beacons, are typically images 1 pixel square.
They are not visible. Web bugs are only added to webpages as tracking devices, to supplement
or replace cookie use. Sometimes when script is disabled or cookies are blocked, a web bug
will be used in it's place.
When you visit a webpage the browser loads all of the files needed for the page.
Every file loaded requires that you send a request to the server. The server then receives your IP
address, which is equivalent to an Internet phone number. If 5 advertising companies have web bugs
on a webpage, then 5 companies are informed when you visit that page. If those 5 companies have
web bugs on lots of pages then they have the ability to track your movements online.
To block web bugs you should use the HOSTS file. Mozilla browsers allow
blocking 3rd-party images
(images that are not coming from the website you're visiting),
but the setting is hidden in the confusing chaos of "about:config", and blocking all 3rd-party
images can render some websites unusable. (In rare cases websites load all of their images
from a separate domain.) Also, in some cases web bugs may be put inside an IFRAME. An IFRAME
is a browser window embedded in a webpage. An image inside a IFRAME may not look any different,
but because it's in its own browser window, the image becomes 1st-party! In effect, you've been tricked
into visiting the source website, which may even allow the perpetrator to set a 1st-party cookie. Using
the HOSTS file to block domains avoids all of those pitfalls.
Cookies and Universal User IDs :
A more recent development is the user ID in cookies. See the section below,
Referrer Fields And User IDs,
for details about that.
What does all of this mean? :
Some sites offer a free service in exchange for marketing information. For example, the New York Times
website requires that you fill out a questionnaire and accept cookies in exchange for freely reading their articles. That allows them
to keep a record of which articles you read at their website. You simply
have to choose whether you want to pay that price, allowing companies like the NYTimes to spy on you and sell information to advertisers about the
articles that you read.
To be realistic, if you have any persistent cookies you should not count on privacy.
With current technology, keeping even one cookie might allow any website to obtain an exhaustive dossier on you ( see next topic ).
And if you "register" with or join any online organization where you have to log in -- from the NYT to Facebook -- even deleting
cookies won't prevent them from developing (and possibly selling) a record of your activities.
An interesting synopsis of cookie and web bug usage is provided in the
LinkedIn Privacy Policy:
"We use ad technology such as web beacons, pixels, anonymous ad network tags, and cookies
to more effectively
serve ads to our Users on and off LinkedIn through ad networks,
as well as to collect anonymized, aggregated
auditing, research and reporting for advertisers. Because your web browser requests advertisements and web
beacons directly from ad network servers, these networks can view, edit or set their own cookies, just as if you
had requested a web page from their site."
LinkedIn doesn't appear to be any worse than other popular sites. They're just unusually
clear in their privacy policy.
Back to top
Super Cookies: Adobe Flash is Trojan Horse Spyware ...or... Cookies are the Least of Your Worries
A little-known and little-publicized fact is that there are a number of ways to
store tracking information on your PC without cookies. And the situation is getting worse.
As of this writing, you will need to avoid Internet Explorer, avoid javascript, and disable
Flash in order to achieve the level of privacy that you probably think you get from
deleting cookies. (It goes without saying that you also need to avoid installing the various
toolbars and plugins available.)
Privacy problems getting out of hand
Unfortunately, the privacy/security issues described here are simply too much for the average
person to deal with, and privacy laws are far behind the technology. While the Internet of just a few
years ago was a passive medium of print and pictures, that situation has changed
and a feeding frenzy has developed as various entities plot to cash in on an interactive Web.
There's a feeling of lawlessness to the whole thing, as software companies like Microsoft and Apple increasingly justify
spyware and trespass onto the private property of the PC, redefining the PC as a service
appliance, while Internet companies like Google/Doubleclick and Facebook justify mass-scale snooping and tracking.
They all want to find as many ways as possible to collect money from everything done online.
In connection with those changes, the basic, reasonable level of privacy that
most people think they have online is quickly becoming unrealistic.
Flash - trojan horse spyware
Many people do not realize that Adobe Flash is actually software embedded in
a webpage. A webpage is composed of HTML - text code that tells the browser how to display
a webpage. If you visit a webpage you can view the HTML code. Not so with Adobe Flash. A
Flash file, used to stream media, embed animations, etc. is a compiled program. When you allow
Flash to run you are allowing a small software program to download onto your system. That is
significant because Flash is actually running independently of the browser. In addition to security
risks from Flash itself, Adobe's Flash allows websites to store and retrieve data on your computer.
This data has been described as "Flash cookies", but it is not cookies. Flash can store significantly more
data than cookies can store. Flash stored data is not controllable through the browser. And Flash stored
data can be accessed by websites other than the originating one.
If you simply disable Flash you can avoid security risks, annoying, frivolous animations, and unseen,
personally identifiable, data storage by websites. But there are some websites which simply will not
work without Flash. (Most notable among them is YouTube. To download local copies of videos from YouTube
in Firefox without needing either Flash or javascript, install the
DownloadHelper extension.)
For more details about Flash data storage, see these links:
http://epic.org/privacy/cookies/flash.html
http://www.informationweek.com/news/showArticle.jhtml?articleID=160901743
Browsers - little-known data storage problems
As explained above, cookies are not the only way for websites to
track you by storing data on your computer. Flash can also be used for that
purpose. And there are also other methods being built into browsers. Internet Explorer
has the little-known userData object that allows a website to store large amounts
of data on your PC. In Firefox there is the scripting property window.globalStorage.
Like IE's userData,
this is an invisible, uncontrollable way for websites to store data on your PC without permission.
And the HTML5 specification includes a similar item, local storage.
This notion of "storage" represents a change in the commercial exploitation
of the Internet, with companies increasingly thinking in terms of providing "services" through
the browser. For that they want maximum interactiveness and maximum access/control of
the client PC. There is a gradual transition being attempted by online companies such as
Google/Doubleclick, Facebook, MySpace, Microsoft, etc. That development is not unlike the
scenario where a shopping mall replaces Main St., moving the public conversation to a private
retail establishment.
If you're content to let Facebook manage your friendships, while Google/Doubleclick provides
your software, then you will probably want to enable those companies to track you and store
their files on your PC in order to enjoy the full extent of their services.
If you find it a bit creepy that large corporations are taking the liberty
of storing data on your PC clandestinely, then disable script in your
browser. That can't be stressed too strongly. Script is implicated in the vast
majority of online risks, and it's also used in most of the ways that secret data can be stored on your PC.
There is an extensive detailing of the various data storage problems here:
http://packetstormsecurity.org/papers/general/html5whitepaper.pdf
If you would like to eliminate any currently stored tracking data on your PC, you
can download a cleanup script here. This script comes with an information file and
the ability to delete hidden files from Adobe Flash, Internet Explorer and Firefox.
Download cleardat.zip (5 KB.)
Back to top
Anti-Phishing Protection: An Intrusive Gimmick
Risks from Phishing:
Phishing is the name given to a particular kind of scam, typically perpetrated through email.
The way it works is that a scam email is sent that appears to be from your bank, credit card
company, etc. The email typically requests that you visit a website to verify information.
The trick is that the URL (Internet address) given may appear to be valid, but is not. For example,
if you bank at FirstNational.com you might get an email that asks you to visit something like
www.FirstNational.com.somewhereElse.com/login/etc. That website
is actually at somewhereElse.com, not at FirstNational.com, but the URL might fool some people
who are not expecting it.
Phishing is not difficult to avoid if you are careful: First, no company you do business
with should be sending you requests for online information in the first place. If you
think a request may be valid then inspect the URL before proceeding. The last part before
a forward slash ( "/" ) is the actual domain, the real address. Examples:
www.FirstNational.com.somewhereElse.com/login/etc.
Real address: somewhereElse.com
100.100.100.100/www.FirstNational.com/login/etc.
Real address: 100.100.100.100   (In this example the IP address is not translated to a URL.)
URLs can sometimes also be further disguised by substituting ASCII
codes for characters. Some websites do that with links when they don't want you to
know where the link goes. A browser will look for an ASCII code (in this case a hexadecimal number
representing a character) after any % sign. For example, a forward slash
has the ASCII code number of 47, which is 2F in hexadecimal notation. So
www.FirstNational.com.somewhereElse.com/login/etc.
is the same as www.FirstNational.com.somewhereElse.com%2Flogin%2Fetc.
The Gimmick of Phishing Protection:
Both Internet Explorer and Firefox have introduced what are claimed to be
built-in anti-phishing filters. Both browsers use a "blacklist" of known phishing sites.
IE also uses a locally-stored "white list". When you visit a website, the URL is checked and a warning is
issued if the site is a known phishing site. At the full functionality
setting, both filters check with Microsoft or Google, respectively,
every time that you visit a webpage. (The only exception would be with IE when
the URL appears in the locally-stored "white list" of sites considered safe.)
There are a number of problems with these phishing filters. First, the basic concept
is hare-brained. Phishing sites typically move around with great frequency, closing down
one URL to open another. So blacklisting is of limited value. Second, only the fully-functioning version of the
filter, which checks each website against a list at Microsoft or Google/Doubleclick as you browse, has any chance at all of being
even slightly useful.
But that constitutes a radical intrusion of privacy in the guise of protection.
It means that you will be reporting all the details of your Internet browsing
to a corporation that can then keep a long-term record about you, personally.
Google/Doubleclick sets and retrieves cookies when the Firefox anti-phishing filter is working.
Presumably Microsoft does the same in Internet Explorer. There is absolutely no
conceivable reason for these cookies other than as a tracking method to identify you and
compile a history of your activity, probably for the purpose of targeted ads. (Cookies are used to
store information between visits to a webpage, or to store information when moving
between webpages. But the websites that you need to check against the phishing blacklist have no
particular connection to each other, so there is no legitimate purpose in
using cookies with a phishing filter.)
Shocking Implications:
The introduction of these fashionable phishing filters by Microsoft and
Google/Firefox may be of little real value to the web browsing public, but the gimmick holds great promise
for the browser makers. If Microsoft and Google/Doubleclick can get people to
use their phishing filter tools in full-function mode, it could be almost as profitable for them as if they had turned
the Internet into TV, with each person online being exposed to increasingly targeted
ads as they travel from one website to the next, closely watched the entire time
by the company that gave them their browser. Yet few, if any, online analysts
seem to have considered that point. Most have just
jumped on the bandwagon of alleged security improvements.
Back to top
Email - Spying, Spam and "web bugs"
Some new services have appeared that claim to offer the possibility of monitoring
your email: knowing when and if your email recipients have read your message. These services
include DidTheyReadIt,
ReadNotify
and Constant Contact.
If you are not familiar with how such a service works then it may seem like a very clever thing to
accomplish, but actually it's just an old spammer's trick known as a "web bug". When email is sent
as "HTML email" it can have images included. The images can be attached as files, they can be embedded into the email, or
they can be linked. When an image is linked it is loaded from a remote location when the
email is opened, just as images in a webpage may be opened from a remote location when you
"navigate" to that webpage. HTML email is, essentially, a webpage.
Spammers often exploit the ability to link images as a way to track their spam email.
Each email will include a link to a tiny picture, just 1 x 1 pixel, using a unique ID number.
When you read your email it retrieves the picture, sending the ID number at the same time.
This allows the spammer to confirm that your email address is valid and to know that
you opened the email. Email tracking services work in precisely the same way.
The solution to web bugs is to prevent them from being loaded.
If you read your email
as plain text, or if you read it offline, or if you block images in your email, the web bug
image will never be loaded, so
that spammers and email snoops will have no way of
knowing whether you read the email.
Many email readers can be configured to block linked images from loading.
Thunderbird blocks them by default.
Many email programs also have the option to read all email
as plain text because HTML email can be a security risk (especially in the
MS Outlook and Outlook Express products where the HTML email viewer is
actually a high-risk Internet Explorer window).
If you are considering the option of paying a snoop service to track your email
recipients, note that your email can only be tracked if the recipient: 1) Reads their email while online and
2) has HTML email capability, but 3) has not disabled linked images and does not read
their email as plain text, and 4) does not have a firewall that might warn them that their
email program is attempting an unauthorized online connection.
Back to top
Beware of Web-based Email and Online Services
Beware: You may give up rights to your own private property if you use web-based services.
An increasing number of companies are trying to find a way to make money by providing
online services. Web-based email (Yahoo, Hotmail, GMail, etc.) has been available for
some time, and other services are gradually showing up: Microsoft and Google both have online office
software and online storage services, for example.
There are unique privacy and security issues with online services. Who owns your online email
and files? Who can read them? You may not mind having tacky Yahoo ads in your email -
and your friends may put up with it - but that's only the most obvious cost of "free" online services.
There are two basic problems with online services that have not yet been dealt with,
and those problems are only beginning to become evident:
1) When you store private files on a commercial server, the legal status of those
files is surprisingly unclear.
2) Many companies providing online services - most of which are free - take
the rather startling position that they are co-owners of any files that you store on their servers.
That claim is not usually made overtly, but is typically written into the user agreement.
You may feel that your Hotmail or your files stored on X-Drive or your photos hosted
on a photo album website are your private property. But that is turning out not to be the case.
You may have no control over files that you put into the hands of online service companies.
For example, Microsoft at one point claimed co-copyright and co-ownership of all
content passing through Hotmail. That means they were claiming the right, for example, to use
your private email or family photo in their advertising. (Microsoft did reword the Hotmail user agreement after
complaints brought the issue to public attention.)
More recently, a US judge
ordered
that all email from a specific GMail account be handed over to the court, including all previously deleted email. As it turned out,
Google/Doubleclick's user agreement states that they reserve the right to keep your email, even when you have
told them to delete it. This disturbing court case highlights both of the problems noted above: Google/Doubleclick is
claiming co-ownership of GMail users' email, and a government entity is regarding your email as Google/Doubleclick's property. The judge
was not issuing a warrant to search an individual's computer. Rather, the judge issued a subpoena to Google/Doubleclick
demanding the email of a private individual. The presumed owner of the email turns out to apparently have no property rights
where their own web-based email is concerned.
Google has been a well-regarded company in the past, but their pattern of storing private data
(from searches and GMail) is disturbing. And one of Google/Doubleclick's newer products is a search function
that combines online storage with the ability to search your computer. Again, that seems like a clever
and useful idea at first glance. But if you accept Google/Doubleclick's
search toolbar you could end up losing all rights of privacy to all of your own files! That's a high
price to pay, especially when you consider that fast and sophisticated search functionality is already built into
Windows, accessible from the Start Menu. (Well, sort of. Actually, Windows Search has been feeble at best since
XP. But there are good, free alternatives
available without resorting to spyware browser toolbars.)
Maintaining Privacy While Avoiding Web-based Email
Most ISPs provide the option to create more than one email account. If you use
your ISP's email you get more functionality than is available through web-based email.
(You can create storage folders, have multiple accounts, use filtering rules, and read newsgroups
from most email programs, such as Thunderbird or Outlook Express. And all of your past email
is stored on your computer - private as well as searchable.)
In order to maintain privacy and avoid spam, avoid using your primary email address
for any but personal correspondence. Then create two other email addresses: one
for commercial purposes where you are required to submit an email address, and one for
junk - situations where you need to submit an email address but have no intention
of ever accepting email from that source. When your second or third email address
starts to get too much spam you can just drop it and create a new email address.
Example:
You might create yourname@YourISP.com,
shopping@YourISP.com
and junk@YourISP.com. When your "shopping" or your "junk" email address gets filled
with spam, just drop that address and create shopping2@YourISP.com
or junkB@YourISP.com.
There are also paid, commercial email services available, typically for only a couple
of dollars per month. If you consider that it costs about twice that for a cup of foaming kiddie coffee
at Starbucks, that's really a cheap price for privacy and ownership of your own writings.
Back to top
Referrer Fields And User IDs
The "referrer field" is information sent by the browser when you arrive at a website.
Any website you visit normally receives your IP address, the name and version of your browser,
the page you're loading and referrer information. The referrer information
tells where you just came from. In general this is benign. It provides a way for website
operators to get information such as the URLs of other websites linking to them and how many
people are arriving from those links.
With the growing awareness of cookies, more people are blocking or deleting cookies from third party
sites, making it more difficult to track online activity between sites.
To get around that the referrer field is sometimes exploited to track people. Some websites may tack on extra
text to the referrer string, in order to relay information to the next website you visit. Do you allow cookies
at Google.com? If not (or even if you do) you may notice that most Google links now are not just links but
tracking devices. Where a link at Google used to be
www.somewhere.com
it will now probably be something like:
http://www.google.com/url?q=http://www.somewhere.com&sa=U&ei=my1ET_iTL8WthoE1VdgDw&
ved=0CWFTbEA&usg=AFQjCNSwPOYmjUcVJ_v0WewwwStN73FJ0MOJ8A
That link allows Google to watch what you click and attach tracking information to your referrer.
Google's "secure" search:
Among the items in the referrer string will be search terms from search engines. In other
words, if you go to a search engine and search for "potato salad", when you click a link that website
will be informed of the words "potato salad". Google has introduced a new service, with some fanfare,
that prevents the transmission of that information if you are a logged-in member of Google services.
However, while the search terms are blocked, Google still sends several coded ID numbers (like in the sample above). It would
seem that Google is not actually blocking transmission of your search terms, but probably just restricting
access to customers who use the Google Analytics service. Otherwise there would be no reason to attach
unique ID numbers to the referrer string.
Blocking transmission of referrer fields:
• Internet Explorer does not have a means to block referrers, but they
can be blocked in Mozilla browsers (Firefox, K-Meleon, Pale Moon) and in Opera.
See the browser tips page.
Back to top
Geo-location Spyware
Geo-location is a stunningly intrusive addition to browsers, yet many
people are not aware of it. Most browsers now support geo-location. Most do not
provide clear settings.
How geo-location works: If you use a cellphone or wifi-equipped
computer, hardware in that device communicates with cell towers or wifi access points,
respectively. Your location can then be calculated based on which towers or wifi servers
you contact and how long the transmission takes.
Any website can collect that information. They need only
add a snippet of simple code to their webpage. Or any number of 3rd-party
actors who have scripts linked into that webpage can do it. They ask the
browser for geo-location data. If you're lucky the browser asks you for
permission to provide it. Then the browser calls a service, most likely to
be Google, with the data collected from your device and the service returns
latitude/longitude coordinates, potentially accurate to within feet. The browser
then relays that data to the website.
There are several ramifications to this. First, the website may
know exactly where you are. Since they probably want that information
for targetted ads, the companies advertising on their website probably also know
exactly where you are. Since Google uses numerous tracking techniques on
most commercial websites (Google Analytics website tracking, cookies, Doubleclick ads
and web beacon, Google fonts, Google javascript libraries such as jquery)
it's very likely that Google already has a record of your travels online as
a result of their extensive tracking. That means they're tracking your IP
address. When your browser then calls Google for location data it has to
send your IP address. So Google ends up with your browsing history and
they've matched it to your exact location. All you had to do was to allow geo-location
service on only one website. Now they know where you live... Or they know you're
in the produce aisle of the local supermarket... With enough repeat tracking
they can know where you live and they can know your habits, your
social contacts, etc.
If you use a Mozilla browser (Firefox, Pale Mooon, K-Meleon)
you can, at least, disable geo-location. See the
Browser Tips Page
for details about that.
Back to top
The Intrusion of Online Ads
Online ads provide a means for advertising companies to track your online activity,
identify you, and then sell that information to other marketing and product
companies. That is possible because many commercial sites now have their banner ads supplied
by ad-company servers. Doubleclick, for example, is one of the biggest ad servers.
If you read the HTML code in nearly any major, commercial, website
webpage you will find links to ad images coming from Doubleclick.
If you allow cookies then you almost certainly have at least
one Doubleclick cookie right now.
Through the use of cookies, advertising images, and web bugs (invisible 1x1 pixel images),
advertising companies can follow you around the Internet, creating a composite chart of
your activities. When an ad image loads that involves your browser sending a request
for the image file, which allows the ad server to record your IP address. By combining that
information with information that you may share with various
websites, you can potentially be identified and a marketing profile may be created for you.
The reason for all of this spying is that targeted ads are worth more money. A golf ball company
would like to only pay for ads shown to golfers. Likewise, diaper ads, car ads, etc. all have a
"target" audience. If an advertising company knows who you are and what you buy they can make
more money by showing you targeted ads as you browse online. This is also the reason that
websites such as the New York Times want you to "register" and fill out a survey: They can
then use a cookie to watch which articles you read and show you ads targeted at your
demographic and personal interests. For example, a golf ball company might contract to show
their ads only to suburban people between 30 and 65, who make over $40,000 per year, thus raising the odds
that each ad they pay for will result in a sale. This approach allows websites to charge more
for advertising space while simultaneously costing less for advertisers to reach their audience.
Further, it provides important information that can be used in the actual sale: The golf ball
company can adjust their webpages and prices based on your profile. For example, when you click on their ad they
might show you a page where their golf balls are on sale if they know that you have bought
golf balls from another company recently....or wealthy people may see a display of, say,
the "executive platinum series" golf ball while people with more meager incomes may see the
same golf ball advertised as the lower-priced "pro series".
(This is just an example to illustrate the possibilities. It is not intended to imply
anything about particular companies or products.)
Targeted ads have become big business.
Distasteful hype terms such as "behaviorally targeted advertising" and "audience management"
are used to describe this attempt to glean and consolidate as much information about website visitors as possible,
from numerous online and offline sources, in order to "monetize audience members". (Which literally means "turn people into money"!)
This spying is not just an intrusion of privacy. It's also being done secretly, for the most part. People are rarely
aware of being tracked online. The good news: It is easy to block most tracking cookies, web bugs, and many ads, by creating a HOSTS file on your computer.
About the HOSTS File
When you go to a website the address must be resolved to a numerical version in order
to make contact. For example, if you go to www.somewhere.com, your browser
will look up that address to get the Internet Protocol (IP) address (like a telephone number) which is the real address for the website. This number,
might be something like: 25.201.1.244. It is composed of 4 numbers from 0 to 255. The
address of where you are coming from (for the purposes here) is always 127.0.0.1.
The HOSTS file dates back to a time when an index of Web addresses was kept on each machine. It is a simple
text file that can be used on all operating systems to pre-assign addresses for URLs.
It's your personal phone book, so to speak. You do not need to change any settings in order to use a HOSTS file.
A URL pre-assigned in the HOSTS file will not be looked up by the browser. This means that if you
assign www.somewhere.com to 127.0.0.1 in your HOSTS file then your browser will never load any files
from www.somewhere.com because it will be told that www.somewhere.com is your
own computer!
So the HOSTS file can be used to prevent loading 3rd-party ads, images, web bugs, etc. from
the websites that you visit. Moreover, the 3rd-party ad server will never be contacted so
it will not log your identifying IP address.
Side note: HOSTS files, Windows and Microsoft: Note that some Microsoft software may deliberately ignore
the HOSTS file. This link
describes how, with XP,
Microsoft began bypassing the HOSTS file for Windows Media Player so that people could not
prevent WMP calling home. It's possible that Microsoft could have hard-coded other such tricks into later versions
of Internet Explorer, which is yet another reason (in addition to security issues) that it's best to avoid using Microsoft software online.
But, that tangential concern aside...
Creating a HOSTS File
You may or may not already have a HOSTS file on your computer. To set up a HOSTS file for ad blocking
and web bug blocking:
1) If your system does
not show file extensions, go to Control Panel -> Folder
Options -> View or
Start -> Settings -> Folder
Options -> View
and uncheck "Hide File Extensions for Known File Types".
2) Locate or create a HOSTS file in the following location:
Win95/98/ME - C:\Windows\HOSTS
WinNT4/2000 - C:\WINNT\System32\Drivers\Etc\HOSTS
WinXP/Vista/7 - C:\Windows\System32\Drivers\Etc\HOSTS
(Adjust the path if Windows is not on C drive.)
Note that the file has no extension. It is named simply "HOSTS",
not "Hosts.txt", etc. Nevertheless, HOSTS is a simple text file that can be written in Notepad.
3)
Add this line to your HOSTS file:
127.0.0.1 localhost
Then add any known ad server or web bug URLs to your HOSTS file like the following, adding one URL per line,
with a space between "127.0.0.1" and the server URL:
127.0.0.1 ad.doubleclick.net
127.0.0.1 ads.atdmt.com
127.0.0.1 server.somewhere.com
Each line defines a particular Internet address as being on
your computer (127.0.0.1). If you add only "ad.doubleclick.net" to your HOSTS file you should
see a greatly reduced number of ads (which means a greatly reduced incidence of tracking).
Note that each server URL is unique. If you block "ad.doubleclick.net" that will not
block files coming from "ads.doubleclick.net" or "ad.doubleclick.com".
A "comment" line can be created with a hash symbol (#), like so:
# This line will be ignored.
127.0.0.1 ad.doubleclick.net
127.0.0.1 ads.atdmt.com
127.0.0.1 server.somewhere.com
Improving and Updating the HOSTS File
Once you start using a HOSTS file you need to add the URLs that you want to block,
and those URLs can also change occasionally. The more ad-server and tracking URLs you
put in your HOSTS file, the better it will work. To help with that process you can
download a HOSTS file "kit". The kit includes information and a script file that will collect
URLs for you. You just download a webpage that you are viewing and drop it on the
script file. The script then extracts URLs from the webpage code and optionally adds them
to your HOSTS file. If you use Internet Explorer this kit can also put a button on the
IE toolbar to automate the whole process.The download, hosts.zip, contains the scripts, further explanation
and a sample HOSTS file.
Download HOSTS File Kit (25 KB)
(Update note: This download now also contains a sample, improved HOSTS file that accepts wildcards,
made possible by using Acrylic DNS proxy. See info in the download for explanation.)
You can also find other sample HOSTS files online, preconfigured to block most
major ad companies and tracking websites. Though considering that a HOSTS file is such an easy, efficient
way to improve privacy, there is surprisingly little information available.
Back to top
Software Ad Blockers
Ad blockers have been increasing in popularity as more people become
aware of the extensive spying and risky malware associated with webpage ads. The ads
have also become so intrusive, in many cases, that webpages become all but unreadable.
Nearly all online ads are coming from large, corporate ad servers, with Google/Doubleclick being
the biggest. With ads on most large websites, Google is able to follow people around online.
Further, the automated system used to buy and sell ads has allowed malware to be injected
into webpages through the ads. It's a perfect system for attack: The ads are already designed
to bypass privacy and security by loading script and images from 3rd-party domains through
dangerous IFRAMES. With the anonymous nature of ad sales those ads become handy
attack vehicles. The problem of "malware ads" is increasing, providing
a new, more urgent
reason to block online ads from the big ad servers.
So maybe you should get an ad blocker? There are pros and cons.
One advantage is that ad blockers are easy to use. Though even a small HOSTS file
will block the majority of ads. It might be best to try a HOSTS file first because the
world of ad blockers is an increasingly sneaky business.
The ad blockers are being bought
out by the ad purveyors. The best known ad blocker, AdBlock Plus,
has a so-called whitelist
that allows some of the bigger ad companies to evade their filter. The big ad companies
are actually the worst, since their ads function as spyware tracking devices. Meanwhile,
the popular Ghostery privacy tool sells data to advertisers.
An even more bizarre case is the iPhone app Crystal, which not only charges iPhone
users to buy the Crystal ad blocker app, but then also
takes money from
advertisers, letting those companies' ads through its filter! Apple devotees are famous for being suckers,
but Crystal is a shock even by exploitive Apple standards.
Perhaps the biggest obstacle to privacy and security online is simply the
complexity of the issue. The landscape keeps changing. The goalposts
keep moving. It simply isn't realistic for most people to figure out who the
good guys are or what the best tools are. With the makers of privacy
software selling out their customers to corporate spyware ads, who can you trust?
Given the situation, the best ad/tracker blocking is likely to be
had from using a HOSTS file,
blocking 3rd-party images through Firefox,
and disabling frames.
Though it should be noted that the latter 2 options may break some websites
that depend on external images or that use iframes for actual webpage content.
Back to top
If You Enable Script You're a Sitting Duck
Without getting into the extensive details about javascript problems, there are
some things you should know: Nearly all security risks online require javascript enabled. In many
cases, online spying requires javascript. You can greatly improve privacy and security online by
disabling javascript. Unfortunately, some interactive websites will not work without javascript,
and browsers are not well designed to control javascript settings in great detail.
If you want to maximize privacy and security while still using interactive websites,
use two browsers. Set one browser to accept session cookies and javascript. Use that browser
for webmail, Facebook, etc. Set a second browser to block all cookies and script.
It would also be advisable
to disable IFRAMES
in the safe browser.
Use that browser
whenever possible, for any website where it will work. For example, one might use Firefox with
script enabled, and use the almost identical browser Pale Moon
with script disabled.
Cloud Mania - The Return of the Walled Garden
A Whole New Level of Privacy Issues
In the 1990s AOL reigned supreme online. AOL had their own browser. (Which was actually just a
doctored version of IE.) They also had services, shopping and chat groups. When an AOL member logged onto
the Internet they were transported into the vast AOL shopping mall. It wasn't easy to get out of AOL, onto the
Internet. Many people thought AOL was the Internet. The AOL arrangement was popularly described
as a walled garden: a sterile, controlled, commercial environment shut off from the rest of the world.
More recently the idea of cloud services has become very popular. Cloud services
are the return of the walled garden, but with some changes. Most notable is that cloud services stress
mobility: You can store files and settings online to be accessed from work or smart phone or home PC. With
the increased use of smart phones and tablets, that might be handy for some people.
But in general, cloud services are just a rehash of the same AOL scam, trapping people into what have come to be called "silos";
private, commercial sites separated off from the rest of the Internet:
• Apple tightly controls (and profits from) everything that happens on the iPhone.
• Google's Chrome browser is not really a browser at all. It's the return of the AOL browser.
Everything typed turns into a Google search. Chrome nags about "logging into Chrome". Chrome
is little more than an interface for Google services. Settings and options, for the most part, are
missing entirely. One cannot even control cookies and script! That enables Google to make sure
that you can be easily spied on while you move around online.
• Microsoft's Windows 8 and RT is designed to nag people to "log in" to Microsoft's
cloud, store files online, use Microsoft services, and buy software that is sold through Microsoft's store.
The "tile interface" design (formerly known as
Metro) is essentially AOL for high speed. It's a commercial portal,
festooned with giant buttons ("tiles") that connect to various online services. When
AOL was popular, people had dial-up connections. Dialing in was required to log into AOL. Once logged in, it
was difficult to leave AOL. AOL literally hid the Internet behind the maze of their services. These days
people have always-on connections. So Microsoft has created an overlay on top of the Windows Desktop.
The Metro tile overlay displays at boot, covering the Desktop and hiding access to the file system. In
place of the Windows Desktop one sees only gigantic, rectangular links to various Microsoft software and services. The
tile interface is actually very similar to the AOL entrance menu of circa 1998. (Remember the window
full of buttons for entertainment options that would display just after one had dealt with the credit card offer that couldn't be refused?)
But there is one radical difference: AOL was trying to cash in on your online life. Microsoft is trying to
cash in on what you do both online and offline.
• Networking sites such as Facebook, Google+, LinkedIn, etc. are a bit more subtle, but no less
inclusive, in their attempts to herd people, spy on them, and show them targeted ads. Google and Facebook both
started out as one business but each later transformed into an advertising company. We have developed a very odd situation,
where millions of people are having their communication and social life hosted by an advertising company in exchange
for their privacy!
Additionally worrisome is that many of the people at Google and Facebook seem to honestly
believe their own do-gooder mythology. Googlites want to "do no evil" and Facebookies want to "connect the world".
A bizarre, Orwellian example of such apparent self-deception was
spoken by Facebook's COO Sheryl Sandberg,
who said that Facebook "enables brands to find their voices… and to have genuine, personal relationships with their customers" ..."to make marketing truly social".
Ms. Sandberg is recasting Facebook's strikingly intrusive advertising as warm, fuzzy, fulfilling human relationships. She is redefining business as its opposite, social activity, while
she redefines retail products as provisional humans with a personal story to tell to their Facebook friends. With friends like that... who needs friends?
Those are all variations on the AOL walled garden. They are all attempts to promote
cloud mania with the intent to profit not only from the sales of computers and software, but
also from the ongoing usage of computers and software.
If you use "social" services like
Facebook and Google+ it's really not realistic to plan for privacy. Facebook is increasingly tracking everything they
possibly can, even
connecting peoples' offline lives, such as retail purchasing history, with their Facebook identities,
while continually blurting the absurd disclaimer, "Not to worry, it's all anonymized." But Facebook demands that people use their true identities on their Facebook accounts. And
Sheryl Sandberg claims to be playing Cupid between Facebook members and "brands". And
Facebook's partnership with Datalogix is specifically meant to tell advertisers
what you buy offline. There's no "anonymity" to be found in any aspect of Facebook's operations.
But there are still a few things that even Facebook fans can do to help minimize privacy intrusion:
Don't use Chrome. Don't use Safari (or anything else from Apple). Never stay logged into
any social networking site longer than necessary. Only allow session cookies. (Or set cookies to be deleted
when the browser is closed.) Don't click on Facebook "Like" buttons or similar webpage
"vote icons". Those buttons are just a trick to use your own vanity (pride in your own
opinions) to show ads to your friends in your name.
Facebook has been criticized for
using webpage coding tricks to spy on their members even when those people are not logged into Facebook. Completely avoiding that kind of spying
requires the use of a HOSTS file. But the situation is worse if you remain logged in to Facebook while visiting other websites.
Back to top
Unforeseen Consequences
If you don't protect your privacy it may be legislated away:
Most people are largely unaware of the spying and tracking that happens
online, and most would prefer not to know. But that selective ignorance could have unforeseen
costs.
This clear and
insightful analysis looks at long-term legal ramifications: As people gradually accept the premise that
it's not wrong for Google and Facebook to spy... that it's not intrusive for commercial websites to link into
your Facebook page in order to advertise to your friends by telling them that you just read, or bought, or listened to
their product, that acceptance changes the social norms. That can change court rulings and legal precedent.
The popular concept of "a reasonable expectation of privacy" is being defined in Europe as "the right to be forgotten".
But in the business-obsessed corporatocracy of the US we are headed in the opposite direction. If the average
person doesn't complain that online businesses track their activities and sell that information, then it becomes
difficult to assert any such thing as "a reasonable expectation of privacy".
George Orwell never could have guessed....
In March, 2012 the New York Times ran a feature article explaining that college
students on Spring Break have become notably subdued in their holiday partying activities because they
worry about incriminating photos getting online. Most
of the Spring Break revelers are addicted to Facebook and smart phones; constantly connected
to a circle of friends; constantly maintaining their public reputations through their online activities.
But that connectivity has resulted in a tragic-comic switcheroo: The students have become
careful about what they do and say. Not because the government is restricting them. Nor
are their schools or employers restricting them. Rather, the students are worried about the public record
left on commercial websites. They have imposed a restrictive sentence upon
themselves, in all of their activities, simply because they can no longer even imagine a life outside
of their lives as constantly connected "consumers", constantly monitored by an array of exploitive businesses.
The NYT article referred specifically to public drunkenness. College students are
worried that lewd or silly photos of themselves could end up permanently online. But this is really
a bigger issue than that. The students are addicted to Facebook. Facebook tells their friends
when they buy a book or listen to music. What started out as fun sharing with friends
becomes a carefully maintained public persona. Friends are turned into acquaintances,
as people avoid any uncalculated behavior in any place less private than a locked bathroom.
In a bizarre, Orwellian twist, people begin to plan who they will be in order to avoid legal
problems, career threats, or public ridicule.
Ironically, we cannot provide a link to the NYT story because the NYT, like Facebook,
is no longer really online. It has converted into a private service. You cannot access NYT webpages
at all unless you allow them to spy on you. To access more than a few pages requires joining up,
providing personal information, paying a monthly fee and allowing them to spy on you.
Back to top
Other Privacy Issues
• Download "accelerators" and similar software of dubious benefit
Most programs and services that promise faster browsing or downloads are provided
for the purpose of online tracking. Some are spyware. Others require that you allow all online activity to be tracked.
Some people may not be bothered by that. If you are, and you use these kinds of programs/services, you should
read the privacy agreement and license. (Be aware, too, that most privacy agreements contain disclaimers
saying the agreement can be changed at any time without notification. Such a privacy agreement is meaningless.) There is an
interesting article on CNET if you want to know more.
• In some cases, clicking a link in email to go to a website will send your email address to that site.
A solution to that is to copy and paste the URL into your browser.
• Some ISPs have begun selling tracking information to marketers. Check your ISP's privacy
statement if you're concerned about that.
• Browser toolbars are nonsense
There is no good reason to ever accept the installation of a browser toolbar.
They are simply spyware. But one has to be careful to avoid them. Software installers often
try to sneak in a browser toolbar. For example, many freeware installers will present a window
with an option selected to install the Ask.com toolbar
from InterActiveCorp.
• Smart Phones are a tracking collar
Using a so-called smart phone is actually more intrusive than radio tracking attached
to wild animals. First, the phone itself is a tracking collar. (In addition to GPS services, receiving a call requires that the phone
continually "ping" nearby phone towers, and US federal law requires that cellphones be precisely geo-locatable through those pings, for the purposes of 911 calls.)
If you use an Apple phone or other gadget, you can also be tracked and identified by your Apple ID number. (More recently
that tracking has been "improved" through the newer
IDFA or "ID For Advertisers".) In September, 2012 evidence came to light
that either Apple or 3rd-party software authors were amassing Apple gadget IDs and personal data, then seemingly sharing that data with
NCFTA, a commercial shadow organization
created to legalize the illegal sharing of private information with the FBI.
Presumably there's also money to be made through "accidental" leaks of such data for commercial purposes. There's no way to know how
many entities might have received the list of IDs and personal information, but the existence of such a list shows that
neither Apple nor their "app" makers can be trusted because Apple does not respect privacy by design.
Beyond that, just
about anything on your phone may be stolen by hackers or even by companies that supply the phone's
software. From
Path.com and others
stealing address books, to
Facebook stealing text messages, the theft of photos and wiretapping of phone calls,
your smart phone is an open book. You might even have the entire contents of your phone
copied during a routine traffic stop by police,
without your knowledge.
(For a more in-depth discussion of cellphone privacy issues,
see here.)
Back to top
Final Thoughts
There's a pattern here. Entities as varied as commercial online services and overzealous cops
are taking advantage of murky territory created by the sheer ease of accessing information.
Facebook employees would never be ordered to steal your briefcase. Nor can police search
your briefcase without reason. (At least not legally.) But a situation has developed where the
content of your briefcase can be copied in a second, without you knowing, and with very little
effort. Stealing your briefcase, so to speak, has become so easy that it's easy to pretend
that it's not theft at all.
Even if we assume good intentions on the part of all commercial interests and law enforcement
agencies, we are still creating an ominous situation. An Orwellian police state does not necessarily
require a corrupt government, and radical privacy intrusion does not necessarily require corrupt businesses.
As information becomes easier to store and process, marketers
and bean counters and bureaucrats and law enforcement are all increasingly deciding that if we
can get and store information, then we should. They figure that it might come in handy, so why not?
It usually gets stored with few people noticing. Therefore, few people complain. As a result,
as noted above,
we are establishing a legal precedent and social tradition by which no one has a right to privacy, anywhere or
at any time. In other words, if you don't act to protect your own privacy then you are acting to eliminate it.
Back to top