http://www.pioneercomputers.com.au/privacy/
Australia   Japan   China   Taiwan   Brazil
Sign In
Register
Home » Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
At Pioneer Computers, we are committed to protecting our customer's privacy. We use the information we collect about you to process orders and to provide a more personalised shopping experience. Pioneer Computers will not sell, trade, or rent your personal information to others.
When you place an order you will be asked for the following personal information: your name, phone number, e-mail address, mailing address, delivery address and any special delivery instructions. This allows us to process and fulfil your order and to notify you of your order status. We may use the information we collect to occasionally notify you about new products and services, and special offers we think you'll find valuable. By using our Web site, you consent to the collection and use of this information by Pioneer Computers
The online store at http://www.pioneercomputers.com.au does not take your credit card information online; you may contact a sales representative over the telephone. It has always been a practice of Pioneer Computers to contact customers in the event of a potential problem with your purchase or any normal business communication regarding your purchase.
New technologies are constantly emerging on the Internet that help us deliver more customised visitor experiences. Our web site primarily uses "cookies" to help us determine the service and support information appropriate to your machine and to maintain your shopping experience in our online store. Our use of this technology does not mean that we automatically know any information about you. We might be able to ascertain what type of computer you are using, but beyond that, our use of cookies is designed only to provide you with a better experience when using our web site. Pioneer Computers has no desire or intent to infringe on your privacy while using the web site.
Pioneer Computers may be required to disclose personal information in connection with law enforcement, fraud prevention, regulation, and other legal action or if Pioneer reasonably believes it is necessary to do so to protect Pioneer, its customers, or the public.
Please be aware that other web sites that may be accessed through our site may collect personally identifiable information about you. The information practices of those third-party web sites linked to out web site are not covered by this privacy statement. Pioneer Computers is not responsible for the privacy practices of the Web sites that it does not operate.
You are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your passwords or any account information. Please be careful and responsible whenever you are online. If you post personal information online that is accessible to the public, you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return. While we strive to protect your personal information, Pioneer Computers cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk.
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.
Contact Pioneer Computers
If you would like to contact us for any reason regarding our privacy practices, please write to us at the following address:
Pioneer Computers
P.O. Box 680 Chatswood NSW 2067
Copyright © 2017 Pioneer Computers. All rights reserved. Terms and Conditions of Sale | Privacy Policy | Disclaimer
All trademarks and logos remain the properties of their respective companies.