https://www.easterndata.co.uk/privacypolicy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
This privacy and cookie policy lays out how Eastern Data Group (EDG) henceforth referred to as ‘the Company’ uses and protects any information you give EDG when you use this website.
EDG is committed to abiding by this privacy policy throughout the operation of its business ensuring that your privacy is protected.
For the purpose of the Data Protection Act 1988, the data controller is Eastern Data Group Ltd., Registered in England No.1565317, Reg. Whitelands Business Centre, Terling Road, Hatfield Peverel, Chelmsford, Essex, CM3 2AG.
This Policy Covers
What data we collect and how we collect it
What we do with the information we gather
Security of data storage
Links to other websites
Our cookie policy
Options available to you for controlling your personal information
What We Collect
We may collect the following information when you fill in a web form:
Name, company and job title
Email address
Phone number
Information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
We may collect the following information through cookies or browser settings:
Demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
Website visit information such as pages visited, duration of visit and other viewing information
If you are a business, we may also track:
Your IP address
Using your IP address, we may collect your business contact details
What We Do With the Information We Gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping
We may use the information to improve our products and services
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail
We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Links to Other Websites
Our website www.easterndata.co.uk (including this privacy policy) may contain links to other websites of interest.
However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement.
You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Cookies
A cookie is a small amount of data, which often includes a unique identifier that is sent to your device’s web browser from a website and is stored on your device’s hard drive.
How We Use Cookies
We may use cookies for a number of purposes:
For use in Google Analytics and other services to track website traffic data, which is reported anonymously for analytical purposes. This allows us to understand how our website is used and to improve its efficiency
To tailor our website to your specific needs
For advertising, ad targeting and remarketing purposes
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
We use third party cookies from Lead Liaison, Google Adwords and Google Analytics to collect data about user behaviour.
Our remarketing strategies may place banner ads on subsequent websites you visit. Clicking on these ads will direct you back to our website group.
Our online advertising campaigns are hosted by third party vendors, including Google and Lead Liaison, who use cookies to base advertisements on information about you and your browsing behaviour, including your previous visits to our website(s).
You can choose to opt out of Google cookie tracking. You can also opt out of Google’s and other third-party vendors’ use of cookies by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative.
We may also use Google’s DoubleClick’s remarketing pixels. You can opt out of these on Google.
If you wish to turn off cookies it is usually possible to stop your browser from accepting them:
Cookie settings in Internet Explorer
Cookie settings in Firefox
Cookie settings in Chrome
Cookie settings in Safari web and iOS
GDPR and Telemarketing
We use data to carry out direct B2B and B2C marketing and sales and research. The lawful basis we use for this processing is “Legitimate Interest” in accordance with recital 47 of the GDPR.
The ICO recommend that companies using this basis conduct a “Legitimate Interests Assessment” (LIA) and we have done this. The Company complies in full with the TPS and CTPS to prevent unwanted sales and marketing calls and maintains its own company “Do not Call list” in line with Ofcom regulations.
What Information Do We Have About You?
If at any time you wish to find out exactly what information we hold about you and/or your business please feel free to contact us on info@easterndata.co.uk and request a summary of all information we hold about you and your activity on our website.
Please note – we are able to provide all data we have regarding your company or personal details and your tracked activity on our website. We are not able to provide you with information as to which demographic groups Google Analytics may have anonymously placed you into for web traffic analysis.
Controlling Your Personal Information
As a business, by providing your personal information to our website, or by making your company information available via your IP address, you consent to being contacted for direct marketing purposes.
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
Whenever you have completed a form on our website, you can indicate to us that you do not want the information to be used by us for direct marketing purposes by emailing info@easterndata.co.uk
If you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at info@easterndata.co.uk
Any direct marketing emails set to you will include an unsubscribe link by which you may remove your email address from our mailing list
If you believe that any information we are holding about you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. If you would like a copy of the information held about you please write to: Eastern Data Group Ltd., Registered office. Whitelands Business Centre, Terling Road, Hatfield Peverel, Chelmsford, Essex, CM3 2AG.
Request a Demo