https://www.netcraft.com.au/privacy-policy
HomeISP Billing & ProvisioningService Provider NetworkingInfrastructure SupportCorporate InfrastructureUSSD ApplicationsSoftware DevelopmentDisaster RecoveryAdvanced Linux ExpertiseAdvanced Security SolutionsPrivacy PolicyContact Us
Customer Login
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
This document sets forth the privacy policy for the Netcraft Australia Pty Ltd (Netcraft) website, https://www.netcraft.com.au/
Netcraft is committed to providing you with the best possible customer service experience. Netcraft is bound by the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth), which sets out a number of principles concerning the privacy of individuals.
Collection and use of your personal information
There are many aspects of the site which can be viewed without providing personal information, however, for customer support features you are required to submit personally identifiable information. This may include but is not limited to your name, your email address, a unique username and password, or you may need to provide sensitive information in the recovery of a lost password.
For each web site page access we automatically collect information about the request, including but not limited to the page accessed, your browser type, version and language, operating system, page access times, referring website address, and client IP address. Some of this information may be personally identifiable information. This collected information is used solely internally for purposes such as monitoring for malicious activity, gauging visitor traffic and trends, and delivering personalized content to you while you are at this site.
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future, only newly collected data will be used for any new purposes.
Sharing of your personal information
We may occasionally hire other companies to provide services on our behalf, including but not limited to handling customer support enquiries, processing transactions or customer freight shipping. Those companies will be permitted to obtain only the personal information they need to deliver the service. Netcraft takes reasonable steps to ensure that these organisations are bound by confidentiality and privacy obligations in relation to the protection of your personal information.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Netcraft reserves the right to make amendments to this privacy policy at any time. If you have objections to this privacy policy, you should not access or use this site.
Accessing Your Personal Information
You have a right to access your personal information, subject to exceptions allowed by law. If you would like to do so, please let us know. You may be required to put your request in writing for security reasons. Netcraft reserves the right to charge a fee for searching for, and providing access to, your information on a per request basis.
Disclaimer
All the information on this website is published in good faith and only for general information purposes.
Netcraft doesn't make any warranties about the completeness, reliability and accuracy of this information. Any action you take upon the information you find on this website is at your own risk.
Netcraft won't be liable for any losses and/or damages in connection with the use of our website. From our website, you can visit other websites by following hyperlinks to external sites. While we strive to provide quality links to useful and ethical websites, we have no control over the content and nature of these sites.
Links to other websites don't imply a recommendation for all the content found on the sites. Site owners and content may change without notice and may occur before we have the opportunity to remove a link that may no longer be 'live' or relevant.
When you leave our website, other sites may have different privacy policies and terms which are beyond our control. Please be sure to check the privacy policies of these sites as well as their "Terms of Service" before engaging in any business or uploading any information.
If you require any more information please feel free to contact us. By using our website, you consent to our disclaimer and agree to its terms.
Contacting us
Netcraft welcomes your comments regarding this privacy policy. If you have any questions about this privacy policy and would like further information, please contact us by any of the following means during business hours Monday to Friday.
Telephone: +61 8 8133 3333
Postal Address:
Attn: Privacy Policy
Netcraft Australia Pty Ltd
Suite 2, 259 Glen Osmond Road
Frewville SA 5063
Australia