https://www.sicomponents.com/terms/
Use of this web site, and information distributed in conjunction with this website, including without limitation the SiComponents Newsletter Service, is offered to you on your acceptance of these Terms of Use, our Privacy Policy and other notices posted on this web site. Your use of this web site or of any content presented in any and all areas of the web site indicates your acknowledgment and agreement to these Terms of Use, our Privacy Policy and other notices posted on this web site. If you do not agree to be bound by and comply with all of the foregoing, you may not access or use our information, services, or web site. We suggest you print a copy of each of these documents for your records.
Trademarks
SiComponents, TsiLang, Resource Builder are registered trademarks of Igor Sitikov and are protected by the laws of the United States and other countries.
RAD Studio, Delphi and C++Builder are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of Embarcadero Technologies, Inc. and are protected by the laws of the United States and other countries.
All other trademarks are property of their respective owners.
Website
SiComponents make no representations about the suitability of the information contained in the documents and related graphics published on this web site for any purpose. All such documents and related graphics are provided “as is” without warranty of any kind.
This web site may include technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. Changes are periodically made to the information contained in this web site, which may be incorporated in new editions of the SiComponents web site without prior notice.
SiComponents reserves the right to improve, change, or discontinue the product(s) and service(s) described on this web site at any time.
Other
SiComponents shall have the right, at its sole discretion, to modify, add or remove any terms or conditions of these Terms of Use without notice or liability to you. Any changes to these Terms of Use shall be effective immediately following the posting of such changes on this web site. The most recent version of these Terms of Use may always be found at:
https://www.sicomponents.com/terms/
You agree to review these Terms of Use from time to time and agree that any subsequent use by you of this web site following changes to these Terms of Use shall constitute your acceptance of all such changes.