https://www.serverparts4less.com/privacy-policy/
Autumn Savings! Save 2% on each Hard Drive and Memory Module valued $25 or more! Ends December 31st.
The cookie settings on this website are set to 'allow all cookies' to give you the very best experience. Please click Accept Cookies to continue to use the site.
Accept Cookies
About Us
Call us: 866-677-9666
My Account
Sign in
Register
0ITEM(S)
Toggle menu
Search
0
Home
Request a Quote
Search
Storage Drives
All Storage Drives
Hard Drives
All Hard Drives
Fibre Channel Drives
SATA Hard Drives
SAS Hard Drives
SCSI Drives
Solid State Drives
All Solid State Drives
SAS Solid State Drives
SATA Solid State Drives
Enclosures
Hard Drive Trays
RAID Controllers
Memory
Power Supply
MotherBoards
Processors
Servers
Networking
All Networking
Adapters
Transceivers
Server Parts
All Server Parts
Cables
Batteries
Fans
Heat Sinks
Optical Drives
HP WorkStations
All HP WorkStations
WorkStation MotherBoards
WorkStation Power Supplies
Request a Quote
Privacy Policy
Shipping Policy/RMA
Contact Us
About Us
Sign in
or Register
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which MSP DATA SYSTEMS, INC. (dba serverparts4less.com) collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a "User") of the https://www.serverparts4less.com website ("Site"). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by MSP DATA SYSTEMS, INC. (dba serverparts4less.com).
Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, register on the site, place an order, fill out a form, subscribe to the newsletter and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information,
Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously.
We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookies
Our Site may use "cookies" to enhance User experience. The user's web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
How we use collected information
MSP DATA SYSTEMS, INC. (dba serverparts4less.com) collects and uses Users personal information for the following purposes:
To improve customer serviceYour information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs.
To personalize user experienceWe may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site.
To improve our SiteWe continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you.
To process transactionsWe may use the information Users provide about themselves when placing an order only to provide service to that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to provide the service.
To send periodic emailsThe email address Users provide for order processing, will only be used to send them information and updates pertaining to their order. It may also be used to respond to their inquiries, and/or other requests or questions. If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email or User may contact us via our Site.
How we protect your information
We consider our customer's safety and security as the highest priority on our site. We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Sensitive and private data exchange between the Site and its Users happen over a SSL secured communication channel and is encrypted as well as protected with digital signatures.
We also provide our customer Norton's Shopping Guarantee that includes perks such as $10,000 in Identity Theft Protection.
Compliance with children\'s online privacy protection act
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our Site from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13.
Changes to this privacy policy
MSP DATA SYSTEMS, INC. (serverparts4less.com) has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we post a notification on the main page of our Site and we revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy and terms of service. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at:MSP DATA SYSTEMS, INC. (dba serverparts4less.com)https://www.serverparts4less.com1205 SARAH AVE. SUITE 141 LONGWOOD, FL 32750 UNITED STATES(866) 677-9666sales@serverparts4less.com
×