https://www.watchdirectory.net/privacy.html
watchDirectoryGdP Software Privacy StatementGdP Software
Home
Contact / About Us
Buy Now
Downloads
FAQ
Support Forum
Blog
Helpfile
Search
Privacy Statement - Short Version
GdP Software is concerned about your privacy. While we do collect some information (see below for details), it is all kept secret. Furthermore,
none of this information is shared with other parties - Guaranteed.
Your Privacy on this Web site
Our web server logs all the pages you visit on this web site. Information that is logged includes your IP address. We primarily use this information
to optimize your experience on our site and find/correct broken links.
This web site also uses Cookies to store similar information.
Your E-Mail address
We never share your e-mail address with other parties!
When you ask us a question on our contact form, we (obviously) use
your e-mail address to reply to you. Your e-mail address will not be used for any other purpose.
If you sign-up for our newsletter, your e-mail address is only
used to send you our newsletter. If you decide to unsubscribe from our newsletter you will not hear from us again.
Your shopping experience
Our sales are handled by our reseller Plimus. Purchasing online through their system is fast, easy and completely secure.
When you order in their shop we receive an e-mail notification of your order. This e-mail notification does not contain
any credit card information you may have entered. All other information - your e-mail address and telephone number - is included
in this notification. We will use this information to notify you of updates to our programs.
watchDirectory - Summary
Depending on how you configure WatchDirectory it may need to access the internet. This will never secretly happen without your knowledge!
watchDirectory - Check for Updates
When you use the option to "Check for Updates" inside our programs, it will access a page on our web site. This access is logged
by our web server. Note that you can disable this check using the "View ->Options" menu inside the WatchDirectory Control Center.
watchDirectory - the FTP Plugin
The Automatically Upload Files plugin
does not send your files to locations you didn't configure.
watchDirectory - the E-Mail Plugin
The Automatically E-Mail Files plugin
will only send E-Mail messages to the addresses you configure. There is no "secret BCC" added.
If you have any further concerns or questions about this privacy policy,
do not hesitate to contact us.
deutschsprachige Webseite
French Language Website
Spanish Language Website
Trademarks mentioned are the property of their respective owners.
Copyright © 2003-2020 GdP Software. All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy