http://www.knowbility.org/privacy-policy/
On #GivingTuesday consider a gift to AIRSupport tech access for people of all abilities
Skip to Main Content
Home
PrivacyWe have created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices.We have created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm
commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering
and dissemination practices.
Your Information is Private
Subscribers are requested to enter limited personal information during
sign ups. Under no circumstance will we sell, transfer or disseminate
this personal information gathered by our site to any other entity.
Our statistics product collects information about visitors to our web
site only. This information will also not be sold, transferred or
disseminated to any other entity. We may display aggregated data to show
industry trends (such as browser share). However, this data shall be the
average of many thousands of sites and will in no way linked to
individual subscribers.
Your Information is Secure
Your information is secure because we do not store information on our
server. All personal information is stored in a location where access is
restricted to company management only.
How do we use “Cookies”?
Visitors should be aware than non-personal/non-critical information,
such as IDs and generic letter/number combinations may be stored and
collected by the Knowbility website through the use of “cookies”. We use
“cookies” solely for the purpose of maintaining sessions such as
users/customers login status, and order/product status. “Cookies” are
required for the Knowbility website and functionality may or may not
work with “cookies” disabled.
How we use Javascript
Our Javascript code that aids in the processing and validation data does
not pose any security risk to you or your personal information. Visitors
should be aware that Javascript is required for some features of the
Knowbility website to function properly but these features are
supplemental only. All the information provided on the website is
accessible without Javascript.
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of
this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact:
Knowbility, Inc.
1033 La Posada Drive, Suite 307
Austin, TX 78752
Email: knowbility@knowbility.org
Phone: 512-527-3138
TTY: 800-735-2989
Terms of Use
Knowbility maintains this site for your personal entertainment,
information, education, and communication. Please feel free to browse
the site. You may download material displayed on the site for
non-commercial, personal use only provided you also retain all copyright
and other proprietary notices contained on the materials. You may not,
however, distribute, modify, transmit, reuse, re-post, or use the
content of the site for public or commercial purposes, including the
text, images, audio, and video without Knowbility’s written permission.
Your access to and use of the site is also subject to the following
terms and conditions (“Terms and Conditions”) and all applicable laws.
By accessing and browsing the site, you accept, without limitation or
qualification, the Terms and Conditions and acknowledge that any other
agreements between you and Knowbility are superseded and of no force or
effect.
Terms and Conditions
You should assume that everything you see or read on the Site is
copyrighted unless otherwise noted and may not be used except as
provided in these Terms and Conditions or in the text on the Site
without the written permission of Knowbility. Knowbility neither
warrants nor represents that your use of materials displayed on the Site
will not infringe rights of third parties not owned by or affiliated
with Knowbility.
While Knowbility uses reasonable efforts to include accurate and up to
date information in the Site, Knowbility makes no warranties or
representations as to its accuracy. Knowbility assumes no liability or
responsibility for any errors or omissions in the content of the Site.
Your use of and browsing in the Site are at your risk. Neither
Knowbility nor any other party involved in creating, producing, or
delivering the Site is liable for any direct, incidental, consequential,
indirect, or punitive damages arising out of your access to, or use of,
the Site. Without limiting the foregoing, everything on the Site is
provided to you “AS IS” WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED
OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT.
Please note that some jurisdictions may not allow the exclusion of
implied warranties, so some of the above exclusions may not apply to
you. Check your local laws for any restrictions or limitations regarding
the exclusion of implied warranties. Knowbility also assumes no
responsibility, and shall not be liable for, any damages to, or viruses
that may infect, your computer equipment or other property on account of
your access to, use of, or browsing in the Site or your downloading of
any materials, data, text, images, video, or audio from the Site.
Any communication or material you transmit to the Site by electronic
mail or otherwise, including any data, questions, comments, suggestions,
or the like is, and will be treated as, non confidential and
non-proprietary. Anything you transmit or post may be used by Knowbility
or its affiliates for any purpose, including, but not limited to,
reproduction, disclosure, transmission, publication, broadcast and
posting. Furthermore, Knowbility is free to use any ideas, concepts,
know-how, or techniques contained in any communication you send to the
Site for any purpose whatsoever including, but not limited to,
developing, manufacturing and marketing products using such information.
Images of people or places displayed on the Site are either the property
of, or used with permission by, Knowbility. The use of these images by
you, or anyone else authorized by you, is prohibited unless specifically
permitted by these Terms and Conditions or specific permission provided
elsewhere on the Site. Any unauthorized use of the images may violate
copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and
communications regulations and statutes.
Copyright Statement
Knowbility holds copyright protection over all the code, images and
content contained in this site, with the exception of the registered
trademark and logos of our vendors and clients, and licensed stock
photography.