https://www.envisialearning.com/privacy_policy
Unlimited Free Assessments    |
Coaching & Training Resources
Try Us Out: Momentor Demo | 360 Feedback Free-Trial
We use cookies to give you a better experience. By continuing to browse this site, you give consent for cookies to be used. For more details, please read our cookie policy
Toggle navigation
Assessment & Technology Services
Products
NeuroTeamViewTeam Assessment
NeuroViewLeadership Trust Assessment
StressScanStress and Lifestyle Assessment
Talent AcceleratorBehavior Change Platform
ViewSuite360360 Degree Feedback
About
Who We Are
IT & Security Infrastructure
Global Partner Network
Neuroscience Innovations
Research & Publications
AM Azure Consulting
Contact
UK Site
Assessment & Technology Services
Products
360 Degree Feedback
NeuroView
Momentor
About
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Envisia
Learning
are
committed
to
ensuring
the
confidentiality
and
privacy
of
our
customers’
and
potential customers’, partners and employees’ personal information. This updated Privacy Policy is designed to be more transparent and to comply with The EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) (EU) 2016/679
Our Approach
Privacy and data protection is taken into consideration and implemented in the design and delivery of our business services, marketing functions, IT systems and overall business practices. Our users, clients and employees’ rights to data privacy and data protection take priority when processing data.
How is personal data collected?
We collect certain personal data from you in a variety of ways, such as, through our website, via email, or verbally. Personal data is obtained:
by the individual
by an authorised third party (i.e. from a third-party organisation and/or employer)
When your data is provided to us by an authorised third-party organisation, it is the third party’s responsibility to ensure they have the correct lawful basis in place to share this data with Envisia Learning.
How is personal data processed?
We will always tell you what we intend to do with any personal data we collect from you, however the principal reasons are to:
support the delivery of contracted services and products,
support information requests around our products and services, or
achieve our marketing and sales strategies.
These include:
Individuals engaged with an Envisia Learning service as part of an assessment, development or survey programme we are contracted to deliver.
The information you provide will only be used for the stated purposes and/or those you consented to. This may include an invitation to complete an online survey or participate in an online development process, product research and development, administrative and legal purposes, statistical analysis, systems testing, or service maintenance and development. In this scenario, we would be relying on contractual necessity as the primary legal basis for processing personal data. The personal data you provide here, will either be anonymised or deleted after the term period set-out in the processing agreement.
We may need to provide your personal data to a colleague in your organisation authorised to receive the data or results, or to an authorised feedback practitioner to deliver results to you.
User interactions with our website, webinars, or downloading free resources
We collect information to understand how visitors use our website and interact with our marketing content so we can offer timely and relevant information. When you use our website to register for a webinar, request information or download a free resource, your data may be used for the following:
To contact you in response to a specific enquiry,
To customise our website for user needs and preferences,
To improve the products and services we provide,
To send you promotional emails or to call you about products, services and other things we think might be relevant to you.
In this scenario, we would rely on legitimate interests and where required, consent, as the primary legal bases for processing personal data.
The personal data you provide to us is only available to relevant employees and contracted service providers. If required by law, Envisia Learning may disclose data to government and/or enforcement agencies.
We will never share, or sell individual personal information to an external party without your permission, or unless ordered by a court of law.
Cookies
Cookies are used to collect information about how visitors navigate through our website, to analyse web traffic and to track the website’s performance. Statistical data and user’s behaviour information help us improve our visitor’s experience. This information is processed in a way which does not identify anyone. If we do want to collect personally identifiable information through our website, we will be up front about this. We will make it clear when we collect personal information and will explain what we intend to do with it.
To find out what type of cookies do we use and why please see our Cookie Policy.
Controlling your personal data
Any personal data we collect from you or we generate as a result of your interaction with our systems and services belongs to you. Under the data protection laws in the UK you therefore have the right to know if your data is being processed, why and for how long. This will include details of what categories of data we process (e.g. storing your name and contact details in a CRM system), whether your data has been disclosed to third-parties and their identities, and how to raise a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO).
In addition to your right of access to data we process, Envisia Learning will uphold other rights afforded to you under the applicable data protection laws in the UK, namely:
the right to request that errors in your personal data processed by (or on behalf of) Envisia Learning is amended or corrected;
the right to erasure of your personal data if those data are no longer needed for their original purpose, or where the processing is based on consent and you withdraw that consent (and no other lawful basis for the processing exists);
the right to restrict processing where the relevant personal data either cannot be deleted (e.g. because the data are required for the purposes of exercising or defending legal claims) or where you do not wish to have the data deleted;
the right to object to processing carried out for the purposes of direct marketing, where processing is likely to cause or is causing damage or distress, or where you may be evaluated or subject to decisions on the basis of automated processing;
the right to request a copy of the personal data you have provided to us for yourself, or for it to be transferred to another organisation, if the processing was based on consent, the provision of business services under a contract, or processing carried out by automated means.
If you believe that any information we are holding about you is incorrect or incomplete or wish to exercise any of your rights in relation to your personal data, please email us at dataofficer@envisialearning.com. We aim to respond promptly to any requests. However, please note that depending on the complexity and scope of your request, it may take up to 30 days for us to provide you with an adequate response.
How long do we hold data for?
We keep certain information about employees, clients, suppliers and other individuals or organisations we interact with over the course of business to carry out certain business functions for up to 7 years.
Client personal data will be held for as long as the individual or their employer is in receipt of services from Envisia Learning, plus up to a maximum of 5 years. (If a client makes a specific request for their data to be deleted sooner and it does not conflict with any legal or compliance requirement to hold data for longer, we will honour the request).
For recruitment purposes
For successful applications - the information provided during the application process will be retained as part of your employee file for the duration of your employment plus 5 years following the end of your employment. This includes your fitness to work, records of any security checks (if applicable) and references.
Unsuccessful applications - the information provided until that point will be retained for 6 months from the closure of the campaign.
Information generated throughout the assessment process, for example interview notes, is retained by us for 6 months following the closure of the campaign.
Equal opportunities information is retained for 6 months following the closure of the campaign whether you are successful or not.
Collecting information for recruitment purposes
Job applicants, current and former Envisia Learning employees
Envisia Learning is the data controller for the information you provide during the process unless otherwise stated. If you have any queries about the process or how we handle your information, please contact us at recruitment@envisialearning.com.
What will we do with the information you provide to us?
All of the information you provide during the process will only be used for the purpose of progressing your application, or to fulfil legal or regulatory requirements if necessary. We will not share any of the information you provide during the recruitment process with any third parties for marketing purposes or store any of your information outside of the European Economic Area. The information you provide will be held securely by us and/or our data processors whether the information is in electronic or physical format.
We will use the contact details you provide to us to contact you to progress your application. We will use the other information you provide to assess your suitability for the role you have applied for.
What information do we ask for, and why?
We do not collect more information than we need to fulfil our stated purposes and will not retain it for longer than is necessary. The information we ask for is used to assess your suitability for employment. You don’t have to provide what we ask for but it might affect your application if you don’t.
Application stage
We ask you for your personal details including name and contact details. We will also ask you about your previous experience, education, referees and for answers to questions relevant to the role you have applied for. Our recruitment team will have access to all of this information.
You will also be asked to provide equal opportunities information. This is not mandatory information – if you don’t provide it, it will not affect your application. This information will not be made available to any staff outside of our recruitment team, including hiring managers, in a way which can identify you. Any information you do provide, will be used only to produce and monitor equal opportunities statistics.
Assessments
We might ask you to participate in assessment days; complete tests or occupational personality profile questionnaires; and/or to attend an interview – or a combination of these. Information will be generated by you and by us. For example, you might complete a written test or we might take interview notes. This information is held by Envisia Learning.
If you are unsuccessful following assessment for the position you have applied for, we may ask if you would like your details to be retained in our talent pool for a period of six months. If you say yes, we would proactively contact you should any further suitable vacancies arise.
Conditional offer
If we make a conditional offer of employment we will ask you for information so that we can carry out pre-employment checks. You must successfully complete pre-employment checks to progress to a final offer. We are required to confirm the identity of our staff, their right to work in the United Kingdom and seek assurance as to their trustworthiness, integrity and reliability.
You will therefore be required to provide:
Proof of your right to work in the UK – you will be asked to attend our office with original documents, we will take copies.
Proof of your qualifications – you will be asked to attend our office with original documents, we will take copies.
We will contact your referees, using the details you provide in your application, directly to obtain references.
We will also ask you to complete a questionnaire about your health. This is to establish your fitness to work.
Final offer
If we make a final offer, we will also ask you for the following:
Bank details – to process salary payments
Emergency contact details – so we know who to contact in case you have an emergency at work
How we make decisions about recruitment?
Final recruitment decisions are made by hiring managers and members of our recruitment team. All of the information gathered during the application process is taken into account. You are able to ask about decisions made about your application by speaking to your contact within our recruitment team or by emailing recruitment@envisialearning.com.
Data Breach, Complaints or Queries
Envisia Learning endeavours to meet the highest standards when collecting and using personal information. For this reason, we will take any complaints we receive about this very seriously. We encourage people to bring it to our attention if they think that our collection or use of information is unfair, misleading or inappropriate.
If we receive a complaint from a person we will follow up and make up a file containing the details of the complaint. This will contain the identity of the complainant and any other individuals involved in the complaint. We will only use the personal information we collect to process the complaint and to check on the level of service we provide.
We will have to disclose the complainant’s identity to whoever the complaint is about. This is inevitable where, for example, the accuracy of a person’s record is in dispute. If a complainant doesn’t want information identifying him or her to be disclosed, we will try to respect that. However, it may not be possible to handle a complaint on an anonymous basis.
We will keep personal information contained in complaint files in line with our retention policy. This means that information relating to a complaint will be retained for two years from closure. It will be retained in a secure environment and access to it will be restricted according to the ‘need to know’ principle.
How to access the information we hold about you?
Under data protection laws you have the right to access your personal information held by us, by applying in writing. If you wish to exercise your rights, please address your request to our Data Officer using the contact details provided in the “how to contact us?” section.
We will reply to your request by:
providing you with a description of the type of information we hold;
explaining why we are holding your personal data;
confirming who it could be disclosed to; and
we will let you have a copy of the information in an intelligible form.
How to contact us?
If you have any questions about our privacy policy, please email us at dataofficer@envisialearning.com, or contact our Data Officer at the following address:
Data Officer
Envisia Learning Ltd.
6 Caxton House,
Broad Street,
Great Cambourne,
Cambridge,
United Kingdom,
CB23 6JN
Amendments of Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Updates of our Privacy Statement will be published on our Website. Any amendments become effective upon publication on our Website. We therefore recommend that you regularly visit the site to keep yourself informed on possible updates.
Last updated: 15 May 2018
About Envisia Learning
Envisia Learning has been helping leadership development professionals deliver real and lasting behavior change in organizations for over 30 years. Our individual, team, organizational and 360-degree feedback assessments,
together with our online program management platform merge our expertise in psychology, technology and talent development to offer a suite of tools and customized solutions that will elevate your programs. We invite you to contact us to learn more.
©2020 Envisia Learning
. Privacy Policy • Cookie Policy
Contact Sales
North America:
(800) 335-0779, x2
UK and Europe:
+44 (0) 1223 776050
+44 (0) 1608 654007
Locations
United States:
520 N Ventu Park Rd., Suite 305Newbury Park, CA 91320
United Kingdom:
6 Caxton House, Broad Street,Great Cambourne, Cambridge,CB23 6JN
9 Fosse Way, Business Centre,Stratford Road, Moreton-in-Marsh,GL56 9NQ