http://www.dart.com/pages/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
At Dart Communications, we know your online privacy is extremely important to you. Because we appreciate your trust in us, we take your privacy seriously, too. Your information is kept confidential; please read the complete Privacy Policy below that describes how we collect and use your personal information.
What Personal Information About Customers Do We Collect?
The information you provide us with helps us to enhance your experience at www.dart.com. Your input assists us with improving our products to better meet your needs.We collect information in the following ways:
Non-Personal Information:
In general, you can visit Dart Communications' website without telling us who you are or revealing any information about yourself. Our web servers collect the domain names, not the email addresses of our visitors. Also, we may collect and store other information about your visit on an anonymous, aggregate basis. Examples of the information we collect and analyze include the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet; login; email address; password; computer and connection information such as browser type and version, operating system and platform; purchase history; the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) clickstream to, through, and from our Web site, including date and time; cookie number; and searches you have performed. We use this information to measure site activity and to develop ideas for improving our site.Cookies: Like many Web sites, Dart uses “cookies” to obtain small pieces of information that are stored on your browser. These do not contain any personal information, just a secure identifying code that enables our system to recognize your browser and provide a more streamlined experience when you visit our site.Personal Information:
Dart Communications may ask you to register and provide information that personally identifies you; such as name, email address, company name, phone number, and/or mailing address. This may occur when you download trial software, sign up for newsletters, download updates, purchase and register products, use the support forum, and communicate with sales or support staff.Your personal information is used for the following purposes:- Allowing you to gain access to information, software, and correspondence with employees or the website about any requests you may have about our company, services, or products.- Improving navigation and content on our website in order to deliver relevant information more efficiently to you.- Providing information to you about product changes, special offers, or new services.Email Communications:
Dart maintains the right to send email to visitors of our site. Dart only sends email to those visitors voluntarily giving us their email addresses. Dart does not share, sell, show, or otherwise give access to any email address submitted to us, with the possible exception of visitors from companies outside the US. This information will be shared only with trusted Dart resellers for the express purpose of facilitating communication, where language barriers or time zones may otherwise cause communication problems. The reasons Dart may send email is to give information, streamline the purchasing process, respond to queries, and respond to support requests. Should our Resellers not follow these same guidelines, contact us at sales@dart.com.
How Secure Is My Personal Information?
We work to protect the security of your information during transmission by using Secure Hypertext Transfer Protocol (HTTPS), which encrypts the information you send us. During the ordering process, secure information about you, such as credit card information, may be transferred. Any communication of this sort occurs over Secure Hypertext Transfer Protocol (HTTPS). This transfer will include communication with a credit card processing company, Authorize.NET (http://www.authorize.net), which Dart works in conjunction with for the express purpose of processing credit card transactions. It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer. Protect yourself by ensuring you sign off when you finish using a shared computer.
What Choices Do I Have?
You can always choose not to provide us with information, even though it might be needed to make a purchase, download software, submit support requests, or otherwise interact with dart.com. Instead if you prefer, you can call us at (315) 790-5456 for these types of requests. If you do not want to receive email or other mail from us, do not submit any forms asking for an email address. Those signing up for the Dart Mail List can request removal from the list by emailing us at info@dart.com with “remove” in the subject line. The "help" portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether
Conditions of Use, Notices, and Revisions
If you choose to download software, the software in question is subject to this Notice and our Conditions of Use, including limitations on damages, arbitration of disputes, and application of the law of the state of New York. If you have any concern about privacy at Dart.com, please send us a thorough description to sales@dart.com, and we will try to resolve it. Our business changes constantly. This Notice and the Conditions of Use will change also, and use of information that we gather now is subject to the Privacy Notice in effect at the time of use. We may e-mail periodic reminders of our notices and conditions, but you should check our Web site frequently to see recent changes.
Please feel free to contact the webmaster with any questions, comments, or problems that might arise.