http://www.netring.co.uk/pages/terms/
General Terms & Conditions
Acceptable Use Policy
Privacy Policy
Netring (referred to as the Company) reserves the right to
suspend or cancel a client's access to any or all services
provided by the Company when the Company decides that the account
has been inappropriately used.
Web Design
When the Company supplies full web design and website management to a
client, the cost of the design charged will include hosting on a
Company server for one year and the cost of a UK domain name if the
client wishes the Company to purchase a name on their behalf. An
extra charge may be made for other Top Level Domain Names,
depending on which is chosen. The Company will be responsible for
all uploads unless otherwise specified in writing.
Email and hosting set-up instructions for new clients
will be sent out electronically. Set up instructions will only be sent
by Royal Mail if a client has no e-mail address.
Standard Terms and Conditions for Payment
All accounts are set up in advance of payment, but only after the
client has accepted the Company's terms and conditions by e-mail
confirmation at accept@netring.co.uk
If the Company tenders or supplies any service to a client, as from
14.12.2004, the client will be directed to the Company's
terms/payment conditions and it is then the responsibility of the
client to read and accept or refuse these conditions. If the client
does not communicate with the Company regarding acceptance or refusal
of these conditions, the Company will take non communication as the
client refusing to accept the conditions in full. If the client
refuses to accept the Company Terms and Conditions, the Company will
terminate all connections immediately with the client in
question.
Where a Company Tender Document or a Company Service Level
Agreement is applied to a client and details any changes to
the Company's standard terms and conditions of payment, those
conditions will supersede and apply for the period stated in the
Tender Document or the Company Service Level Agreement. For a Company
hosting service, directly the service is showing on-line, the Company
will send an invoice by e-mail for the total sum due. All pricing
is guaranteed on the basis of the monthly/yearly rentals advertised
on the Company's website. the Company also reserves the right to change
prices at any time. Any price changes will be applied to the
client's next rental period. Notice will be given to the client in
the form of an invoice for the coming year's service which will be
provided approximately one month in advance of the commencement of
the service allowing the client to accept or refuse any price
changes. Payment is due each anniversary period following the date
the account was established.
Under special conditions, the Company will provide extended credit on
request when the Company considers delayed payment acceptable and
applicable for that particular service. If any services provided
are linked to business grants of any type, the Company's payment terms
are still applicable.
If software/design/programming/hardware
have been supplied to a client, and the client refuses to settle
his account in full for all the outstanding fees due, any unpaid
fees will still be regarded as due for payment to the Company. In the
case of the non payment of fees due to the Company, the Company will set in
motion debt recovery/court action procedures to obtain the
outstanding fees. If any case is in dispute, English Law will apply
in all actions/arbitration taken.
The client is responsible for all money owed on the account from
the time it was established to the time that the client notifies
the Company in writing for a request for any termination of services.
All payment is in U.K. Sterling and is subject to VAT where
applicable at the current rate imposed by H.M. Customs and
Excise.
It is the responsibility of the client to supply their
e-mail address and a postal address that is in constant use to
allow receipt of communications from the Company. (If either address
changes at any time, the Company must be informed as soon as
possible.)
An invoice will be electronically sent to the email address on
record unless otherwise requested.
Full payment of that invoice must be received by the Company within
30 days from the tax / invoice date on the invoice.
If payment is not received within the 30 days from the tax /
invoice date on the invoice, the services that were requested by
the client will be suspended.
If the client then still wishes to continue with the service,
the payment due against the invoice must be paid in full plus a
reconnection fee of £10.00 (excluding VAT) before the service
is reconnected.
If the client does not make payment for the services purchased,
this may have serious consequences when they are using the Company's
Domain Name Registration Service. If payment is not received by the
due date, the Company will be unable to renew any domain name(s) that
come up for renewal and the recovery and surcharges by the
registration authorities will then become the responsibility of the
client.
The Company will not be responsible for any loss or damage to the
client's business where the client claims that it was caused by
the Company disconnecting the client's service from the Internet due to non-payment.
The Company will send out an invoice approximately 30 days in
advance of the renewal date for the services in question to provide
sufficient notice allowing the client to:
Decide if they still wish to continue renting services from
the Company
To discuss any changes where necessary in the services provided
for the coming year
To settle the account on time which is before the start of the
service as detailed in the invoice
If the client wishes to continue, the Company requests that the
payment in question reaches the Company office before the start of
the service date.
If payment is not received by the renewal date on the invoice,
the services that are for renewal by the client will be
suspended.
If the client then still wishes to continue with the service,
the payment due against the invoice must be paid in full plus a
reconnection fee of £10.00 (excludes VAT) before the service
is reconnected.
Once again, if the client does not make payment for the
continuation of services, this may have serious consequences when
they are using the Company's Domain Name Registration Service. If
payment is not received by the due date, the Company will be unable to
renew any domain name(s) that come up for renewal and the recovery
and surcharges by the registration authorities will then become the
responsibility of the client.
Cancellation Terms
If services are to be cancelled with the Company, a cancellation
request must be sent to accounts@netring.co.uk by e-mail at least one
month before the end of the service in question. It is essential that a confirmation e-mail be obtained
from the Company that the service will be cancelled. Failure to do
so will result in a further year's charge being made for the
service in question.
Cancellation of Services by the Company
The Company reserves the right to cancel any service at any
time. All fees paid in advance of cancellation will be pro rata and
refunded by the Company providing this sum is greater than
£20.00. If the Company institutes its right of cancellation
due to a client's/client's violation of these policies, then no
refund is deemed to be due.
Indemnification
The client agrees that it shall defend, indemnify, save and hold
the Company harmless from any and all demands, liabilities, losses,
costs and claims, including reasonable attorney's/legal fees
asserted against the Company, its agents, its clients, officers
and employees, that may arise or result from any service provided
or performed or agreed to be performed, or any product sold by a
client, its agents, employees or assigns. The client agrees to
defend, indemnify and hold harmless the Company against liabilities
arising out of; (1) any injury to person or property caused by any
products sold, or otherwise distributed in connection with a
Company product or service; (2) any material supplied by the client infringing
or allegedly infringing on the proprietary rights of a third party;
(3) copyright infringement and (4) any defective
products sold to a client from a Company product or service.
Disclaimer
The Company will not be held responsible for any damages the
client's business may suffer. The Company makes no warranties of
any kind, expressed or implied, for services the Company provides.
The Company disclaims any warranty or merchantability or fitness
for a particular purpose. This includes loss of data resulting from
delays, non deliveries, wrong delivery, and any and all service
interruptions caused by the Company and its employees and any
associated leased services used by the Company of any kind.
The Company reserves the right to revise its policies at any
time and without notice to its existing clients.
Back
Acceptable Use Policy
Server Use
All accounts are to be used by the primary owner only. Account
holders are not permitted to resell, store or give away the
web-hosting services of their website to other parties. This is
defined as allowing a separate third party to host content on the
Company's client's web site. Exceptions to this include advert
banners, links, classified and professional advertisements.
Excessive Resource Usage
The Company operates a shared hosting
environment and excessive resource usage (for example CPU, Memory, Bandwidth) may affect the quality of
service for other clients. Excessive usage will be investigated (which includes contacting the client where possible) and
acted upon instantly if required. This may include suspending your service until such time as the underlying issue causing resource monopolisation has been identified and rectified.
Sites suspended due to excessive usage are fully exempt from our uptime guarantee.
High CPU usage can vary and is
defined by our staff on a case-by-case basis. In the event your
site exceeds over 100GB of Data Transfer due to a Denial of Service
attack we reserve the right to charge additional fees.
Excessive resource usage includes but is not limited too:
Using our mail server to send out marketing emails, also known as "Mailshots"
Writing scripts in such a way they take up too many resources
Using inefficent database structures
(D)DoS Attacks
In the event that your site becomes victim of (D)DoS attacks we
will mitigate the effects as best as possible before concluding
what is best done with your site. Should attacks be affecting the
quality of service for other users, we reserve the right to null
route or suspend your service without warning in order to protect
the stability of our current services. Attacks aimed towards our
servers are not the liability of the Company and are fully exempt
from our uptime guarantee. Any attacks exceeding our specification
of 'small to medium in size' and that cause severe service
disruption will be fully exempt from any refund guarantees. In the
event your site exceeds over 1TB of Data Transfer due to a (Distributed) Denial
of Service attack we reserve the right to charge additional
fees.
Reseller Hosting
All conditions and restrictions applied to Company hosting packages also apply for any reseller packages. The reseller client is liable
in all respects for the content contained in any of his clients'
websites.
The Company reserves the right to refuse service and/or access
to its servers to any prospective client at any time.
Prohibited Material
The Company does not allow any of the following content to be
stored on its servers:
Copyrighted works and any
material in violation of any USA Federal, State, or UK Government
regulations and by-laws. If any material supplied by a client that is
incorporated into a website by the Company and is later found to be
illegally used in any manner, this will be the sole responsibility
of the client and the client will be held liable in all respects
for all damages aimed at the Company.
Adult Material - Includes all pornography,
erotic images, or otherwise lewd or obscene content. The
designation of "adult material" is left entirely to the discretion
of the Company.
Warez - Includes pirated software, ROMS,
emulators, phreaking, hacking, password cracking, IP spoofing, etc.
and encrypting of any of the above. Also includes any sites which
provide "links to" or "how to" information about such material.
Server Damage
If a client's website/scripting is found to have affected the
performance of a Company server causing locking or any action that
requires the Company's technicians to investigate the performance
of a server in any way, the cost of that investigation and any
remedial action will be invoiced to the client immediately at a
rate of £75.00 per hour with a minimum charge of
£75.00
Bandwidth Usage
High bandwidth usage: The Company provides specific upper limits
for monthly bandwidth usage for each hosting package. If a client uses
excess bandwidth they will receive an e-mail warning them of their
excess monthly bandwidth usage. To ensure no distruption to service
the client must contact the Company.
Back
Privacy Policy
It is the Company's policy that personal information, such as your
name, postal and e-mail address or telephone number is private and
confidential and will not be passed on to any third party except where UK law overrides this.
Accordingly, the personal information you provide is stored in a
secure location, is accessible only by designated staff, and is
used only for the purposes for which you provide the
information.
View Our Privacy Policy
Your Data
The Company staff may on occasion be required to access your data
stored on our servers to maintain a reliable service and to prevent
malicious use.
The spell checking software that is part of the web mail systems
will send parts of your message to a 3rd party provider via an
encrypted channel. This will only occur if the spell checker is
used.
Contact with the company on technical support or server problems
Telephone contact is available between 9:00-17:00. Support outside
of these times is provided by e-mail and should be requested using
the e-mail address support@netring.co.uk