http://www.winencrypt.com/resources/legal-and-statutory-information.htm
Home
Products
WinEncrypt CryptArchiver Lite
WinEncrypt CryptArchiver
WinEncrypt CryptArchiver Traveler
Easy Password Creator
Purchase
Online Store
Current Offers
Resources
Product Datasheets
White Papers
Case Studies
Legal and Statutory Information
Authored Articles
Security Best Practices
Partners
Reseller & Affiliate Programs
Affiliate FAQs
Co-branding & Bundling
Support
Knowledge Base
Product Manuals
Support Desk
Submit a Ticket
My Tickets
My Account
Company
Corporate Profile
Customers
Careers
Contact Us
Awards and Testimonials
Keep your important files away from prying eyes.
Create virtual "Encrypted Drives" upto 20 GB in size.
Uses strong 448-bit Blowfish and 256-bit AES encryption.
Easy to use, just drag-and-drop!
Password-protects all types of files and folders.
Get it now
Download
Testimonials
"I now use it daily.. it's an excellent package! I can protect an entire drive with just one password, and it's so quick and easy too..."
– J.C. Green, Preston.
"You have a great product in WinEncrypt! .. high quality feel and very reliable. I work for a Fire Dept. and use it daily... Thanks."
– Jeff (Soquel, CA).
Current Software Version
WinEncrypt CryptArchiverLatest Release Ver 5.2.7.0Released on 17 November 2014
Download theFREE edition now
Legal and Statutory Information
Global legislation : Current regulations about the data security around the world
The biggest concern about data security today is the lack of uniform legislation not only across the world but between the various states in the US. With more and more people choosing to conduct business online, online stores mushrooming across the world and information being exchanged every second of each day over the internet, the safety of data posted on any website is at the mercy of steps voluntarily taken by that site to ensure data security. Identity thefts are not only common, they are rampant. And data breaches are not limited to credit card information, data theft occurs at the websites of banks, schools, businesses, government agencies, hospital and health care organizations, online retail stores, etc.
To read more download the Leagal and Statutory information ->>
-(pdf, 396 KB)
Governments get tough on patient privacy
The need to enforce legislation to ensure the protection of patient privacy has become increasing evident with the increase in cases of data theft in the healthcare sector. In fact, the finance and healthcare sectors have time and again recorded the highest rate of data breaches. The World Privacy Forum (WPF) released a report in 2006, which showed that approximately 3 percent of the identity thefts were related to the medical sector.
The medical and healthcare sector usually collects personal information regarding an individual’s medical records, payment history, etc. Most of this information is sensitive in nature and adequate measures need to be taken to safeguard the information against identity and data theft.
To read more download the Leagal and Statutory information ->>
-(pdf, 238 KB)
Identity Theft and U.S. Data Protection Legislation
Identity theft and identity fraud have been growing in epidemic proportions all over the world. Identity theft is generally used for instances where a person wrongfully acquires personal information about another individual and uses this information for economic gain. Popularly known as iJacking, breach of privacy has become a serious problem, 86,000 Americans complaining of their personal information being used by others in 2001. This figure rose to around 9.9 million people who complained of identity theft in 2007, with the total was estimated loss for consumers estimated at approximately $5 billion.
To read more download the Leagal and Statutory information ->>
-(pdf, 259 KB)
WinEncryptTM, CryptArchiverTM, CryptArchiver TravelerTM,FShieldTM and all associated marks and logos on this website are trademarks, registered trademarks and service marks of Psaltech Software Pvt. Ltd. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2005-2020, Psaltech.
Site Map
|
Privacy Policy
Related Info:
data encryption |
data encryption software
|
data protection |
data security |
disk encryption software
|
encrypt folders |
encrypt usb |
encryption |
encryption products |
encryption program |
encryption security software
|
encryption software |
encryption usb |
file encryption |
folder protection |
folder security |
free
password protection software |
hard drive encryption software
|
hardware encryption |
how to encryption |
internet security |
laptop encryption software
|
lock drive | lock files |
lock folder |
password encryption |
password protect files |
password protect folders windows |
password protection software |
windows encryption