http://www.interfacett.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy Video Courses > Share
Sign In
CartPrivacy Policy(Last Updated:  May 25, 2012)This Privacy Policy applies to all the services and websites offered  by Interface Technical Training (“Interface”), including those available at www.interfacett.com and videotraining.interfacett.com.  By using the Interface services and websites, you consent to the privacy practices described in this policy.  Interface reserves the right to change the policy at any time.  Interface will post any policy changes on this page and, if the charges are significant, provide a more prominent notice (including for certain services, email notification of policy changes).  Interface will also keep prior versions of this policy in an archive for your review.1. What Personally Identifying Information Does Interface Collect and how does Interface use it? In order to access certain services and portions of the websites, you may be required to register by providing certain, limited, personal information regarding you and the company you represent, such as your name, job title, your company name, your phone number, your email address or billing information, or other data which can be reasonably linked to such information by Interface.  Interface may use this information to contact you and others at your company to further discuss your company’s interest in Interface and to send information regarding Interface, such as weekly upcoming class emails, newsletters, promotional materials, and information about upcoming events.When you send emails or other communications to Interface, Interface may retain those communications (including possibly your personally identifying information) in order to process your inquiries, respond to your requests, inform you of Interface products and services to which you may be interested, and improve Interface’s products and services.One example of when you will be required to provide certain, limited, personal information is in accessing the Interface video training areas of our website.  When signing up to be either a trial user or paid user of this area, Interface requires you to enter personal information such as your email address, name, job title, company name, your phone number, company address and credit card information.  If you are signing up to be a trial user and asked to provide your credit card information, your credit card will not be charged until the trial is over.For your protection, Interface does not store your credit card information on its servers. Interface partners with a third party, who offers a payment gateway that uses appropriate, commercially reasonable security measures to provide a safe, secure payment procedure.Interface uses collected personal information for the following general purposes: products and services provision and maintenance, billing, identification and authentication, products and services improvement, contact (including adding you to our email and marketing lists), and research.  In addition, Interface may use your personal information to protect the rights or property of Interface or its users.  If Interface uses your personal information in a manner different than the purposes for which it was collected as disclosed in this policy and otherwise by Interface to you, then Interface will ask for your consent prior to such use.2. What Tracking Information Does Interface Collect and how does Interface use it? Your browser installs a cookie on your computer when you access our site.  A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website and stored on your computer’s hard drive. When you visit the website again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some of Interface’s website features or services may not function properly without cookies. For example, cookies are required to use certain Interface services for personalizing your online experience by saving preferences, login information and other personalization experiences.  Interface will not use cookies to collect personal information that you provide to Interface during the registration process, but the cookies may be used to collect other information, including personal information, such as: your IP address, your operating system type, and the date and time of your visit.  This information helps us track users’ movements around our site and understand trends, as well as potentially combat fraud or misuse.All information that Interface collects may be used for improving our products and services, providing more effective customer service, performing research, identifying and authenticating users and enforcing our Terms of Use.3. What Other Information Does Interface Collect? Interface offers, on a restricted access basis, Interface video training areas of our website.  To use these restricted areas, you are required to enter a variety of information, including possibly personal information. In addition, Interface tracks your use of the restricted areas, including possibly how long you view specific videos and what videos are viewed.  Interface may also ask you to voluntarily complete surveys concerning content provided on the website and in the restricted areas.  We use all of this information to improve our products and services and to inform you of additional products and services that may be of interest to you.4. How Does Interface Store My Data? Interface uses third party vendors and hosting partners to provide the necessary hardware, software, networking, storage, and related technology required to run Interface’s website. The technical processing and transmission of the Service, including your content, may involve (a) transmissions over various networks, and (b) changes to conform and adapt to technical requirements of connecting networks or devices.  Currently, Interface and its authorized third party vendors and hosting partners process data (including possibly your personal information) on servers in the United States of America and possibly in other countries.  In some cases, personal information may be processed and stored outside your own country, including without limitation in the United States.5. When Does Interface Disclose My DataInterface only shares information with other companies or individuals outside of Interface in the following limited circumstances:With your consent.When Interface has a good faith belief that access, use, preservation or disclosure of such information is reasonably necessary to (a) comply with valid legal processes, applicable law, regulation or enforceable governmental requests; and (b) when your actions violate the Terms of Use.To our subsidiaries, affiliated companies and service providers, such as credit-card payment processors, who perform services on our behalf. These subsidiaries, affiliated companies and service providers may have access to information, including personal information, only as needed to perform their functions and are not permitted to share or use such information for any other purposes.If Interface becomes involved in a merger, acquisition or other form of sale of some or all of its assets, information may be shared.  Interface will ensure the confidentiality of any personal information involved in such transactions and provide notice after the personal information is transferred, as well as prior notice if the information is to become subject to a different privacy policy upon transfer.  In the unlikely event of a bankruptcy, information may be transferred to a bankruptcy trustee or debtor in possession and then to a subsequent purchaser.6. Your Choices, Accessing and Updating Information If you become a registered user, you will be able to review and control certain information stored by Interface in your account using at the Edit Profile section.  For example, Interface collects your email address. Please remember that we will always need an email for mandatory service communications such as billing reminders, information on technical service and maintenance related issues, and security announcements.When you become a registered user, Interface makes good faith efforts to provide you with access to your information and either to correct this data if it is inaccurate or to delete such data as your request if it is not otherwise required to be retained by law or for legitimate business purposes.  Interface asks individual users to identify themselves and the information requested to be accessed, corrected or removed before processing such requests, and may decline to process requests that are unreasonably repetitive or systematic, require disproportionate technical effort, jeopardize the privacy of others, or would be extremely impractical (for instance, requests concerning information residing on backup systems), or for which access is not otherwise required.  In any case where Interface provides information access and correction, Interface performs this service free of charge, except if doing so would require a disproportionate effort.  Because of the way Interface maintains certain products and services, after you delete your information, residual copies may take a period of time before they are deleted from Interface’s active servers and may remain on backup systems.7. Security and Retention Interface takes commercially reasonable security measures to guard your information from unauthorized access to or unauthorized alternation, disclosure or destruction.  These measures include safeguards such as firewalls, encryption and secure technology, such as SSL.  Certain areas of the Interface websites can only be accessed with a user name and password.  It is your responsibility to keep your password confidential and not disclose it to any other person.  You are responsible for all persons using your user name and password.  Please advise us immediately if you believe your user name and password have been compromised.Interface restricts access to your information to Interface employees, contractors and agents who need to know the information in order to process it on Interface’s behalf.However, neither people nor security systems are foolproof, including encryption systems. In addition, people can commit intentional crimes, make mistakes, or fail to follow policies.  Therefore, while Interface uses commercially reasonable efforts to protect your information, Interface cannot guarantee its absolute security.  If applicable law imposes any non-disclaimable duty to protect your information, you agree that intentional misconduct will be the standards used to measure Interface’s compliance with this duty.Interface retains information for as long as required, allowed or Interface believes it is useful, but does not undertake retention obligations.  Interface may dispose of information in Interface’s sole discretion without notice, subject to applicable law that specifically requires the handling or retention of information. You must keep your own, separate back-up records of your data.Stay in touch on our social channels! Twitter Facebook LinkedInState of Arizona Contract # ADSPO18-210228Copyright © 2020 Interface Technical Training. All Rights Reserved.Live Training Terms and ConditionsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicyWIOA Policy
We are OPEN! All live classes 100% available with RemoteLive!Learn More + +