https://www.ftsafe.com/Support/termsConditions
Please select your region
US & Canada
Other Regions
SolutionProductsFIDO Security KeyStandard FIDONFCMulti-InterfaceBiometriciOS Security KeyPower Card & Display CardOTP Display CardChip Embedded CardFingerprint CardPayment TerminalSmartPOS SeriesmPOS SeriesClassic POS SeriesAccessoriesPKI IdentificationStandard PKILCD/InteractiveBluetoothPKI CardSmart SDOTP AuthenticationSingle ButtonE-signatureQR Code OTPMobile/Watch OTPAuthentication SystemSeed ProgrammingSmart Card ReaderContactContactless(for PC)Dual InterfaceiOS ReaderBluetooth ReaderAudiojack ReaderSmart Card OSSoftware ProtectionCost EffectiveSmart Card ChipC51 VMCloud Service PlatformBlockChainSupportResourcesInquirySecurity KeyAbout FEITIANOverviewContact UsCertificationsPartnersPress ReleaseNewsletter
Store
Website
Terms of Use
Version
1.0
The
FEITIAN Technologies Co., Ltd official website located at
https://www.ftsafe.com/ (hereinafter the "Site") is a
copyrighted work belonging to FEITIAN Technologies Co., Ltd
(hereinafter the "Company"). Certain features of the Site
may be subject to additional guidelines, terms, or rules, which will
be posted on the Site in connection with such features.
All
such additional terms, guidelines, and rules are incorporated by
reference into these Terms.
These
Terms of Use described the legally binding terms and conditions that
oversee your use of the Site. BY LOGGING INTO THE SITE, YOU ARE BEING
COMPLIANT THAT THESE TERMS and you represent that you have the
authority and capacity to enter into these Terms. IF YOU DISAGREE
WITH ALL OF THE PROVISION OF THESE TERMS, DO NOT LOG INTO AND/OR USE
THE SITE.
Subject
to these Terms.
Company
grants you a non-transferable, non-exclusive, revocable, limited
license to access the Site solely for your own personal,
noncommercial use.
Certain
Restrictions.
The
rights approved to you in these Terms are subject to the following
restrictions: (a) you shall not sell, rent, lease, transfer, assign,
distribute, host, or otherwise commercially exploit the Site; (b) you
shall not change, make derivative works of, disassemble, reverse
compile or reverse engineer any part of the Site; (c) you shall not
access the Site in order to build a similar or competitive website;
and (d) except as expressly stated herein, no part of the Site may be
copied, reproduced, distributed, republished, downloaded, displayed,
posted or transmitted in any form or by any means unless otherwise
indicated, any future release, update, or other addition to
functionality of the Site shall be subject to these Terms. All
copyright and other proprietary notices on the Site must be retained
on all copies thereof.
Responsibility
of website for visitors’ data and personal information.
Except
those items are agreed in this agreement, we may also disclose your
personal data to third parties, for example the police or other
public authorities, if it concerns criminal investigations or if we
are otherwise required to disclose such data by law or public
authority decision. We will not disclose your personal data to any
extent other than described in this section. We do our maximum
efforts to protect your personal data from unauthorized or illegal
processing by implementing appropriate technical and organizational
security measures. However, due to the special nature of the
Internet, FEITIAN disclaims any responsibility for any third-party
harm activity to our website include but not limited due to hack
attack and virus intrusion.
Responsibility
of website visitors.
You
are responsible for taking precautions as necessary to protect
yourself and your computer systems from viruses, worms, Trojan horses
and other harmful or destructive content. FEITIAN disclaims any
responsibility for any harm resulting from the use by visitors of the
Website, or from any downloading by those visitors of content there
posted.
Content
on other website links.
We
have not reviewed, and cannot review, all of the material, including
computer software, made available through the websites and webpages
to which the Website links, and that link to the Website (for example
software linked to from the Development section of the site). FEITIAN
does not have any control over those non-FEITIAN websites and
webpages, and is not responsible for their contents or their use. By
linking to a non-FEITIAN website or webpage, FEITIAN does not
represent or imply that it endorses such website or webpage. You are
responsible for taking precautions as necessary to protect yourself
and your computer systems from viruses, worms, Trojan horses and
other harmful or destructive content. FEITIAN disclaims any
responsibility for any harm resulting from your use of non-FEITIAN
websites and webpages.
Cookies
and Web Beacons.
Like
any other website, FEITIAN Technologies Co., Ltd official website
uses ‘cookies. These cookies are used to store information
including visitors’ preferences, and the pages on the website that
the visitor accessed or visited. The information is used to optimize
the users’ experience by customizing our web page content based on
visitors’ browser type and/or other information. More details about
our cookies policy please click here.
Limitation
on Liability
To
the maximum extent permitted by law, in no event shall company or our
suppliers be liable to you or any third-party for any lost profits,
lost data, costs of procurement of substitute products, or any
indirect, consequential, exemplary, incidental, special or punitive
damages arising from or relating to these terms or your use of, or
incapability to use the site even if company has been advised of the
possibility of such damages. In no event will the aggregate liability
for any and all of your claims against FEITIAN, its suppliers and its
licensors arising out of or related to use of the Website and
Service, or the contents thereof or of any hyperlinked website exceed
the amounts actually paid by you to FEITIAN during the 12-month
period prior to the date a claim is made. Some jurisdictions may not
allow the exclusion or limitation of liability for certain incidental
or consequential damages, so some of the above limitations may not
apply to you. You agree that this Section represents a reasonable
allocation of risk.
Copyright
Policy.
Company
respects the intellectual property of others and asks that users of
our Site do the same. If you believe that material located on or
linked to by the Website violates your copyright, you are encouraged
to notify FEITIAN to world.sales@ftsafe.com . FEITIAN will respond to all such notices, including as required or
appropriate by removing the infringing material or disabling all
links to the infringing material. In the case of a user who may
infringe or repeatedly infringes the copyrights or other intellectual
property rights of FEITIAN or others, FEITIAN may, in its discretion,
terminate or deny access to and use of the Website or Service.
Changes.
The
Website, Service, and these Terms and Conditions may be changed at
the sole discretion of FEITIAN and without notice. You are bound by
any such updates or changes, including but not limited to those
affecting these Terms and Conditions, and so should periodically
review these Terms and Conditions. The Privacy Notice and Cookie
Notice may be changed from time to time in accordance with what is
stated therein.
Termination.
FEITIAN
may terminate this Agreement, your rights under this Agreement, and
your access to and use of the Website and Service in its sole
discretion, for any reason or no reason at all, including but not
limited to failure to pay your fees, with or without cause and
without notice or liability to you or any third party. Any
termination of these Terms and Conditions automatically terminates
the license to use the Service and this Website. You may terminate
these Terms and Conditions for any reason upon thirty (30) days prior
written notice to FEITIAN.
Survival.
Upon
termination, all rights and obligations created by this Agreement
will terminate, except that you will continue to be bound by those
terms that would by their nature survive such termination, including
without limitation those concerning intellectual property rights,
disclaimers of warranties and limitations of liability;
representations, warranties and indemnity obligations; Privacy Notice
and Cookie Notice; and general provisions.
Other.
This
Agreement is not assignable, transferable or sub licensable by you
without the prior written consent of FEITIAN and any attempt to do so
shall be void. Any notice, report, approval or consent required or
permitted hereunder shall be in writing. The waiver by FEITIAN of a
breach of this Agreement or any right hereunder shall not constitute
a waiver of any subsequent breach of this Agreement; nor shall any
delay by FEITIAN to exercise any right under this Agreement operate
as a waiver of any such right. If any provision of this Agreement
shall be adjudged by any court of competent jurisdiction to be
unenforceable or invalid, that provision shall be limited or
eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so that this Agreement
shall otherwise remain in full force and effect and enforceable. This
Agreement shall be deemed to have been made in, and shall be
construed pursuant to the laws of China without regard to conflicts
of laws provisions thereof. Both parties hereby consent to the
exclusive jurisdiction of the Chinese Court system with the Beijing
Haidian People's Court as first instance. The parties agree that a
material breach of this Agreement adversely affecting FEITIAN’s
proprietary rights in the FEITIAN Product would cause irreparable
injury to FEITIAN for which monetary damages would not be an adequate
remedy and that FEITIAN shall be entitled to equitable relief in
addition to any remedies it may have hereunder or by law.
Your
Privacy.
Please
read our Privacy
Policy.
Copyright/Trademark
Information
Copyright
©. All rights reserved.
All trademarks, logos and service marks
displayed on the Site are our property. You are not permitted to use
these Marks without our prior written consent which may own the
Marks.
Contact
Information
Address:
Tower B, Huizhi Mansion, No.9 Xueqing Road, Haidian District, 100085
Beijing, China
Email: world.sales@ftsafe.com
SOLUTION, REFERENCE, COMPLIANCE
Financial
Healthcare
Government
Enterprise
Payment
PSD2
PRODUCTS
FIDO Security Key
Power Card
PKI Identification
OTP Authentication
Smart Card Reader
Smart Card OS
Software Protection
Cloud Platform
Cryptocurrency Wallet
SUPPORT
Resources
Inquiry
Security Key
ABOUT FEITIAN
Company Overview
Contact Us
Certifications
Partners
Press Release
Newsletter
Cookies
Privacy
Terms Of Use
© 2020 FEITIAN Technologies Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.