http://www.teletimecard.com/public/privacy_policy.asp
Sign Up   |
Client Login
» About Us
» In the Media
» Privacy Policy
» Terms of Use
» Contact Us
Privacy Policy
TeleTimecard.com is an exciting new way for companies to track and record the attendance of their mobile workforce via telephone.
TeleTimecard.com has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to protecting the privacy of our users.
Your privacy is very important to us. We want to provide a safe, secure experience for all of our users. Because we gather certain types
of information about users of our site, we feel you should be aware of the terms surrounding the capture and use of that information.
Strong electronic privacy is an essential ingredient in the success of the Internet as an online medium. The following discloses what
information we gather, how we use or disseminate it, and how you can change it.
Information Collection and Use
TeleTimecard.com is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We will not sell, trade, share, or rent this information to
others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement. We collect information from our users at several different points on our web site.
We collect statistical information such as page views on an aggregated basis. Such information allows us to find out what areas users visit
most frequently and what services users access the most. It also allows us to create a better overall experience for our users. We may share
this information with our partners, but only in the aggregate, so that they too may understand how TeleTimecard.com visitors use our
site, so they may create a better overall experience for you, as well.
Registration
In order to use TeleTimecard.com, a user must first complete a registration form. During registration a user is required to give their
contact information. TeleTimecard.com collects information our users submit to us such as their name and e-mail address to allow us to
identify users and notify them of changes or updates to our service. We also collect personal information submitted by our users in filling
out their personal profile such as company name, address, phone number and other items. TeleTimecard.com uses a person's email address and full
name only when a user requests to add another user to the site, and when
TeleTimecard.com sends notifications to a user related to their use of the service. This information is used to enhance the
users experience on TeleTimecard.com and is never sold, rented, traded or shared.
Cookies
To enhance your experience at TeleTimecard.com, we use a feature on your Internet browser called a "cookie". Cookies are small bits
of data that are written to your hard drive when you visit a web site. A cookie file can contain information such as a user or session ID to track
the pages you've visited or a user name and password so you don't have to re-enter it throughout your visit. A cookie can't read data off
of your hard drive or read other cookies created by other web sites. We use cookies for remembering user names and passwords and preferences,
tracking click streams, and for load balancing. We also use cookies at our site to better understand how users visit our site so that we know
what areas and features are the most popular. Because of our use of cookies, we can deliver quicker service and a more personalized site experience
for our users. You are always free to reject cookies by turning them off in your browser. However, doing this will hinder performance and negatively
impact your experience at our site.
Log Files
We use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track user's movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP
addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Links
This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that TeleTimecard.com is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites.
We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally
identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site.
Newsletter
TeleTimecard.com may, from time to time, use e-mail addresses that users voluntarily provide in order to send out electronic newsletters. We may
use the mailing list to occasionally send users new information about our services or updates to the site.
Special Offers
We send all new members a welcoming email to verify password and username. Established members will occasionally receive information on products, services,
special deals, and a newsletter. Out of respect for the privacy of our users we present the option to not receive these types of communications. Please
see our "How You Can Change the Information" below.
How You Can Change the Information
TeleTimecard.com gives its users an option to "Opt Out" of receiving information such as e-mail updates or newsletters via their user accounts.
TeleTimecard.com allows you to change or correct your personal information at any time. To do so, simply log into your account, go to your account profile,
and you will find options for editing the information you submitted during initial registration.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. We will ensure the proper safeguarding
of your personal information.
Privacy Protection for Children
In compliance with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), TeleTimecard.com will not knowingly provide access to persons under the age of thirteen (13).
If TeleTimecard.com later learns that any member is under the age of thirteen (13), we will take appropriate steps to remove the member's information from the
database and we will restrict this individual from future access to the service.
Changes in Our Privacy Policy
If we change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on our web site so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under
what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If we are going to use users' personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time
of collection we will notify users via email.
Contact Us
Please let us know if you have any questions or concerns regarding this privacy policy or the web site, please contact us.
About Us   |   Privacy Policy   |   Terms of Use   |   Contact Us
© 2008 TeleTimecard, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
TeleTimecard operates under U.S. Patent Nos. 5255183, 5646839, 5835575, 5949856, and 5963912 which are owned by Sandata Technologies, Inc.