http://www.custominsight.com/privacy.asp
CustomInsight's Privacy Policy
The short version (all you really need to know):
It's simple. Your privacy is important to us. We will not share any information that you provide with any third party. We will not share any survey data that you or your respondents provide with any third party either. All information that we collect from you, your employees, or your customers remains strictly confidential.
If you have expressed interest in our products, we may contact you with special offers or promotions, but if you tell us you don't want to receive such offers, we won't bug you anymore.
The long version:
Effective December 18, 2018 GENERAL
CustomInsight, LLC provides the most advanced survey building tools for corporations, research companies, consultants and universities. We do not sell or make available specific information about our clients, their clients, or either of their data, except in cooperation with law enforcement bodies in regards to content violations or violations of applicable laws.
We will not share any information that you provide with any third party. We will not share any survey data that you or your respondents provide with any third party either. All information that we collect from you, your employees, or your customers remains strictly confidential.
Questions regarding this policy may be sent to privacy@custominsight.com.
CustomInsight, LLC collects and analyzes aggregate information of visitors, including the domain name, visited surveys, referring URLs, and other publicly available information. We use this information to help improve our website and services, and to customize the content of our pages for each individual customer.
We maintain a database of user information which is used only for internal purposes such as technical support. Survey Participants
If you are a survey participant, we may ask for your User ID's and Passwords, name, mailing and email addresses, telephone and fax numbers, additional information and comments. We do not share this information with anyone other than its intended recipient. We only use this information for its intended purpose. 360 survey participants
As a 360 degree feedback participant, we collect feedback from people that work with you regarding your performance using a survey that contains a defined set of leadership competencies and behaviors. This information is collected confidentially and provided to you in a report once the process is completed. As a rater (person providing feedback) your feedback will be combined with other rater responses and reported as a group average to maintain confidentiality.
Client Relationship
CustomInsight, LLC does not disclose any project details to any third party without prior written approval. All project material is kept confidential including survey content, survey data results, participant information, and all communications with the client. All staff members agree in writing to strict confidentiality requirements. Viewing and Correcting Personal Information
We provide you with the means to update or change your personal information. Requests to change personal information collected on our corporate website, including related surveys, can be directed to info@custominsight.com. Special offers and promotions from CustomInsight
VERY occasionally, we may contact you with special offers or promotions, but if you tell us you don't want to receive such offers, we won't bug you anymore.
Just let us know by sending an email to info@customInsight.com. IP Addresses
This website uses Internet Protocol (IP) Addresses. An IP Address is a number assigned to your computer by your Internet service provider so you can access the Internet. Generally, an IP address changes each time you connect to the Internet (it is a "dynamic" address). Note, however, that if you have a broadband connection, depending on your individual circumstance, it is possible that your IP Address that we collect, or even perhaps a cookie we use, may contain information that could be deemed identifiable. This is because with some broadband connections your IP Address doesn't change (it is "static") and could be associated with your personal computer. We use your IP address to report aggregate information on use and to help improve the website.
Online payments
CustomInsight, LLC uses secure services for online credit card payment transactions and does not record or store credit card information on its site or servers. PRIVACY SHIELD
CustomInsight, LLC believes in protecting your privacy. When we collect personal information from or about you, we follow the privacy principles of the European Data Protection Authorities (DPAs) and comply with the EU-US Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use and retention of personal data from the European Union.
CustomInsight, LLC has certified that it adheres to the EU-US Privacy Shield Privacy Principles of notice, choice, onward transfer, security, data integrity, access, and enforcement.
To learn more about the Privacy Shield program,
please visit https://www.privacyshield.gov/.
Our computer systems are currently based in the United States, so your personal data will be processed by us in the United States. As a visitor from outside the United States, by using the Site you agree to this privacy policy and you consent to the transfer of all such information to the United States and to the processing of that information as described in this privacy policy. Privacy Shield Privacy Policy and Certification
The U.S. Department of Commerce and the European Commission have agreed on a set of data protection principles to enable U.S. companies to satisfy European Union (EU) law requirements for adequate protection of personal information transferred from the EEA to the United States. CustomInsight, LLC is dedicated to meeting all Privacy Shield requirements as they relate to the collection and use of personal information collected and/or received either on its website or from a client organization for use in reporting or analyzing survey and assessment results. Definitions
"Personal data" and "personal information" are data about an identified or identifiable individual that are within the scope of the Directive, received by a U.S. organization from the European Union, is recorded in any form; and can be linked to that individual. Privacy Shield Principles Notice
Employees of client organizations are directed to our site through various methods, including email and paper invitations. The following standards apply to all data CustomInsight, LLC collects:
Survey data are usually summarized in aggregate form, but in all cases the minimum number of respondents required for reporting results will always be posted and adhered to. Demographic information may be used to provide further insight into the data.
Choice
CustomInsight, LLC does not disclose any personal information, whether collected through its websites or transferred from a client contact, to any other third parties except as required by law or as authorized by the client. Please refer to Onward Transfer (below) for information regarding transfer of data to companies working on our behalf. We may also be directed to transfer data to additional vendors as directed by the client organization. Onward Transfer
CustomInsight, LLC will not transfer personal information to any third party working on our behalf unless the third party agrees to be bound by the same principles and standards CustomInsight, LLC upholds. Prior to the disclosure of data to any third party working on our behalf, CustomInsight, LLC requires said third party execute a written Confidentiality and Non-disclosure Agreement (CNDA) . The CNDA sets forth the confidential nature of data collected and transferred and restricts the third party working on our behalf from releasing information to any other parties without CustomInsight, LLC's express written permission.
In some cases, CustomInsight, LLC may be directed to transfer data to additional vendors as directed by the client organization.
CustomInsight, LLC remains liable under the Privacy Shield Principles if the company's third-party Processor onward transfer recipients process relevant Personal Data in a manner inconsistent with the Privacy Shield Principles, unless CustomInsight, LLC proves that it is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
Security
CustomInsight, LLC takes the following security precautions when storing/using personal information:
CustomInsight, LLC is monitored by security on a 24x7 basis. The servers that house our web surveys reside in a restricted access facility. Firewalls separate the data from the website and the internet.
Data Integrity
Data Integrity is of the utmost importance to CustomInsight, LLC. Any survey used to collect data on the CustomInsight, LLC systems has gone through extensive testing before survey launch to verify the data is being collected and reported correctly. Any files sent to CustomInsight, LLC by a client contact are checked for reasonableness to the extent possible. Ultimate responsibility for the reliability of data sent by a client contact lies with the client. Access
Personal demographic information is provided to CustomInsight, LLC by some of our clients. Employees should contact their HR department to verify and update their personal information if not correct. Any data entered by a respondent is assumed to be correct. Individuals can change their answers prior to submitting a survey, but once a survey is submitted, the information collected is assumed to be correct. Enforcement
CustomInsight, LLC is under the jurisdiction of the Federal Trade Commission (FTC).
CustomInsight, LLC acknowledges that enforcement of the Privacy Shield Privacy Principles is key to our commitment of privacy. Any complaints should be sent to the mailing address or email address above (see Notice). CustomInsight, LLC promises to fully investigate any and all complaints, and take appropriate action where necessary if violations of the Privacy Shield Privacy Principles are found. Any inquiries or complaints will be responded to in a timely manner, and a member of our staff will follow up on all issues to make sure they are handled appropriately. In the event that CustomInsight, LLC and the client cannot come to an agreement to resolve a dispute regarding HR data that is subject to this Privacy Policy, CustomInsight, LLC agrees to have the EU Data Protection Authorities serve as the recourse mechanism. For unresolved complaints regarding other types of data (non-HR data), the EU Data Protection Authorities will be used as the independent recourse mechanism.
CustomInsight, LLC has further committed to cooperate with EU data protection authorities (DPAs) with regard to unresolved Privacy Shield complaints concerning human resources data transferred from the EU in the context of the employment relationship.
If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint from CustomInsight, LLC, or if CustomInsight, LLC has not addressed your complaint to your satisfaction, please contact the EU DPAs for more information or to file a complaint. The services of EU DPAs are provided at no cost to you. Human Resources information
Where a company in the EU transfers personal information about its employees (past or present) collected in the context of the employment relationship, to a parent, affiliate, or unaffiliated service provider in the United States participating in Privacy Shield, the transfer enjoys the benefits of the Privacy Shield framework. In such cases, the collection of the information and its processing prior to transfer will have been subject to the national laws of the EU country where it was collected, and any conditions for or restrictions on its transfer according to those laws will have to be respected.
The Privacy Shield Principles are relevant only when individually identified records are transferred or accessed. Statistical reporting relying on aggregate employment data and/or the use of anonymized or pseudonymized data does not raise privacy concerns.
To access your information, ask questions about our privacy practices, or issue a complaint, contact us at: CustomInsight, LLC
Attn:
Chief Privacy Officer
750 Arrowhead Drive
Carson City, NV 89706
USA
privacy@custominsight.com
If your inquiry is not satisfactorily addressed, we will refer your complaint to the European Data Protection Authorities (DPAs) Dispute Resolution Process. The European Data Protection Authorities will serve as a liaison with the website to resolve your concerns.
If an applicable dispute arises, CustomInsight, LLC will adhere to the binding arbitration process and guidelines, as described at https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=ANNEX-I-introduction.
CustomInsight, LLC complies with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Union and Switzerland to the United States.
CustomInsight, LLC has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles.
If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern.
To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification, please visit https://www.privacyshield.gov/
In compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles, CustomInsight, LLC commits to resolve complaints about our collection or use of your personal information.
EU and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our Privacy Shield policy should first contact CustomInsight, LLC at:
CustomInsight, LLC
Attn: Chief Privacy Officer
750 Arrowhead Dr.
Carson City, NV 80706
USA
CustomInsight, LLC has further committed to cooperate with the panel established by the EU data protection authorities (DPAs) and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC) with regard to unresolved Privacy Shield complaints concerning human resources data transferred from the EU and Switzerland in the context of the employment relationship.
ARTICLES & RESEARCH
What is 360 Degree Feedback?
360 Assessment Design
Sample 360 Degree Feedback Surveys
What is Employee Engagement?
What's an employee engagement survey?
Employee Satisfaction vs. Employee Engagement
Employee Survey Benchmarking
Sample Employee Survey Questions
More articles...
@ 2020 CustomInsight
HOME
PRIVACY
SECURITY
TERMS & CONDITIONS
SITE MAP
CONTACT