https://www.stanfordmarsh.co.uk/privacy
Worcester (Head Office) 0844 856 0701 Also in Bristol, Derby & Bridgend
info@stanfordmarsh.co.uk
Menu
Home
Products
Wide Format Printers - Colour & High Speed Mono
Wide Format Plan Copiers - Multifunctional or Analogue
3D Printers
Photocopiers
Scanning Devices
Design Equipment
Services
Service and Support
About
SMG Finance
Service Point and The Stanford Marsh Group Strategic Agreement
Vacancies
News & Events
Contact
Where are you?
Home »
Privacy
Privacy
This privacy policy applies between you, the User of this Website and Stanford Marsh Ltd the owner and provider of this Website. Stanford Marsh Ltd takes the privacy of your information very seriously. This privacy policy applies to our use of any and all Data collected by us or provided by you in relation to your use of the Website. Please read this privacy policy carefully.
Definitions and Interpretation
1. In this privacy policy, the following definitions are used:
Data
Collectively all information that you submit to Stanford Marsh Ltd via the Website. This definition incorporates, where applicable, the definitions provided in the Data Protection Act 1998.
Stanford Marsh Ltd, we or us Stanford Marsh Ltd, a company incorporated in England and Wales who’s registered office is at Haycroft Works, Buckholt Drive, Warndon Business Park, Worcester, WR4 9ND
User or you
Any third party that accesses the Website and is not either (i) employed by Stanford Marsh Ltd and acting in the course of their employment or (ii) engaged as a consultant or otherwise providing services to Stanford Marsh Ltd and accessing the Website in connection with the provision of such services
Website
The website that you are currently using, Stanford Marsh Ltd, and any sub-domains of this site unless expressly excluded by their own terms and conditions.
2. In this privacy policy, unless the context requires a different interpretation:
a) the singular includes the plural and vice versa;
b) references to sub-clauses, clauses, schedules or appendices are to sub-clauses, clauses, schedules or appendices of this privacy policy;
c) a reference to a person includes firms, companies, government entities, trusts and partnerships;
d) “including” is understood to mean” Including without limitation”;
e) reference to any statutory provision includes any modification or amendment of it;
f) the headings and sub-headings do not form part of this privacy policy.
Scope of this privacy policy
3. This privacy policy applies only to the actions of Stanford Marsh Ltd and Users with respect to this Website. It does not extend to any websites that can be accessed from this Website including, but not limited to, any links we may provide to social media websites.
Data Collected
4. Without limitation, any of the following data may be collected from you:
a) Name
b) Date of Birth;
c) Gender
d) Job Title
e) Contact Information such as email addresses and telephone numbers;
f) Demographic information such as post code, preferences and interests;
g) IP Address (automatically collected)
h) Financial information such as credit/debit card numbers
i) A list of URL’s starting with a referring site, your activity on this Website, and the site you exit to (automatically collected); in each case, in accordance with this privacy policy.
Our use of Data
5. For purposes of the Data Protection Act 1998, Stanford Marsh Ltd is the ‘Data Controller’.
6. We will retain any Data you submit for up to 5 years.
7. Unless we are obliged or permitted by law to do so, and subject to any third party disclosures specifically set out in this policy, your Data will not be disclosed to third parties. This includes our affiliates and/or other companies within our group.
8. All Personal Data is stored securely in accordance with the principles of the Data Protection Act 1998. For more details on security, see the clause below.
9. Any or all of the above Data may be required by us from time to time in order to provide you with the best service and experience when using our Website.
Specifically, Data may be used by us for the following reasons:
a) Internal record keeping;
b) Improvement of our products/services;
c) Contact for market research purposes which may be done using email, telephone or mail. Such information may be used to customise or update the Website;
…in each case, in accordance with this privacy policy.
Third party websites and services
10. Stanford Marsh Ltd may, from time to time, employ the services of other parties for dealing with certain processes necessary for the operation of the Website. The providers of such services have access to certain personal Data provided by Users of this Website.
11. Any Data used by such parties is used only to the extent required by them to perform the services that we request. Any use for other purposes is strictly prohibited. Furthermore, any Data that is processed by third parties will be processed within the terms of this privacy policy and in accordance with the Data
Protection Act 1998.
Links to other websites
12. This Website may, from time to time, provide links to other websites. We have no control over such websites and are not responsible for the content of these websites. This privacy policy does not extend to your use of such websites. You are advised to read the privacy policy or statement of other websites prior to using them.
Changes of business ownership and control
13. Stanford Marsh Ltd may, from time to time, expand or reduce our business and this may involve the sale and/or the transfer of control of all or part of Stanford Marsh Ltd. Data provided by Users will, where it is relevant to any part of our business so transferred, be transferred along with that part and the new owner or newly controlling party will, under the terms of this privacy policy, be permitted to use the Data for the purpose of which it was originally supplied to us.
14. We may also disclose Data to a prospective purchaser of our business or any part of it.
15. In the above instances, we will take steps with the aim of ensuring your privacy is protected.
Controlling use of your Data
16. Wherever you are required to submit Data, you will be given options to restrict our use of that Data.
This may include the following:
a) Use of Data for direct marketing purposes; and
b) Sharing Data with third parties
Functionality of the website
17. To use all features and functions available on the Website, you may be required to submit certain Data.
Accessing your own Data
18. You have the right to ask for a copy of your personal data, on payment of a small fee.
Security
19. Data security is of great importance to Stanford Marsh Ltd and to protect your Data we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure Data collected via this Website.
20. If password access is required for certain parts of the Website, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential.
21. We endeavour to do our best to protect your personal Data. However, transmission of information over the internet is not entirely secure and is done at your own risk. We cannot ensure the security of your Data transmitted to the Website.
General
22. You may not transfer any of your rights under this privacy policy to any other person. We may transfer our rights under this privacy policy were we reasonably believe your rights will not be effected.
23. If any court or competent authority finds that any provision of this privacy policy (or part of any provision) is invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that provision or part-provision will, to the extent required, be deemed to be deleted, and the validity and enforceability of the other provisions of this privacy policy will not be effected.
24. Unless otherwise agreed, no delay, act or omission by a party in exercising any right or remedy will be deemed a waiver of that, or any other, right or remedy.
25. This Agreement will be governed by and interpreted according to the law of England and Wales.
All disputes arising under the Agreement will be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English and Welsh courts.
Changes to this privacy policy
26. Stanford Marsh Ltd reserves the right to change this privacy policy as we deem necessary from time to time or as may be required by law. Any changes will be immediately posted on the Website and you are deemed to have accepted the terms of the privacy policy on your first use of the Website following the alterations.
Use of Cookies
On occasion, we may gather information about your computer for our services and to provide statistical information regarding the use of our website to our advertisers. Such information will not identify you personally it is statistical data about our visitors and their use of our site. This statistical data does not identify any personal details whatsoever. Similarly, to the above, we may gather information about your general internet use by using a cookie file. Where used, these cookies are downloaded to your computer automatically. This cookie file is stored on the hard drive of your computer as cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer’s hard drive. They help us to improve our website and the service that we provide to you. All computers have the ability to decline cookies. This can be done by activating the setting on your browser which enables you to decline the cookies. Please note that should you choose to decline cookies; you may be unable to access particular parts of our website. Our advertisers may also use cookies, over which we have no control. Such cookies (if used) would be downloaded once you click on advertisements on our website.
You may contact SMGG Ltd by email at info@stanfordmarsh.co.uk
Date: March 2018
Stanford Marsh is part of the Stanford Marsh Group – the UK’s
market leader in providing design technology needs
WIDE-FORMAT PRINTERS & MEDIA
SMGG is the trade Graphics Division of the Stanford Marsh Group, specialising in Wide Format Output Devices and medias since 1965. Huge range at SMGG
3D PRINT SYSTEM SPECIALIST
The UK’s leading supplier of Stratasys and Desktop Metal 3D printers and industrial rapid prototyping systems. Buy direct from Tri-Tech 3D
AUTOCAD RESELLERS & TRAINING
CADSPEC is one of the UK's leading suppliers of 2D and 3D CAD software and is an Autodesk Authorised Training Centre.
Training with CADSpec
SMG OFFICE SUPPLIES
Looking for standard office supplies? Visit our store for standard stationery
SMG office supplies only
About Us
The UK's independent market leader in providing Design Technology, through to CAD software and training and certification, 3D Printing in both Polymers and Metals as well as wide-format printing applications to a broad range of customer types including signage & graphics, photographic and general CAD design
With turnover exceeding £20 million and with Six prime locations incorporating TRI-TECH 3D and Cadspec, we are well placed to meet all the demands of a busy drawing office.
The Stanford Marsh Group was established in 1965, to provide wide format printing equipment and large format consumables to anyone with a design requirement or wide format output need.
We are the only company in the UK who can provide in-house manufacturer led service support, hardware and software sales of all the leading market brands:
Contact Details
Worcester (Head Office)
Haycroft Works, Buckholt Drive, Warndon Business Park, Worcester, WR4 9ND
Telephone:
e-mail: info@stanfordmarsh.co.uk
Also in
Bristol, Derby & Bridgend
Follow us on
Quick Links
Home
Products
Services
About
News & Events
Contact
Privacy
Terms & Conditions
Sitemap
© 2020 Stanford Marsh
Website by Hughes Media