https://www.docsvault.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Home/Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Easy Data Access is committed to protecting your personal information. This statement explains our web site policies and practices.
Information Collected
Easy Data Access collects personal information through the web site to support customer relationships and provide services. The information collected may include your name, phone number, e-mail, address, or title. Providing this information is voluntary, usually when you register for an event, request software evaluations,subscribe to our monthly newsletter or user support groups. You do not have to provide any information to Easy Data Access, but our ability to provide you with certain services or information might be restricted should you elect not to provide the requested information.
When you visit the Easy Data Access web site, our web server identifies the unique Internet address you are connecting from and basic information about your web browser, the operating system of your computer, software plug-ins installed on your system, and your hardware platform.
Payment Process
Easy Data Access collects your payment
information, if you are purchasing online. This is required to complete a
commercial transaction on the Site. We use this information to enable and
fulfill your transaction. Easy Data Access uses leading payment
processor for secure PCI-compliant handling of credit card information for
online purchase of our products and services.
PayPal is
available as a payment provider option to our customers. If you choose to use
PayPal®, the privacy policy of PayPal® will apply to the
information you provide on the PayPal® website. Docsvault only keeps track of card
type & last 4 digits of card number for reference if payment is directly
make through card for reference.
Cookies and Similar Technologies
Cookies are small
text strings sent to your web browser, which is then stored on your computer
and identifies you when you return to our web site. Docsvault uses cookies and
similar technologies to collect usage and analytic data that helps us provide
our Site, Software, and/or Services to you as well as to help deliver ads for
relevant Docsvault products and services to you when you visit certain pages on
the Site and then visit certain third-party sites. Google Analytics is the main
technology we currently use in this regard. Our products currently do not
respond to Do Not Track requests.
Cookies will
not be used by Easy Data Access to track any other of your
activities on the Internet. You can always select not to accept cookies through
a functionality built into your web browser.
Social Media Features
Our Websites
include Social Media Features, such as the Facebook Like button and Widgets
such as the Share This button or interactive mini-programs that run on our
site. These features may collect your IP address, which pages you are visiting
on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly.
Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted
directly on our Website. This Privacy Policy does not apply to these
features.  Your interactions with these
features are governed by the privacy policy and other policies of the companies
providing them.
Use of Personal Information
We
use personal information for the agreed upon purposes only, for example to
email you new offers or to communicate with you about our product
announcement,
software updates, as well as provide support to your requests for
assistance, including
account verification support if you’re having
difficulty accessing your account.
You may opt out of such communications at any time by clicking the "unsubscribe" link found within emails and changing your contact preferences. All Easy Data Access registered account holders will continue to receive transactional messages related to our Services, even if you unsubscribe from promotional emails.
Information Access and Disclosure
Easy Data Access may share or disclose information to its affiliates and subsidiaries worldwide, as well as our business partners serving you. We also use service providers for specific services and functions, including hosting, customer support services, and analytics.
Easy Data Access does not sell information collected from visitors visiting our web site. Additionally, we may post any customer statements, quotes or testimonials obtained via communications with us, on our website and in marketing materials. By submitting, users agree to give us all rights to any material for the promotion of Docsvault Products.
Changing and Updating Personal Information
You have access to your personal information collected by us. If you would like to change, update, or remove your personal information, contact us by sending an email to webmaster(at)edaUSA.com. Please allow 30 days for us to update your information.
Safeguards: Protecting Your Information
Easy Data Access is committed to protecting the security of your information and takes reasonable precautions to protect it.
We use industry-standard encryption to protect your data in transit. This is commonly referred to as transport layer security ("TLS") or secure socket layer ("SSL") technology.
Our servers are located in the United States, so your information may be transferred, stored, or processed in the United States. While the data protection, privacy, and other laws of the United States might not be as comprehensive as those in other countries, we take many steps to protect your privacy, including offering a data processing addendum.
Our staff are aware of the importance of maintaining the security and confidentiality of personal information. Access to your personal information is protected by password and limited to a few individuals on "need-to-know" basis.
Easy Data Access will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as long as your information is necessary to provide you with our services. We may also retain and use your information to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, prevent abuse, and enforce our agreements.
For EEA Users
Easy Data Access staff, processes and stores Personal Data, included above, as necessary to perform our contract with you, and based on our legitimate interests in order to provide the Services. We rely on your consent to process Personal Data to send product updates & promotional emails and to place cookies on your devices. In some cases, Easy Data Access may process Personal Data pursuant to legal obligation or to protect your vital interests or those of another person.
Recourse
If you have any concerns about the Easy Data Access web site, contact the Webmaster at webmaster(at)edaUSA.com
Third Parties and Other Web Sites.
Our web site provides links to third parties and other web sites. The privacy policies of these third parties are not under our control and may be different from ours.
Changes to This Privacy Statement.
Easy Data Access reserves the right to change this Privacy Statement at any time. The changes will be reflected on this page.