http://www.eloqua.com/legal/privacy/marketing-cloud-data-cloud-privacy-policy.html#adchoices
Marketing Automation – Eloqua | Marketing | CX | Oracle
home
nav
Oracle
Close
Search
Search
Products
Resources
Support
Events
View AccountsSign In
Back
Oracle Account
Sign-In
Create an Account
Help
Sign Out
Cloud Account
Sign in to Cloud
Sign Up for Cloud Free Tier
No results found
Your search did not match any results.
We suggest you try the following to help find what you’re looking for:
Check the spelling of your keyword search.
Use synonyms for the keyword you typed, for example, try “application” instead of “software.”
Try one of the popular searches shown below.
Start a new search.
Trending Questions
Close
Applications
Customer Experience
Marketing
Contact us
Oracle Eloqua
Orchestrate brilliant campaigns for B2B or considered-purchase audiences with Oracle Eloqua. Easily create and implement simple to sophisticated marketing strategies across all channels to engage buyers using personal, meaningful experiences. Personalize your communications, at scale, to ensure that every customer interaction matters.
See what Oracle Eloqua can do for you.
View a demo
Explore Oracle Eloqua
Campaign orchestration
Segmentation and targeting
Lead management
Asset management
Sales and marketing alignment
Marketing measurement
Platform
Adaptive campaign orchestration
Create dynamic campaigns that will intrigue buyers and intelligently adapt the experience based on a buyer’s real-time activities at every stage of the customer journey.
Create campaigns that adapt
Respond to unpredictable customer journeys. Eloqua can listen for key activities and adapt the experience or move customers to a different campaign to better match their interests.
Deploy campaigns faster
Easily create multi-step or simple campaigns in minutes using an intuitive drag and drop interface that spans multiple channels, such as email, display search, web, video and mobile.
Simplify campaign management
Save time by using Eloqua’s Program Canvas to automate repetitive manual tasks. Simplify and extend your data workflows with program triggers such as changes in lead score or gaining a new contact.
Optimize send time
Send emails when they are most likely to be opened. Eloqua assesses historical data to determine the optimal time for a contact to receive an email so you can send emails on the preferred day and time for each customer.
Marketing Automation 101 (PDF)
Five Keys to Successful Automated Marketing (PDF)
Go Further with Marketing Automation
(PDF)
Blog: The Path to CX Excellence for B2B Marketers
Read about Oracle's strengths in Gartner's Magic Quadrant for CRM Lead Management 2020
Segment and target with precision
Unite behavioral and firmographic data from multiple sources to build, filter and segment audiences so you can precisely target individuals with rich customer profiles based on specific attributes, interests and geography.
Scalable segmentation
Connect with the right person based on who they are and what they're doing. Your teams will never hit a limit when segmenting customers in Eloqua.
Data-driven targeting
Assemble segments for targeting using unlimited data from CRMs, web visits, internal systems, and third-party platforms. Add custom objects and filter using implicit or explicit data to deploy relevant personalized experiences.
Dynamically update lists
Filter Eloqua contacts based on profile, account and activity data, and use CRM and other system data to dynamically update lists.
Automate retargeting activities
Access real-time streaming data using feeder apps to trigger retargeting messages for a known contact. Based on behavior, move contacts into a more appropriate experience using specific rules within Program Canvas.
5-Minute Audience Targeting Primer (PDF)
Blog: Bringing More of Your Data Together
Lead management and scoring
Automate lead scoring that updates in real-time across multiple campaigns and business lines. Improve sales readiness with quality leads that can be delivered to sales in minutes.
Accurate lead scoring
Score leads on both customer profile data and activity data to create dynamic non-linear lead scores. Our model allows for real-time adjustments based on the most recent and relevant activity to ensure the highest accuracy.
Flexible lead modeling
Run sophisticated lead-scoring models concurrently and that scale automatically for as many products or campaigns as you require. Scoring models are easily updated without the help of IT.
Do More With Lead Management (PDF)
Asset creation and management
Design and create compelling emails, landing pages and forms that engage your customers to interact with your brand and efficiently manage content assets across teams and campaigns.
Powerful design editors
Build beautiful, responsive emails, landing pages and forms without needing to use HTML code or get help from IT or agencies.
Reusable content blocks
Leverage brand-compliant reusable blocks of content for campaign assets. Blocks of content can be saved, re-assembled and edited to meet the unique needs of multiple internal teams or campaigns saving valuable time and resources.
Dynamic content
Create dynamic content for emails or landing pages that adapts and personalizes the messaging based on customer preferences, location or other specific information tied to the recipient.
Subject line optimization
Use historical email open data to measure the success of a subject line based on those previously used and leverage these insights to optimize new subject lines for better open rates.
Progressive forms
Progressively profile prospects and leads using interactive forms and hidden fields, easily created without the need for code.
Improve conversion rates by eliminating the need to ask for more information.
Blog: Accelerate Email Creation with Content Blocks
Improve sales and marketing alignment
Bring marketing and sales closer together through unified buyer and account intelligence. Identify, prioritize, and track high-value opportunities and top-tier accounts across the sales cycle.
Eloqua Engage emails
Enable your sales team to engage prospects directly with brand-approved email communications using Eloqua’s Engage. Engage can be accessed in either the CRM, within a Microsoft Outlook account, or the mobile app, and communications are tracked in the system.
Eloqua Profiler insights
Share contacts’ marketing activity, account, and profile data with sales in real time. View scores and profiles to identify sales readiness in a CRM, Microsoft Outlook Add-in, Google Chrome pop-up browser, or our mobile app.
Sales Tools extensions
View additional third-party information within Profiler to help identify high-potential buyers and drive engagement. Access data from integrations with some of our top partners such as LinkedIn, 6thSense, and other ABM vendors.
Native CRM integrations
Easily connect and configure your CRM integration with our native CRM apps for Salesforce and Oracle CX Sales. Prioritize and route the most engaged leads in minutes versus hours or days.
Blog: ABM best practices
Blog: Lead management best practices
Measure for success
Accurately track and measure business impact with detailed marketing reports and dashboards. Oracle Eloqua provides flexible and powerful out-of-the-box reporting to help you understand exactly how your programs are performing.
Marketing operations center
Get a holistic view of your Eloqua instance to monitor overall system health all in one place. View all activity and usage metrics including bulk API activity, native CRM activity, email sends, form submissions, page views and more.
Campaign analysis dashboard
Monitor campaign activity and performance for all campaigns. Compare performance of campaigns and view outbound/inbound activity and response rates.
Email analysis dashboard
Access a comprehensive overview of the performance of emails sent within a specified time frame. View metrics such as email opens, clickthroughs, form submissions, and more.
Account engagement dashboard
Visualize the aggregated engagement of accounts and identify those that are highly engaged. Build custom account analytics to better understand performance of your account based marketing campaigns.
Closed-loop reporting
See how sales opportunity revenue is attributed to marketing campaigns so that you can analyze your overall campaign revenue performance (ROI) to identify the best and worst performing campaigns.
Eloqua dashboards
Extensible and scalable platform
This marketing automation platform was built from the ground up to support your business now, and scale effortlessly as it grows over time.
Oracle Cloud Marketplace
Access more than 500 prebuilt, vetted integrations that give you the functionality of real-time data flows. Our extensive Marketing AppCloud partner applications directory allows you to control and configure integrations without IT support.
Advanced professional services
Collaborate with our full-service Oracle Consulting Services organization to augment your team’s capabilities and resolve any outstanding digital marketing needs.
Global education opportunities
Provide your regional or global teams with Eloqua training and certifications via Oracle University to ensure your organization’s immediate success.
Eloqua scalability and reliability
Oracle Cloud Marketplace
Eloqua training and certification
View all customer successes
Oracle Eloqua customer successes
Learn how companies like yours use Oracle Eloqua to help their teams succeed.
Movember increases revenue through advanced targeting with Oracle Eloqua
Watch the video (1:00)
Key benefits
Orchestrate personalized experiences that drive revenue
Unify customer data in Eloqua to respond to your buyers’
signals with orchestrated campaigns that engage and convert.
Generate more sales-approved leads faster
Create multiple lead scores for your buyers nurtured across multiple campaigns and push leads into the CRM in minutes.
Enhance ABM strategies that engage, convert and expand target accounts
Identify your key accounts and enrich contacts with account data for better accuracy when scoring and prioritizing.
Improve time-to-market with an open and extensible application framework
Extend marketing processes easily with prebuilt, vetted integrations of essential custom objects and data, without the need for IT intervention.
Improve campaign results with cleaner contact data
Maintain clean and complete data across multiple regions and instances. Integrate the contact washing machine app to maintain a clean contact database with the ability to integrate with multiple CRMs.
Gartner MQ for CRM Lead Management
June 4, 2020
How Sports Teams Connected with Fans Amid COVID-19
Michael McNichols, Senior Content Manager, Oracle
On March 11, 2020, Major League Baseball cancelled its spring training and postponed the start of its 2020 season due to COVID-19. Read about a few examples of how the digital marketing teams of these sports organizations shifted their marketing plans to keep their fans engaged, even during this time.
Read the complete post
Featured blogs
View all
Resources
Cloud readiness
Documentation
Customer community
Cloud learning
Support and services
Related content
CX Marketing release readiness
Get up to speed on the latest release of Eloqua and ensure that your upgrade is a success. Review the latest features, including capability overviews, business benefits, setup considerations, and usage tips.
Learn more
Additional information
Help center
Manage cloud services
SaaS Cloud Learning Subscriptions
Gartner Report: Magic Quadrant for CRM Lead Management 2020
Eloqua remains a Leader in the Gartner Magic Quadrant for CRM Lead Management in 2019
Learn how Gartner once again ranked Oracle Eloqua as a Leader for its clear market understanding and sales strategy. The report saw Eloqua’s
strengths as data management, ABM functionality, and scalability. See how Eloqua compares to other CRM Lead Management Leaders.
Learn more
Additional information
Documentation library
Browse tours
Oracle University
Topliners for Oracle Eloqua
Part of the Oracle Community, Topliners for Oracle Eloqua is a content-rich, engaging, and interactive space to share information, questions, and comments about Eloqua and related technologies.
Explore Topliners
Develop your Eloqua skills
Oracle University provides learning solutions to help build cloud skills, validate expertise, and accelerate adoption. Learn more about training and certification you can rely on to ensure your organization's success.
Browse Eloqua training
Learning resources
Free CX Marketing training
CX Marketing learning subscription
Eloqua certification
Eloqua Help Center
The Eloqua Help Center provides you with product documentation and videos to help you become successful with Eloqua. Learn about what’s new, user basics, and how to get started.
Learn more
Additional information
My Oracle Support
Consulting services
B2B marketing maturity ebook
Understand the path your organization may want to take to improve their B2B marketing efforts.
Learn more (PDF)
Trending
Personalized marketing for B2B ebook (PDF)
Blog: The Path to CX Excellence for B2B Marketer
You may also be interested in…
Oracle Maxymiser
Website testing and personalization
See product details
Oracle Infinity
Real-time digital analytics
See product details
Oracle CX Content
Centralized universal asset hub
See product details
Oracle Datafox
Account-level data and signals
See product details
Get started
Request a demo
See what Oracle Cloud CX can do for you.
Watch a demo
Take a tour
Explore the Cloud CX suite on your own.
Browse tours
Subscribe
Stay up to date with the latest CX news and information sent directly through email.
Get the newsletter
Contact us
Talk to a team member about Oracle Cloud CX.
Get in touch
Resources for
Developers
Startups
Students and Educators
Partners
Oracle PartnerNetwork
Find a Partner
Log in to OPN
Solutions
Artificial Intelligence
Internet of Things
Blockchain
What’s New
Oracle’s response to COVID-19
Java SE Downloads
Try Oracle Cloud Free Tier
Contact Us
US Sales: +1.800.633.0738
How can we help?
Subscribe to emails
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
YouTube
Oracle
Integrated Cloud Applications & Platform Services
© 2020 Oracle
Site Map
Privacy/Do Not Sell My Info
Country/Region
Ad Choices
Careers