https://www.webservio.net/legal/privacy.htm
Webservio Privacy Policy
Webservio, Inc. ("Webservio", "we", "us", "our") is committed to respecting your privacy. Please read the following Privacy Policy ("Policy") to understand what type of data we may collect about you, why we collect it, and how we store, use, and share personal information. By using any of our Sites and/or Services, you consent to the collection and use of your personal information in accordance with this Policy. If you do not agree with the data practices described in this Policy, you should not use our Sites or Services.
This policy will let you know the following:
What personal information is collected from me?
What are cookies and how they are used by Webservio?
How is my personal information used?
Who is collecting my personal information?
With whom will my personal information be shared?
How can I access, update or delete my personal information?
How can I opt out of receiving communications from Webservio?
What else should I know about my privacy?
Are there any other legal notices I should be aware of?
1. What personal information is collected from me?
Webservio obtains information about you when you use our Sites and/or Services. We collect information in the following ways.
General Communications
When you contact us about our Services, request information, or sign up to receive email updates, we may ask you to voluntarily provide personal information, which could include:
Contact Information, such as your name, email, address, and phone number; and
Profile Information, such as your website URL, professional role, company demographics, experience with the services we provide, contact preferences, and other information related to your particular inquiry.
Registering and Purchasing
When registering an Account or purchasing Services, we may also request:
Access Information, such as a username and password; and
Billing Information, such as credit card information, bank account, routing number, or billing address.
Visiting Our Sites
You are not required to provide any personal information to merely access or visit our Sites. When you visit a Site or login to your Account, we may collect non-personal data related to your online activity, including:
Device Information, such as IP address, geographic location, internet service provider, device type, operating system, browser type; and
Online Activity, such as the pages you view, how long you spend on a page, actions you take on the website (such as clicking a link, watching a video, or filling out a form), the website that referred you to our website, and any links you click on to leave our website.
This type of data is generally anonymous and does not reveal your identity. However, if you provide us with your personal information by submitting a form or registering an Account, this type of data could become associated with you.
You can opt out of providing information about your device and online activity by disabling cookies and/or setting your web browser settings to Do Not Track. For more information, please review Section 2 about cookies.
2. What are cookies and how are they used by Webservio?
Webservio uses cookies to analyze website performance with the intention of improving user experience. Cookies are small files that may be saved on your computer or mobile device. Cookies are used to:
Estimate our audience size and measure certain traffic patterns to understand how our users' habits are similar or different from one another;
Remember your actions and preferences in order to deliver you better service or information more relevant to your interests; and
Facilitate sales and support functions, such as live chat or form submissions.
Cookies may be set by Webservio or by trusted third parties. Refer to Section 5 for more information about the third parties that we work with.
You can disable cookies by changing the settings on your web browser. However, disabling cookies may result in some web pages not displaying properly, certain functionalities may not work correctly, or you may not be permitted to access certain information. If you wish to disable cookies, you can follow the instructions for your web browser.
Chrome
Firefox
Internet Explorer
Safari
3. How is my personal information used?
The personal information you provide will be used to support your relationship with Webservio in accordance with our Terms of Service, which may include the following:
Provide you with information that you request;
Provide you with the Services that you request and to carry out our obligations arising from any agreement entered into between you and Webservio;
Authorize and authenticate your use of the Services or access to information;
Provide you with information regarding the status of your Account and to bill you for Services;
Provide you with additional content relevant to the requested information or Services;
Administer, test, analyze, and improve our Services and Sites; or
Manage our legal and operational affairs.
4. Who is collecting my personal information?
When you are asked for personal information on a Site, you are sharing that information only with Webservio and the third parties we work with, unless specifically stated otherwise. Refer to Section 5 for more information about the third parties that we work with.
Webservio may occasionally receive information about you from third-party sources when it is relevant to providing you with our Services or information you have requested. In particular, this may occur when conducting financial transactions with payment providers. Any information provided to us by a third party is controlled by your privacy settings with that service provider.
5. With whom does Webservio share my personal information?
Webservio does not sell, rent or lease your personal information to others. Your information may be shared with carefully selected agents, contractors, or business partners for the purpose of performing services for Webservio. Third parties will only have access to the data relevant for the service they provide. We may share your personal information with these types of third parties:
Subcontractors or service providers who assist us with sales, marketing, analytics, payment processing, and other business functions;
Our professional advisers, such as lawyers and accountants; or
If you purchase Services through us that are provided by a third party, we will pass your personal information to such third party in order for them to fulfill your order.
It may also be necessary for Webservio to share personal information with third parties for these additional purposes:
With authorized representatives in your organization to provide service and support of your Account;
In response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements;
To investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, or situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of the Terms of Access or Terms of Service, or as otherwise required by law; or
In the event of a merger, consolidation, or sale of all or substantially all of Webservio's assets.
Webservio may share aggregated data with others. Aggregated data does not include personally identifiable information.
6. How do I access, update, or delete my information?
You can make requests regarding your personal information by contacting privacy@webservio.com or in writing at P.O. Box 51262 Knoxville, TN 37950-1262, United States. Please note that we will require you to verify your identity before responding to your request. You may request:
A machine-readable copy of the personal information that Webservio has collected about you;
Correction of factual inaccuracies or to update your personal information; or
Removal of your personal information from Webservio's databases.
At any time, you may notify Webservio that we no longer have permission to use your information for a particular purpose. If you revoke your consent to the extent that is required for us to carry out our obligations arising from any agreement entered into between you and Webservio, you may supply an alternate representative for the Account. If no alternate is provided, your Services may be cancelled, subject to the Terms of Service.
Upon Account deletion and/or request for data erasure, we will still retain a bare minimum of your personal data that is reasonably necessary to resolve any disputes and to comply with legal and regulatory obligations. For example, we are required to maintain records of user consent to use and process their data and/or to delete their data.
7. How can I opt out of receiving communications from Webservio?
Webservio may contact you with information related to content or Services you have requested. Email preferences allow you to change the types of emails you receive. At any time, you can unsubscribe from all non-transactional emails by clicking the unsubscribe link that is included at the bottom of the email.
If you have purchased Services from Webservio, you will receive communications regarding critical service, security, and legal updates, billing reminders, invoices, support notifications, or other matters related to your Account. If you do not wish to receive any transactional or service communications, you must cancel your Account for Webservio Services. Cancellations are subject to the Terms of Service and any additional agreements entered into between you and Webservio. Even after cancellation, you may still receive communications regarding any unresolved disputes, such as debt collection.
8. What else should I know about the transmission of my personal data?
Security of Personal Information
The transmission of information via the internet, email, phone, or text message is not completely secure. Therefore, we cannot guarantee the security of your information and any transmission is at your own risk. However, Webservio is committed to taking reasonable efforts to secure the personal information you choose to provide.
Webservio and the third parties we work with employ industry-standard controls to prevent personal information from being accidentally lost, used, or accessed in an unauthorized way. These measures may include but are not limited to:
Encryption of data transmitted over the internet and in storage where appropriate;
Access controls, such as key locks, electronic access controls, and authentication with a username and password; and
Cybersecurity measures, such as firewalls, intrusion detection, and network monitoring.
Cross-Border Transfer of Data
Webservio websites are operated in the United States. Third parties with whom we might share your personal information, as explained in Section 5, store and process data in the United States and other countries. Countries where your personal data is stored and processed may have different laws that are potentially not as protective as the ones in your home country. We will take reasonable measures to ensure that your personal information is handled in accordance with this Policy.
9. Are there any other legal notices I should be aware of?
Guidelines Regarding Children
Webservio requires that all account holders be 18 years of age or older. In addition, our Sites and Services are not designed for or directed to children under the age of 16, and Webservio will not knowingly collect or maintain information about any person under the age of 16. If you believe Webservio has collected any personal information from or about any person under 16, please contact us at privacy@webservio.com.
Scope of This Policy
This Policy only covers personal information collected by Webservio. Our Sites or email communications may contain links to third party websites. If you follow one of these links, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies. Webservio staff may also recommend or refer you to third parties for additional resources or services. Webservio does not accept any responsibility or liability for these resources or services. Use of these resources or services is at your sole discretion. Before you submit data to any third parties, please check their policies.
Changes to This Policy
We reserve the right to change, modify, or update this Policy from time to time. A copy of the latest version of this Policy will always be available on this page, so please check back periodically. If we make any material changes to this Policy, we will send an email notification to representatives for all active Accounts. Notices will also be posted in our support and billing portals. The use of personal information that we gather is subject to the Policy in effect at the time of use.
Privacy Complaints
Any dispute over privacy is subject to this Policy and our Terms of Access, including limitations on damages and application of the law of the State of Tennessee, United States.
If you have any concern about your privacy in connection with this Policy, please send a thorough description to privacy@webservio.com, and we will try to resolve it. You also have the right to complain to data protection authorities. The relevant data protection authority will be the data protection authority of the country of your habitual residence, of your place of work, or in which you consider the alleged infringement has occurred.