http://www.epic.org/privacy/telemarketing/jfpacom11806.html
Rules and Regulations Implementing the Telephone Consumer Protection Act
of 1991
Docket No. CG 05–338;
Comments of the Electronic Privacy Information Center Concerning
Implementation of the Junk Fax Prevention Act January 18, 2006 Pursuant to the notice published by the Federal Communications Commission
(Commission) on December 19, 2005 seeking comments on implementation of
the Junk Fax Prevention Act, the Electronic Privacy Information Center submit
the following comments.[1] Recognition of an Established Business Relationship Exemption In addition, the Commission seeks specific comment on whether the Commission
should establish parameters defining what it means for a person to provide
a facsimile number ``within the context of [an] established business relationship.''
Under what circumstances should the Commission recognize that a person has
voluntarily agreed to make a facsimile number available for public distribution?
Should the burden rest with the sender to establish that the recipient has
agreed to make the number publicly available? When the sender obtains the
facsimile number from a directory, advertisement, or site on the Internet,
should the sender be required to make reasonable efforts to confirm with
the entity that compiled the numbers that the recipients have ``voluntarily''
agreed to allow them to be made publicly available? The Commission should recognize that a person has voluntarily agreed to
make a number available for public distribution only where that person has
explicitly stated that they wish to receive unsolicited commercial messages. The mere presence of a fax number in a directory should not constitute
voluntary agreement for dissemination to senders.  Companies that publish
directories often use tactics that are subtle in order to populate the database
with as many numbers as possible without notice to the individual, consent,
or any degree of voluntariness.  For instance, "enhancement" or
list "appendage" is the practice of buying more personal information
on a consumer based on data collected at point of sale.  Through enhancement,
a retailer may ask for a consumer's phone number, and then use the number
to purchase the consumer's address or fax information.  By merely giving
a name to a retailer, the store can buy address and phone information from
a data broker such as Acxiom.  There is no evidence that presence in these
databases indicates that the individual "voluntarily agreed" to
make the number available to others.
Additionally, data are collected involuntarily through "ANI,"
or Automatic Number Identification.  ANI is similar to Caller ID, but the
caller cannot disable ANI. ANI reveals the name, address, and phone number
of the telephone subscriber when the line is used to call a toll-free (800,
888), charge (900, 976), or police phone number (911).  Companies can collect
ANI and use it to add to its personal information databases, or sell it
to data brokers.   Again, there is no evidence that the individual voluntarily
agreed to have their numbers circulated to other simply because they transmit
ANI or Caller ID. It is important to understand that there is a culture of secrecy surrounding
data collection.  Companies risk "creeping out" their customers
by revealing their identification and data aggregation tactics.  For instance,
a casino profiled recently by the Wall Street Journal trains its operators
not to tell customers that they have been automatically identified and categorized
by their profiling system.  "That would be too creepy," said the
company official in charge of the system.[2]  The fact that many companies hide
their data collection practices, or obscure them through claims that they
are done for security purposes, is strong evidence that consumers are not
knowing, voluntary participants.  Thus, mere presence in a directory should
not constitute voluntary agreement to disseminate the number. Similarly, the mere presence of a fax number on a site on the Internet
should not constitute voluntary agreement.  Allowing such a broad loophole
would permit information companies to simply post online every possible
permutation of a phone number, thus allowing junk faxers to exploit that
exemption.  Voluntary agreement should only be found where a person posts
their fax number on a website that they control coupled with a statement
that the holder of the number wishes to receive unsolicited fax messages
from businesses that have an EBR. Individuals, companies, and non-profits with fax machines that post their
number online (such as EPIC) do not expect that the number will be harvested
for commercial purposes.  In fact, these entities are often required to
publish this information in the public record to comply with court rules
or administrative agency requirements.  It is unfair to require the disclosure
of this information for one purpose and then allow marketer to reuse it
for advertising purposes. The FCC's rules should accommodate the ability for a web site owner that
publishes a fax number to also include a statement that no fax advertisements
should be sent to the number based on its mere presence online.  Individuals
should be able to post their fax numbers online with a "Do-Not-Fax"
message so that they can share the number for business purposes without
being inundated with cost-shifted advertising. The burden of proof for the existence of an EBR should rest upon the fax
sender rather than the recipient.  It has been our experience that junk
faxers will employ many different dubious excuses to argue that an EBR exists.
For instance, if a recipient says that he does not have an EBR with a specific
company, the junk faxer will claim that the recipient's spouse falls under
the EBR.  If the recipient does not have a spouse, the sender will claim
that it was the recipient's roommate.  If the recipient does not have a
roommate, the sender will claim that the previous holder of the phone number
falls under the EBR, and so on. Simply put, it is unfair to allow cost-shifted advertising to be sent to
fax owners based on the mere claim that an EBR exists.  Popular sales software
(such as ACT) tracks contacts with clients and can provide an audit trail
to support the existence of the EBR.  The burden should be upon the sender
to keep this trail of contacts to prove the existence of the EBR. We second the comments of Robert Biggerstaff in this docket concerning
junk faxes and EBRs.[3]  As Biggerstaff stated, companies follow a "Fax
First, Look for EBR Later If Caught" business plan.  Even a cursory
review of junk fax litigation shows that senders come up with ingenious
excuses that invariably place the blame back on the recipient.
Companies that wish to engage in cost-shifted advertising should at least
bear the burden of proving that they have an EBR to justify sending of the
messages.  Doing otherwise would guarantee the resurrection of notorious
junk faxers like Fax.com and American Blast Fax. Definition of Established Business Relationship …the Commission takes this opportunity to seek comment on whether to
limit the EBR as applied to unsolicited facsimile advertisements. We comment that the time period for the EBR should be as limited as possible,
considering the low bar for the creation of an EBR.  Under the junk faxers
regime, literally, purchasing a cup of coffee or just visiting a store would
create the right to look up the customer's number in a database and start
faxing.
Considering the low bar for the EBR and the abuse that the exemption has
already created, we urge the Commission to establish a widow smaller than
that permitted under the telemarketing rules. In addition, as set forth in the Junk Fax Prevention Act, the Commission
seeks comment on the benefits to facsimile recipients of limits on the EBR.
Are there direct costs to consumers associated with receiving facsimile
advertisements, such as costs for paper, toner, and time spent collecting
and sorting faxes that weighs in favor of limiting the facsimile EBR? There are incredible costs passed on to the public as a result of junk
faxes.  In addition to the cost of paper and toner, junk faxes are used
widely to promote fraudulent schemes (such as "pump and dump"
stock trades) and consumer frauds (such as the ubiquitous vacation and cruise
advertisements coming from Florida boiler rooms).  Junk faxes also tie up
fax lines; in some cases, such as where a junk faxer is sending hundreds
of advertisements to an office or a hospital, this can result in loss of
productivity or risk that important faxes cannot be transmitted.  Many people
who own fax machines simply unplug them and lose the benefit of the technology,
because they receive junk faxes.  In fact, these faxes are often sent in
the middle of the night, thereby disturbing individuals who have a fax machine
at home.
As a result of the JFPA, many businesses probably will remove their fax
number from their Internet sites to avoid junk faxes.  This represents another
cost--individuals will have to call companies and obtain the fax number
before sending business communications. Even the law firm that represents the Fax Ban Coalition (a group of companies
that lobbied for the JFPA), Covington & Burling, has sued under the
TCPA because it received over 1,000 junk faxes in a day from Fax.com.  The
firm obtained a $2.2 million judgment in the case.[4]
Finally, we encourage the Commission to review the docket in CG 02-278,
as there are many comments discussing the costs of junk faxing. If the Commission adopts any such limits on the EBR, the Commission also
asks commenters to describe the costs to senders of demonstrating the existence
of an EBR that is limited in duration. Would these costs be overly burdensome,
particularly for small businesses? We believe that much of the junk fax problem can be attributed to small
businesses.  Many of Fax.com's clients were small businesses that promoted
various products, such as grandfather clocks and vacations.  Any analysis
of costs to businesses, both small and large, should be weighed against
the harms caused to consumers by this form of advertising.
Notice of Opt-Out Opportunity … the Commission seeks comment on whether it is necessary to set forth
in our rules under what circumstances a notice will be considered ``clear
and conspicuous.'' If so, the Commission asks commenters to describe those
circumstances under which a notice should be considered ``clear and conspicuous.''
It is necessary to specify the elements of a "clear and conspicuous"
disclosure.  Otherwise, the notice will be printed in a way so that consumers
are less likely to see it.  Companies actually perform market research to
determine how to write notices that consumers will not read.[5]
The experience in the implementation of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (the
law that requires privacy notices from financial institutions) should be
instructive here--the notices were difficult to understand and read, precisely
because the financial institutions had an economic incentive to frustrate
the opt out process. In the context of faxes, there are many ways in which a sender can frustrate
notice and opt out opportunities.  For instance, the sender could place
the notice at the very bottom of the advertisement; if it is cut off by
the machine, the sender could then blame transmission error.  The notice
could be printed in a gray font or other color that the fax machine cannot
detect.  The notice could be printed in a font size too small to be rendered
by the fax machine.
We think that a "clear and conspicuous" notice would 1) appear
at the top of the message, 2) be sent on a standard-size 8.5 x 11"
format advertisement (to reduce risk that the recipient's machine would
truncate or "cut off" the message), 3) be printed in black font,
4) be printed in English, 5) be enclosed in a "box" or other design
element so that it is separate from the advertising copy, 6) be printed
at a font size no smaller than 12 point, 7) identify that it is being sent
pursuant to an EBR, 8) identify the company asserting the EBR, and 9) identify
the fax broadcaster, if different than the company with the EBR. As directed by Congress, the Commission also seeks comment on the ``shortest
reasonable time'' within which a sender of unsolicited facsimile advertisements
must comply with a request not to receive future facsimile advertisements
from the sender. The Commission notes that the Commission's rules require
that persons or entities making calls for telemarketing purposes must honor
a do-not-call request within a reasonable time. The Commission's rules provide
that this reasonable period ``may not exceed thirty days from the date of
such request.'' The Commission seeks comment on whether this 30-day limitation
is the shortest reasonable period in which to expect senders of unsolicited
facsimile advertisements to honor a do-not-fax request. If not, the
Commission seeks empirical evidence from commenters to support proposals
for longer or shorter periods. With modern sales contact and fax transmission software, senders should
be able to comply with requests to opt out from the EBR in less than 5 days. In any case, as technology enables greater efficiency, the time limit for
an EBR opt out should shorten.  30 days may be reasonable at a time where
fax numbers were being programmed into actual machines and sent manually.
Today, sophisticated software manages the collection of information, maintenance
of contact data, and the actual transmission of the messages.  There are
automated systems that can collect opt out requests and feed a suppression
list into the transmission software.  There is no reason why this software
could not accommodate a much shorter time period to opt out. We encourage the Commission to investigate the time it takes for a fax
broadcast company to initiate a new advertising campaign.  Request for opting
out should take no longer than the time necessary to initiate a new advertising
campaign.
As provided by the Junk Fax Prevention Act, the Commission also
seeks comment on whether to exempt certain classes of small business senders
from the requirement to provide a cost-free mechanism for a recipient to
transmit a request not to receive future facsimile advertisements. Operating a cost-free mechanism to accommodate opt-out requests should
be a cost of doing business in the fax advertising field.  Costs of maintaining
a toll-free number are declining, especially with the advent of VOIP services.
Furthermore, the teleservices industry frequently creates compliance technologies,
and the costs of these technologies decline as more businesses use them. Again, small businesses should not be able to engage in cost-shifted advertising
and then impose more costs on recipients by making them call a long distance
number to opt out. Placing the cost on the sender gives the sender an economic incentive to
actually answer the phone and honor opt out requests.  If the recipient
must call a long distance number, there is little incentive to answer and
promptly process the opt out request.     In addition, the Commission seeks comment on whether the Commission
needs to enumerate specific ``cost-free'' mechanisms for a recipient to
transmit a do-not-fax request, and, if so, the Commission seeks comment
on what those specific mechanisms should be. For instance, should the provision
of a toll-free telephone number, website, or email address for receiving
do-not-fax requests, comply with this requirement? Should a local telephone
number be considered a ``cost-free'' mechanism if the unsolicited facsimile
advertisements are sent only to local consumers?
To accommodate digital divide issues, the Commission should require a cost-free
mechanism that can be employed by phone or fax.  Many Americans do not have
Internet access, and so at a minimum, a telephone-based mechanism should
be supplied.  Additionally, requiring individuals to provide an e-mail address
for opting out presents a new risk: that their address will be used for
spam. There should be reliability guarantees in the operation of the opt out
mechanism.  That is, the FCC should specify that the opt out mechanism must
operate reliably.  Furthermore, the Commission should spot check compliance
with keeping the mechanism operational and functioning. Request to Opt-Out of Future Unsolicited Advertisements The Commission seeks comment on whether the Commission's rules should
reflect that a do-not-fax request terminates the EBR exemption with the
sender of the facsimile even if the recipient continues to do business with
the sender.
The do-not-fax request should terminate the EBR even if the recipient continues
to do business with the sender.  There are many examples of relationships
where consumers continue to do business with a company but limit that company's
marketing channels.  Individuals should be able to continue to use a business
without causing more junk faxes to be sent. The Commission seeks comment on whether to specify that if the sender
of the facsimile advertisement is a third party agent or fax broadcaster
that any do-not-fax request sent to that sender will extend to the underlying
business on whose behalf the fax is transmitted.
In light of the recent Fax.com and American Blast Fax cases, we think the
Commission should take aggressive action against fax broadcasters.  Faxes
sent by broadcasters should identify the broadcaster and the underlying
businesses.  Furthermore, one should be able to out from the underlying
businesses' marketing, and all marketing performed by the broadcaster. Respectfully Submitted, /s/ Chris Hoofnagle
Attorney for the Electronic Privacy Information Center
West Coast Office
944 Market St. #709
San Francisco, CA 94102
415-981-6400
January 18, 2006
[1]  Rules and Regulations Implementing the Telephone
Consumer Protection Act of 1991, 70 Fed. Reg. 75102 (Dec. 19, 2005).
[2] Christina Binkley, Numbers Game, Taking Retailers'
Cues, Harrah's Taps Into Science of Gambling, Wall Street Journal, Nov.
22, 2004, available at http://online.wsj.com/article/0,,SB110107789091980299,00.html.
[3] Comments of Robert Biggerstaff, Docket 05-338, filed
Jan. 9, 2006, available at http://gullfoss2.fcc.gov/prod/ecfs/retrieve.cgi?native_or_pdf=pdf&id_document=6518307829.
[4] Lisa Napoli, Crusaders Against Junk Faxes Brandish
Lawsuits, The New York Times, Dec. 16, 2003, p C1
[5] Ting v. AT&T, 182 F. Supp. 2d 902 (2002),
defendant phone company commissioned research to design notices so that
consumers would not read them).
EPIC Privacy Page | EPIC
Home Page
Last Updated:
January 18, 2006
Page URL: http://www.epic.org/privacy/telemarketing/jfpacom11806.html