http://www.datamaxtexas.com/privacy
Relevant Technology • Raving Results®
Our Locations  |  800.633.1526800.633.1526  |  Client Login
OfficeEquipment
Products
Multifunction Copiers
Production Printers
Single Function Printers
Wide Format Printers
Temperature Screening Kiosk
Services
Print / Workflow Assessments
Support Agreements
ImageCare
Service Metrics
ConnectCare
LeaseCare
PrintManagement
Solutions
Rules-Based Printing
Print Accounting
Secure Print
Mobile Printing
Services
Print Assessments
Managed Print Services
PrintCare
PrintView
DocumentManagement
Solutions
Document Workflow
Document Capture / Imaging
Document Security
Enterprise Content Management
Services
Workflow Assessments
Project Management
DocCare
NetworkManagement
Solutions
Support Desk
Data Protection
Network Security
Remote Monitoring
Services
Technology Assessments
Managed Network Services
IT Consulting
TechCare
CloudCare
IP PhoneSystems
Solutions
Unified Communications
Services
CommCare
About
Creating Raving Fans
Testimonials
Client Referral Program
Industries We Serve
Architecture
Churches
Education
Energy
Financial
Government
Healthcare
Hospitality
Insurance
Legal
Manufacturing
Non-Profit
Real Estate
Transportation
Resources
Videos
eBooks
TechCare University
Events
Leadership
Locations
Community
Environment
Accolades
Alliances
Careers
Current Openings
Newsroom
Blog
Datamax Thinking Blog
You Ask, We Answer Blog
Contact
Support
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Welcome to the Datamax Inc. website “Site." This Privacy Policy has been created by Datamax Inc. in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to data protection and privacy in connection with this Site and Datamax Inc. email correspondence. By accessing and browsing this Site, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy. The following describes Datamax Inc.’s information gathering and dissemination practices for this Site:
Collection and Use
This Site collects data through forms that allow you to request information about Datamax Inc. and its services. For this purpose, we request and collect your contact information, such as name, email address and telephone number. Forms also allow you to provide other information as you may desire to provide, such as additional contact information and business alliance-related data.Data submitted to this Site will not be shared or sold to any third parties without your permission, except as stated above or as necessary for Datamax Inc. to provide this Site and its services. We reserve the right to disclose information submitted by or concerning any user of this Site as required by law or when we reasonably feel such disclosure is necessary to protect our systems, our business or the rights of others. In the unlikely event that Datamax Inc. or substantially all of its assets are acquired, personal information about our visitors may be one of the transferred assets.Datamax Inc. may use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, administer our Site, analyze trends, track user movement and use, and gather broad demographic information. One way we gather this information is through the use of cookies. Cookies are small computer files stored on your computer's hard drive which save and retrieve information about your visit to this Site. If you are uncomfortable regarding the use of cookies, please keep in mind you can disable cookies on your computer by changing the settings in the preferences or options menu in your browser. However, if you choose to disable cookies, you may not be able to access certain areas of this Site.Resumes received by Datamax Inc. will be held in confidence and used only for the purpose of considering the submitting party for employment. Resume information is not shared with outside parties unless specifically requested and authorized by the submitting party.In the event data is to be used for purposes not described herein, those purposes will be communicated prominently on this Site or at the point the information is collected.
Information Collected by Third Parties
This Site contains links to other third party sites whose practices may be different than ours. You acknowledge that we do not monitor or control the information collection or privacy practices of any third parties, and that we are not responsible for their practices or the content of their sites, including their use of any information collected about you through such sites. Even though certain information collected by such third parties might not identify you personally, we strongly encourage you to become familiar with their privacy practices, and to contact such third parties if you have any questions about their respective privacy policies.
Security and Enforcement
Datamax Inc. uses reasonable security methods to protect the data that resides on our servers. However, no security system can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. While we strive to protect your personal information, Datamax Inc. cannot guarantee or warrant the security of our servers, nor can we guarantee that information you supply will not be intercepted while being transmitted over the Internet.Datamax Inc. employees who have access to customer data are required to comply with this Privacy Policy. Any employee who violates our privacy practices is subject to disciplinary action, including termination of employment.
Opt-Out
Datamax Inc. honors your preferences regarding how you want us to communicate with you. Recipients of "corporately-sponsored" email correspondence may opt-out of receiving further messages by following the opt-out link located within these emails. Recipients not only have the ability to opt-out of a particular communication type, but they can also manage their email preferences for other types of corporately-sponsored Datamax Inc. email correspondence as well. "General" email correspondences are not governed by this policy.
Notification of Changes
Datamax Inc. reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time and for any reason. Changes to this Privacy Policy that may impact Datamax Inc.’ privacy practices will be prominently posted on this Site. By continuing to use this Site after any changes are posted, you acknowledge your acceptance of such changes. In no event will changes to this policy apply with respect to data previously collected through this Site. If at any point Datamax Inc. decides to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that which was stated at the time it was collected, we will notify you by email, and you will be given a choice to have your personally identifiable information excluded from such use.
Terms of Use
Your access to and use of this Site is subject to the following terms and conditions “Terms of Use” and all applicable laws. By accessing and using this Site, you accept the following terms and conditions, without limitation or qualification.
Site Contents
All materials, including all images, illustrations, designs, icons, photographs, video clips, text, software and other materials that are part of this Site (collectively, the “Contents”) are owned exclusively by Datamax Inc. and/or its content providers and are protected by United States and international law. The Site as a whole, including the “look and feel,” compilation and arrangement of the Contents and trade dress, is owned exclusively by Datamax Inc. and is protected by United States and international law. Datamax®, Creating Raving Fans®, Relevant Technology. Raving Results®, goVertical®, MaxCare®, TechCare®, CloudCare®, and other Datamax Inc. marks, logos and designs appearing on this Site are the exclusive trademarks and service marks of Datamax Inc. All other trademarks and service marks appearing on this Site not owned by Datamax Inc. are the property of their respective owners. You may not use any such marks for any purpose without the express prior written permission of the owner.
Use of Site; Restrictions
This Site and its Contents may be used solely for your own personal, non-commercial use. You may view and print a copy of the Contents displayed on the Site, and download a copy of any Contents specifically designated for downloading from this Site, for your personal use only; provided, however, that you may not alter any such Contents in any way, including, but not limited to, removal or modification of any copyright or other proprietary notices affixed thereto. No right, title or interest in any such materials, software or other Contents is transferred to you as a result of any such downloading or copying. You may not reproduce (except as noted above), duplicate, publish, frame, transmit, distribute, display, modify, create derivative works from, sell, license or participate in any of the foregoing or exploit in any way, in whole or in part, any of the Contents, the Site or any related software. Use of spiders, robots and similar data gathering and extraction tools is expressly prohibited. Links to this Site should not be made without the express prior written permission of Datamax Inc. Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved.
No Creation of Services Relationship
The information provided on this Site is free of charge and for informational purposes only and does not create a business or professional services relationship between you and Datamax Inc.
Accuracy of Information
While Datamax Inc. uses reasonable efforts to furnish accurate and up-to-date information, Datamax Inc. does not warrant that any information contained in this Site is accurate, complete, reliable, current or error-free. Datamax Inc. assumes no liability or responsibility for any errors or omissions in this Site. Datamax Inc. expressly disclaims any duty to update or revise the Contents of this Site, although Datamax Inc. may modify the Contents at any time without notice. Any use you make of the information provided on this Site is entirely at your own risk.
Links to Third Party Sites
Links on this Site may lead to services or sites not controlled or operated by Datamax Inc. Datamax Inc. provides these links solely for the convenience and information of its Site users. No judgment or warranty is made with respect to such other services or sites, and Datamax Inc. assumes no responsibility or liability for such other sites or services or the parties that operate them. A link to another site or service is not necessarily an endorsement of that site or service. You should carefully review their privacy statements and other conditions of use. Any use you make of any site or service linked to by this Site is entirely at your own risk.
Disclaimer of Warranties; Limitations of Liability
THIS SITE AND ITS CONTENTS ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE,” AND Datamax Inc. MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND WITH RESPECT TO THIS SITE OR ANY SITE OR SERVICE ACCESSIBLE THROUGH THIS SITE. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, Datamax Inc. EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT WILL Datamax Inc. BE LIABLE TO ANY PARTY FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR OTHER DAMAGES OF ANY KIND (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, LOST PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF PROGRAMS OR DATA) ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS SITE, ANY CONTENT ON OR ACCESSED THROUGH THIS SITE, ANY SITE OR SERVICE LINKED TO THIS SITE, OR ANY COPYING, DISPLAY OR USE THEREOF, EVEN IF Datamax Inc. HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. THE FOREGOING DISCLAIMERS AND LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY SHALL APPLY WITHOUT REGARD TO THE FORM OF ACTION AND WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE. CERTAIN STATE LAWS DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN DAMAGES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY TO YOU, SOME OR ALL OF THE ABOVE DISCLAIMERS, EXCLUSIONS OR LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY, AND YOU MIGHT HAVE ADDITIONAL RIGHTS.
Feedback and Other Suggestions
All feedback, ideas and other suggestions submitted by you through this Site shall be deemed non-confidential and non-proprietary, and Datamax Inc. shall be entitled to the unrestricted use and disclosure of such submissions throughout the world for any purpose whatsoever, commercial or otherwise, without any obligation to compensate you for such use and/or disclosure. You represent that you have the lawful right to submit such information and agree that you will not submit any information unless you are legally entitled to do so. Because of the open nature of the Internet, we recommend that you not submit information you consider confidential or proprietary.
Applicable Laws; Exclusive Jurisdiction
This Site and the Contents hereof are displayed solely for the purpose of promoting Datamax Inc.’s services available in the State of Texas. This Site is controlled and operated by Datamax Inc. from its offices in Coppell, Texas, USA. Datamax Inc. makes no representation that this Site or any content on or accessed through this Site is appropriate or available for use in locations other than the United States of America. You are responsible for complying with the laws of the jurisdiction from which you are accessing this Site, and you agree that you will not access or use the information on this Site in violation of such laws. These Terms of Use and your use of this Site shall be governed by the laws of the State of Texas, USA, without regard to any conflict of law provisions. Subject to the dispute resolution procedures set forth below, any dispute arising out of or relating to these Terms of Use or your access to or use of this Site shall be resolved exclusively by the state and/or federal courts located in Dallas, Texas, USA, and you expressly consent to the exclusive personal jurisdiction of such courts.
Dispute Resolution
Any controversy or claim arising out of or relating to these Terms of Use or breach hereof, or otherwise relating to this Site (with the exception of injunctive relief sought by Datamax Inc. for any violation of Datamax Inc.’s proprietary rights), shall be settled by arbitration in accordance with the then-current rules of the American Arbitration Association. Before entering into arbitration, the parties shall each appoint an arbitrator, and these two arbitrators shall select a third arbitrator to be a member of the panel. Should the two arbitrators not be able to agree on a choice of the third, then the American Arbitration Association shall make the appointment of a person who is neutral to the parties. None of the arbitrators shall be officers or employees of the parties. Such arbitrators shall be experts in the computer/information technology field. The cost of arbitration, including fees per arbitrator, shall be borne equally by the parties. The location of arbitration shall be Dallas, Texas, USA. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, no such arbitration shall be joined to an arbitration involving any other party subject to these Terms of Use, whether through class arbitration proceedings or otherwise.
Termination or Suspension of Access
Datamax Inc. reserves the right to terminate, suspend or otherwise restrict your access to this Site, or any portion hereof at any time for any reason whatsoever including, but not limited to, your violation of these Terms of Use or any inappropriate or unlawful behavior on your part.
Modifications
Datamax Inc. reserves the right to modify these Terms of Use at any time for any reason upon posting. By continuing to use this Site after any changes are posted, you acknowledge your acceptance of such revised Terms of Use.
Miscellaneous
If there is a determination that any provision of these Terms of Use is invalid or unenforceable, that determination will not affect the rest of these Terms of Use, and these Terms of Use shall be deemed amended to the minimum extent necessary to make them valid and enforceable. The failure of Datamax Inc. to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms of Use shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. Regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action arising out of or related to use of this Site or under these Terms of Use must be filed within one (1) year after such claim or cause of action arose or be forever barred. The section titles in these Terms of Use are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect.
Contact
In the event of any questions or concerns relating to this Site or our privacy practices, please email:
Robert CaldwellDatamax Inc.Vice President, Marketing
Need Support?
Request Service
Request IT Support
Request Toner (Contract)
Order Toner / Supplies
Submit Meter Readings
Request Training
Request Sales Support
Download Drivers
Toner Recycling Programs
E-Info ClientCONNECT Login
TechCare University Login
East Texas Remote IT Support
Need Information?
Leasing office equipment
Purchasing Canon copiers
Managing my network
Managing my fleet of laser printers
Outsourcing my IT
Managing my paper documents
Streamlining my workflow
Developing a technology plan
Improving service responsiveness
Obtaining an IT Risk Assessment
Datamax Copier Dealers Near Me
Discover e-Info Customer Portal
From Our Blog
CAREERS @ DATAMAX
Contact
Datamax Inc. (Dallas/Fort Worth)800 Freeport Parkway, Suite 400 Coppell, TX 75019Toll Free: 800.633.1526 (Contact)
Datamax Inc. (Tyler, Longview, Lufkin)4545 Old Jacksonville HighwayTyler, TX 75703Toll Free: 800.986.4782 (Contact)
Datamax Inc. (Sulphur Springs)1321 Shannon Road East Sulphur Springs, TX 75482Toll Free: 800.934.2492 (Contact)
WEBSITE SECURITY | PRIVACY | SITEMAP | BBB