http://www.webexpenses.com/us/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Login
APAC Login
Book a demo
Privacy Policy
Key Details
This website privacy policy describes how Signifo Limited (trading as webexpenses and webonboarding) protects and makes use of the information you give the company when you use this website.
If you are asked to provide information when using this website, it will only be used in the ways described in this privacy policy. Once you choose to provide us with personal data, you can be assured that it will only be used to support our customer relationship. We are registered as a data controller with the Information Commissioner’s Office. Our registration number is Z5102581.
The policy is updated from time to time. The latest version is published on this page.
The website privacy policy was updated on 5th March 2019.
If you have any questions about this policy, please email contact@webexpenses.co.uk or contact.us@webonboarding.com
Introduction
We gather and use certain information about individuals in order to provide products and services and to enable certain functions on this website.
We also collect information to better understand how visitors use this website and to present timely, relevant information to them.
What data we gather
We may collect the following information:
First Name, Last Name and Job Title
Contact information including email address and business contact number
Your enquiry/message
Demographic information, such as country or location
Website usage data
Other information relevant to client enquiries
Other information pertaining to special offers and surveys
Google Analytics
IP address (this also helps us block repeated spam)
Google Analytics Data
Google Analytics stores information about:
the pages you visit on the website
how long you spend on each website page
what you click on while you’re visiting the site
We don’t collect or store your personal information (for example your name or address) unless you have actively passed it on to us, so this information can’t be used to identify who you are.
You can read Google’s terms and privacy for more information.
How we store your data
When you consent by filling in the enquiry form or passing your details to one of our online agents, your data is stored on the website’s database and the company’s CRM system.
How we use this data
We use this data to contact you about your enquiry.
In general, we use the information we collect to provide and administer the services we offer. More specifically, we might use the information we collect to:
Provide you with information on the services and products you have requested
Send you communications regarding our relationship and transactions or notifications of activity through different channels, such as email.
Notify you about new features, products, and special events
Provide you with newsletters or marketing communications about our products and services as well as third party products and services we think may be of interest to you.
Legal Basis for Processing (EEA Individuals Only)
In line with GDPR requirements, if visitors to our site are from the European Economic Area (“EEA”), Our legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described above will be legitimate interest.
We will normally collect personal information where we have obtained consent to do so.
Information We Share
We may share and disclose visitors’ personal information to third parties in the following circumstances
To vendors and other third-party service providers who require access to Visitors’ personal information to assist in the provision of the website, our products and Services, and other business-related functions such as website analytics providers or Our third-party advertising partners. These vendors and third-party service providers are limited to only accessing or using this data to provide services to Us and must provide reasonable assurances they will appropriately safeguard the data.
We may also disclose Visitors’ information to third-parties: (a) where required by law or regulatory requirement, court order or other judicial authorization, (b) in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including for the purposes of meeting national security and law enforcement requirements; (c) in connection with the sale, transfer, merger, bankruptcy, restructuring or other reorganization of a business; (d) to protect or defend Our rights, interests or property, or that of third parties; (e) to investigate any wrongdoing in connection with the Website or Our Services; or (f) to protect the vital interests of an individual.
With direct, explicit consent.
Third party Sites
Our Website may contain links to other websites which are outside our direct control. We try to link only to websites and Third Parties that share our standards for privacy and comply with the guidance in the GDPR.
We are not responsible for the content, security or privacy practices employed by other websites. If Visitors access other websites using the links provided, the operators of these websites may collect information which may be used by them in accordance with their privacy policy.
In some areas of our site such as our blog, third parties may provide applications or plug-ins which may track use of content, applications or plug-ins, or may customise content, applications and plug-ins for visitors.
Newsletters and Marketing Communications
You will need to opt in in order to receive marketing communications from us, including our monthly newsletter.
Unless you have opted in, we will not add you to our mailing list.
We will never lease, distribute or sell your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission, or the law requires us to. We will also provide you with an opportunity to let us know if you do not wish your information to be passed to third parties.
Any personal information we hold about you is stored and processed under our data protection policy, in line with the Data Protection Act 1998 and the General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR) from 25th May 2018
You have the “Right to be forgotten” under GDPR regulations unless there are overriding legitimate grounds for us keeping the data (e.g. billing/client statistics)
Security
We always hold your information securely.
To prevent unauthorised disclosure or access to your information we have implemented security safeguards.
We also follow stringent procedures to ensure we work with all personal data in line with the Data Protection Act 1998 and the General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR) from 25th May 2018
Data Breaches
We will report any unlawful data breach of this website’s database or the database(s) of any of our third party data processors to any and all relevant persons and authorities within 72 hours of the breach if it is apparent that personal data stored in an identifiable manner has been stolen. We will promptly investigate and report outcomes of all allegations of unauthorised access to or use of the personal data.
Right to be Forgotten
At any time, you can email us at contact@webexpenses.co.uk or contact.us@webonboarding.com and request to be removed from our database. You can also email gdpr@webexpenses.com to review or remove your data at any time.
CookiesWe use our own and third-party cookies to improve your experience and our services. By continuing to use the website we understand that you accept their use. Click here for more information on our Cookies Policy. Click here for more information on our Cookies Policy.Okay