https://www.primera.com/privacy-policy/
OK
Test Message
Home
Privacy Policy | Primera Technology, Inc.
Orders placed after 2:00 pm (CST, -6 GMT) will ship the next business day.
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting this Site, which is owned and operated by Primera Technology, Inc. Please take a few minutes to review this Policy. It governs your use of any Primera-owned website on which it is posted.
Table of Contents
Your Consent to this PolicyThis Policy is Part of Our Terms of UseTypes of Information We CollectCookie DeclarationThird-Party TrackingYour California Privacy RightsPrimera International ComplianceHow We Use Information Collected Through Our SitesYour ChoicesHow to Access, Update or Correct Your Personal InformationSteps We Take to Safeguard your Personal InformationHow We Share Your Personal Information With OthersChildren Under the Age of ThirteenLinks to Other SitesInformation for Visitors Accessing this Site from Outside the United StatesPrivacy NoticesThis Policy May ChangeDefinitionsContact us
Effective Date
March 18, 2020
Your Consent to this Policy
By using this Site, you are consenting to the collection, use, and disclosure of information, including your Personal Information, as set forth in this Policy. If you do not agree to be bound by this Policy, you may not access or use this Site.
This Policy is Part of Our Terms of Use
This Policy is part of the Terms of Use that govern your use of this Site. We typically provide a link to our Terms of Use in the universal footer of this Site.
Types of Information We Collect
Information You Manually Provide. Primera collects the Personal Information you knowingly and manually provide when you use this Site. The type of Personal Information we collect varies depending upon how you use this Site. For example, if you register your product, register as a developer, contact us with questions, or make a purchase on our Site, we may ask you to provide your name, email address, and other Personal Information. Likewise, if you use the live chat functionality that may be available on this Site, we collect the information you submit during the chat.
Information Sent to Us by Your Web Browser. We collect information that is sent to us automatically by your web browser. This information typically includes your IP address, the identity of your Internet service provider, the name and version of your operating system, the name and version of your browser, the date and time of your visit, and the pages on this Site that you visit. Please check your browser if you want to learn what information your browser sends or how to change your settings.
IP Addresses. Your IP address is the identifier assigned to your particular computer when you access the Internet. IP addresses do not include your name, email address or other Personal Information, but in some cases, they can be used to identify you. For example, we may link your IP address to your account information. We may also use your IP address in connection with other information gathered both through this Site and elsewhere in an attempt to personally identify you. If we suspect inappropriate or criminal activity or a threat to this Site or its users, we may share our server logs—which contain users' IP addresses—with the appropriate investigative authorities, who could use that information to trace and identify individuals.
Information from Your Mobile Device. Likewise, if you access this Site through your mobile device, we may automatically collect certain information from or about your device. The types of information we may collect include the type of device you use, your device's unique ID, the IP address of your device, your device's operating system, the type of mobile Internet browsers you use, and information about the way you use our mobile or tablet application.
Cookies and Similar Technologies. Most websites use cookies and/or similar technologies to place information about a user's visit to that website in a small data text file that is stored on the user's computer. In general, we use cookies and other web technologies to:
collect information about the ways visitors use our Sites—which pages they visit, which links they use, and how long they stay on each page;
support the features and functionality of our Sites—for example, to save you the trouble of reentering information already in our database or to prompt the settings you established on previous visits; and
personalize your experience when you use our Sites; and
improve our marketing efforts, including through use of targeted advertising.
If you do not wish to receive cookies, you may be able to set the browser of your computer to reject cookies or to alert you when a cookie is delivered. You may also be able to delete our cookies as soon as you leave this Site. Although you are not required to accept our cookies when you visit this Site, if you set your browser to reject cookies, you may not be able to use all of the features and functionality of this Site.
Cookie Declaration
This website uses cookies. We use cookies to personalize content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners who may combine it with other information that you’ve provided to them or that they’ve collected from your use of their services. You are consenting to our cookies and are agreeing to our privacy statement if you continue to use our website.
Cookies are small text files that can be used by websites to make a user's experience more efficient. The law states that we can store cookies on your device if they are strictly necessary for the operation of this site. For all other types of cookies we need your permission. This site uses different types of cookies. Some cookies are placed by third party services that appear on our pages. You can at any time change or withdraw your consent from the Cookie Declaration on our website. View our cookie declartion here.
Third-Party Tracking
In addition to the cookies Primera delivers to your computer through this Site, certain third parties may track your online activities using cookies or similar technologies a variety of reasons. For example, we use Google Analytics, a web analytics tool that helps us understand how visitors engage with our Sites. To learn more about Google Analytics, click here.
Other third parties may track your online behaviors across nonaffiliated websites for the purpose of delivering targeted advertisements either on this Site or on other websites. For example, we use the Twitter website tag on our Sites, which collects user data for the purpose of serving targeted ads and tracking the rate at which an advertisement results in a purchase or other user action.
You have choices about the collection of information by third parties on this Site. For example, if you don't want information about your visit to this Site sent to Google Analytics, you may download an Opt-out Browser Add-on by clicking here. Please note that the Add-on does not prevent information from being sent to Primera. Likewise, if you do not want Twitter to match your account to information shared by its ad partners to tailor ads for you, you can uncheck the box next to "Promoted content" in your Twitter account settings at any time.
To opt out of having interest-based information collected about you in a more global, rather than piecemeal, manner, please click here. You will be directed to an industry-developed website that contains mechanisms for choosing whether each listed entity may collect and use data for online behavioral advertising purposes. It may be that some of the third parties that collect interest-based information on this Site do not participate in the industry-developed opt-out website, in which case the best way to avoid third-party tracking of your online behaviors may be through your browser settings and deletion of cookies.
If you make a purchase on our Site, you may receive automated emails such as the status of your order or a request to provide a review. The review email in particular is generated through a third party vendor called Trustpilot. This is a link to the Trustpilot privacy statement that explains the information they collect when you register to post a review. International purchases are facilitated by Flow Commerce Inc. This is a link to Flow's Privacy Policy. You may unsubscribe from receiving these emails at the bottom of the email or by contacting Primera and asking to be removed.
Your California Privacy Rights
Under the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”), California residents have the following data privacy rights:
Right to know what personal information is collected, used, shared or sold: You have the right to request a list of the categories of your personal information we have collected and used within the last 12 months. You are also entitled to receive a) information identifying all third-party companies to whom Primera may have disclosed, within the last 12 months, personal information pertaining to you and your family; and b) a description of the categories of personal information disclosed. You can also find a list of the categories of information we collect and disclose about you elsewhere in our privacy policy. To request a list of the information we collect about you, send an email to privacy@primera.com.
Once the request has been received, you may be asked to provide additional personal information for verification purposes before your request can be accommodated.
Right to request deletion of personal information: You have the right to request that we delete any personal information we have collected about you provided we do not need to retain the information for legitimate business or legal reasons. To request that your information be deleted from our system, please send an email with your request to privacy@primera.com.
Once the request has been received, you may be asked to provide additional identifying information for verification purposes before your request can be accommodated.
Right to opt-out of the sale of personal information: Primera does not sell information that directly identifies you, like your name, address,
banking information or phone records. In fact, we don’t even share that type of information except with service providers who can use that information solely to provide a service on our behalf, when a consumer directs us to share the information , or in the limited additional circumstances outlined in our Privacy Policy (such as for fraud prevention purposes or where we are legally required to share information).
However, the CCPA’s broad definitions of “sale” and “personal information” may deem the common flow of information regarding digital analytics and advertising platforms to be a sale. You can request to opt-out of the sale of your personal information to an outside party by visiting our DO NOT SELL MY PERSONAL INFORMATION page. For purposes of this privacy policy, “sell” means the sale, rental, release, disclosure, dissemination, availability, transfer, or other oral, written, or electronic communication of your personal information to an outside party for monetary or other valuable consideration, subject to certain exceptions in applicable law. We may also use cookies and related technology which could constitute a sale of your personal information. For more information and to opt-out of such technologies, please go here.
Your opt-out of cookie-based tracking for advertising purposes is specific to the device, website, and browser you are using, and is deleted whenever you clear your browser’s cache.
As is the case for all consumers regardless of residency, we will not discriminate against you because you exercised any of these rights. Note that for purposes of these rights, personal information does not include information about job applicants, employees and other of our personnel; information about employees and other representatives of third-party entities we may interact with; or information we have collected as a service provider to our clients.
Right to non-discrimination in terms of price or service when a consumer exercises a privacy right under CCPA: Primera respects and values the privacy rights of our consumers, and we do not discriminate against customers who exercise their privacy rights under California law or any other law.
Authorized Agent: As a California consumer, you have the right to have someone else make requests for you under the CCPA.
Primera International Compliance
We may process, transfer and store your information in the United States and in other locations outside of the European Economic Area. Any transfer of your data to the United States or another location outside the European Economic Area will be in compliance with applicable European data protection laws. In order to safeguard data transfers to other recipients located outside of the European Economic Area and in order to grant sufficient protection of your Personal Data in this context, we use standard data protection clauses adopted by the European Commission according to Art. 46 (2)(c) GDPR. You can find out more about those by contacting us at Primera’s Privacy Team, 2 Carlson Parkway North, Suite 375, Plymouth, Minnesota, USA 55447. Or, email to: privacy@primera.com. International purchases are facilitated by Flow Commerce Inc. This is a link to Flow's Privacy Policy.
How We Use Information Collected Through Our Sites
Generally, we use the information we collect through this Site:
to provide the information, products and services you request;
to provide you with effective customer service;
to provide you with a personalized experience when you use this Site;
to contact you with information and notices related to your use of this Site;
to contact you with special offers and other information we believe will be of interest to you (in accordance with any privacy preferences you have expressed to us);
to invite you to participate in surveys and provide Feedback to us (in accordance with any privacy preferences you have expressed to us);
to improve the Content, functionality and usability of this Site;
to better understand your needs and interests;
to improve our products and services;
to improve our marketing and promotional efforts;
for security, credit or fraud prevention purposes; and
for any other purpose identified in an applicable privacy notice, click-through agreement or other agreement between you and us.Please see below for information about the choices you have about the ways we use your Personal Information.
Your Choices
In General. We respect your right to make choices about the ways we collect, use, and disclose your information. This Policy describes some of your choices, such as your choice to opt out of receiving "cookies." We may ask you to indicate your choices at the time and on the page where you provide your information. For example, when you register with this Site, we will give you an opportunity to opt out of receiving promotional email communications.
Do Not Track Mechanisms. Your browser may deliver a "Do-Not-Track ('DNT') signal" to this Site. Because of the changing state of technology and indecision within the industry regarding the meaning of DNT signals, Primera currently does not make any guarantee that we will honor DNT signals. However, some of our advertising partners (such as Twitter) may support DNT signals. You may also be able to restrict targeted advertising through a "Limit Ad Tracking" setting (on iOS devices) or a setting to "Opt out of Interest-Based Ads" (on Android).
Previously Expressed Preferences. You may change previously expressed preferences regarding how we use your information. For example, you can always stop receiving promotional emails by selecting "unsubscribe" located at the bottom of such emails. You may be able to change other previously expressed preferences through your account settings. Otherwise, please contact us. Please give us a reasonable amount of time to honor your request.
How to Access, Update or Correct Your Personal Information
If you have an account on this Site, you may also be able to access, update or correct the Personal Information you have submitted to us through your account. If you are unclear as to how to access, update or correct your Personal Information, please contact us. We will respond to you within a reasonable time and, in any case, within the time limits established by applicable law. We may ask you for additional information to verify your identity. In most cases, we will provide access and correct or delete any inaccurate information you discover. In some cases, however, we may limit or deny your request if the law permits or requires us to do so or if we are unable to verify your identity.
Steps We Take to Safeguard your Personal Information
We maintain reasonable administrative, physical and technological measures to protect the confidentiality and security of Personal Information you submit on or through this Site. For example, when collecting credit card information for online purchases, we offer secured-service transactions that encrypt your information in transit to thwart others from intercepting or misusing it. Unfortunately, no website, mobile or tablet application, server, or database is completely secure or "hacker proof." We therefore cannot guarantee that your Personal Information will not be disclosed, misused or lost by accident or by the unauthorized acts of others.
How We Share Your Personal Information With Others
Third–Party Service Providers. Primera shares Personal Information collected through this Site with third-party service providers who act for or on behalf of Primera. For example, we may use third-party vendors to design, operate, and/or host this Site, to conduct surveys, and to help us with our promotional efforts. These third parties may need information about you to perform their functions. Typically, third-party service providers who receive Personal Information are bound by contract to use it only on our behalf.
User-Generated Content. The User-Generated Content you submit on or through this Site is available to others who visit this Site. Any Personal Information contained in User-Generated Content you submit can be read, collected, or used by others, and could be used to send you unsolicited messages. In addition, we may use User-Generated Content you submit on or through this Site for advertising campaigns and other promotions. We may or may not use your name in connection with such use, and we may or may not seek your consent before using the User-Generated Content for such purposes. Therefore, you should have no expectation of privacy with respect to User-Generated Content you submit on or through this Site. You should not submit any User-Generated Content you do not wish to make available to the general public, and you must take special care to make sure your submissions comply with our Terms of Use. In particular, your submissions must not violate the privacy or other rights of others.Business Partners. From time to time, we may share your Personal Information directly with selected third parties for their own marketing purposes. Before doing so, however, we may offer you the opportunity to "opt out" or "opt in" as required by applicable law.
Business Negotiations. We may contemplate, for strategic or other reasons, selling, buying, merging, or otherwise reorganizing one or more of our businesses. In negotiating with a third party about entering into such an arrangement, we may need to disclose your Personal Information. In such cases, we will take reasonable measures to protect the Personal Information we disclose, for example, by requiring a prospective purchaser to sign a non-disclosure agreement limiting the use and protecting the confidentiality of the Personal Information.
Business Transfers. We may transfer the Personal Information you submit on or through this Site to any organization that acquires or merges with us.
Compliance With Laws and Protection of Our Rights and the Rights of Others. We may disclose your Personal Information when we, in good faith, believe disclosure is appropriate to comply with the law, a court order or a subpoena. We may also disclose your Personal Information to prevent or investigate a possible crime, such as fraud or identity theft; to protect the security of this Site; to enforce or apply our online Terms of Use or other agreements; or to protect our own rights or property or the rights, property or safety of our users or others.
As Described in a Privacy Notice. We reserve the right to disclose your Personal Information as described in any privacy notice posted on a page of this Site where you provide that information. By providing your Personal Information on that page you will be consenting to the disclosure of your Personal Information as described in that privacy notice.
As Described in a Click–Through Agreement. We reserve the right to disclose your Personal Information as described in any click–through agreement to which you have agreed. Please see our Terms of Use for information on click-through agreements.
Children Under the Age of Thirteen
This Site is not intended for children or minors under the age of thirteen years without the permission of a parent or guardian. If you believe that a child has submitted Personal Information on or through this Site without the consent and supervision of a parent or guardian, please contact us so that we can take appropriate action.
Links to Other Sites
This Site may provide links to other websites operated by third parties. We expect our partners and third-party service providers to be transparent about their data protection practices. Be aware, however, that we have no control over third-party websites. This Policy does not apply to Personal Information collected on any third-party website. When you access third-party websites through a link on this Site, please take a few minutes to review the privacy policy posted on that site.
Information for Visitors Accessing this Site from Outside the United States
Primera is a U.S. corporation headquartered in the United States. This Site is currently hosted on servers located in the United States, although we reserve the right to relocate this Site to other servers elsewhere in the world. Your Personal Information may be stored on servers located within the United States or in another country. In addition, we may transfer your Personal Information to our service providers and others located in the United States or another country for the purposes described in this Policy. Different countries have different privacy laws and requirements, and some provide less legal protection for your Personal Information than others.
BY USING THIS SITE, YOU ARE CONSENTING TO THE COLLECTION, USE, AND TRANSFER OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION IN OR TO THE UNITED STATES OR TO ANY OTHER COUNTRY IN THE WORLD SUBJECT TO THE TERMS OF THIS POLICY.
Privacy Notices
This Policy may be supplemented or amended from time to time by "privacy notices" posted on this Site. These privacy notices provide a level of detail that we cannot provide in this more general description of our privacy practices. For example, certain pages of this Site may contain privacy notices providing details about the Personal Information we collect on those pages, why we need that information, and choices you may have about the ways we use that information.
This Policy May Change
This Policy describes Primera's current policies and practices with regard to the information, including Personal Information, we collect through this Site.
We are continually improving and adding to the features and functionality of this Site and the services we offer through this Site. As a result of these changes (or changes in the law), we may need to update or revise this Policy. Accordingly, we reserve the right to update or modify this Policy at any time, without prior notice, by posting the revised version of this Policy behind the link marked "Privacy Policy" in the universal footer of this Site. Your continued use of this Site after we have posted the revised Policy constitutes your agreement to be bound by the revised Policy.
For your convenience, whenever this Policy is changed, we will alert you by placing the word "New" next to the link marked "Privacy Policy" in the universal footer of this Site. We will also update the "effective date" at the top of this page. If you have not used this Site recently, be sure you check the effective date to see if this Policy has been revised since your last visit.
You may access the current version of this Policy at any time by clicking the link marked "Privacy Policy" in the universal footer of this Site.
Definitions
The term "Content" refers to all of the software and code comprising or used to operate this Site, and all of the text, photographs, images, illustrations, graphics, sound recordings, video and audio-video clips, and other materials available on this Site.
The term "Feedback" refers to the Content you post on or through this Site that is specifically about how we can improve this Site and the products and services we make available through this Site.
The term "Personal Information" refers to information that identifies you personally, alone or in combination with other information available to us. Examples of Personal Information include your name, address, and email address.
The term "Policy" refers to this online privacy policy.
The terms "Primera," "we," "us," and "our" refer to Primera Technology, Inc.
The term this "Site" refers to the Primera-owned website on which this Policy is posted.
The term "User-Generated Content" refers to all of the text, photographs, images, illustrations, graphics, sound recordings, video, audio-video clips, and other material that you post on or through our Website using the social networking tools we make available to you and that does not constitute Feedback. Examples of User-Generated Content are information you provide as part of a product review and comments you make in response to a blog post.
Contact us
If you have any questions about this Policy or our privacy practices, please contact us using the information provided below:
Primera Technology, Inc.Two Carlson Parkway NorthPlymouth, MN, USA 55447marketing@primera.com
Fraud Prevention
Compliance Documents
30-Day Satisfaction Guarantee
Patents
Recycle
Environment
© 2020 Primera Technology. All Rights Reserved.    |    Site Map
Web design by: TheCommerceShop