http://www.symetri.com/about-symetri/privacy-policy
+46 8704 22 00
info@symetri.com
Support Login
International
International
Sweden
Norway
Denmark
Finland
UK
Privacy Policy
Collection of information
When registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, mailing address or other details to help you with your experience. We collect information from you when you register on our site, subscribe to a newsletter, respond to a survey, fill out a form or enter information on our site. When you register via a form or similar activity on our channel, you consent to us keeping your data in our database.
Use of information
We may use the information we collect in the following ways:
To personalize your experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested
To improve our website to better serve you
To send periodic emails regarding your order of products, services or events
To follow up with you after correspondence
Protection of information
Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. We implement a variety of security measures when a user places an order enters, submits, or accesses their information to maintain the safety of your personal information.
We handle all data according to the European Union Data Protection Directive and the Directive on privacy and electronic communications. For details, please visit this site: http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/individuals/index_en.htm .
Cookies
Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
We use cookies to:
Understand and save user's preferences for future visits.
Keep track of advertisements.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings. If you turn cookies off, some of the features that make your site experience more efficient may not function properly.
Types of data
We separate the type of data we collect in two categories; non-sensitive and sensitive data.
Non-sensitive data:
Contact: name, address, telephone, mobile, email address
Identification: sex, data of birth, location, nationality
Transaction: license information, support points, course participation, event participation
Communication on all channels and social media: emails, online chat history, comments, feedback, testimonials
Digital including all website and digital platforms: IP address, cookies, social communication, engagement patterns and information, photos, videos
Sensitive data:
Health: Allergies, injuries
Third-party disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer the data we collect to outside parties. This does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or serving our users, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release information when it's release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third-party providers
Google's advertising requirements can be summed up by Google's Advertising Principles. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users https://support.google.com/adwordspolicy/answer/1316548?hl=en. We, along with third-party vendors such as Google use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) to compile data regarding user interactions with ad impressions and other ad service functions as they relate to our website. Users can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Settings page. Alternatively, you can opt out by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative Opt Out page or by using the Google Analytics Opt Out Browser add on.
Remove your data from Symetri
Marketing communication:
You can at any time unsubscribe or change your subscription from future emails by following the instructions at the bottom of each email or by sending an email to marketing@symetri.com. Your subscription will then be automatically updated. You cannot unsubscribe from communication directly with our sales department if we provide you with services and/or software on following topics; price information or other vital information on your account.
Personal data from all our departments in Symetri:
If you want an overview on all personal data Symetri has stored on you, please fill out this request and follow the instructions in the document.
If you want to delete all your personal data Symetri has stored on you, please fill our this request and follow the instructions in the document.
Contact information
Please contact us if you have further questions regarding our privacy policy gdpr@symetri.com.
Show all results
This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website.
Learn more
Got it!