http://www.clauss-net.de/privacy.php
Overview
iOS
macOS
PGP Key
Contact
Deutsch
English
Privacy Policy
Data protection is of a particularly high priority for Alexander Clauss. The use of the Internet pages of
Alexander Clauss is possible without any indication of personal data; however, when using the comment feature of the Blog and when purchasing Apps, processing of personal data could become necessary.
The processing of personal data, such as the name, address, e-mail address, etc. shall always be in line with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), and in accordance with the country-specific data protection regulations applicable to Alexander Clauss. By means of this data protection declaration, I would like to inform the general public of the nature, scope, and purpose of the personal data we collect, use and process. Furthermore, users are informed, by means of this data protection declaration, of the rights to which they are entitled.
Name and address of the controller
Alexander Clauss
Reuterallee 39
64297 Darmstadt
Germany
Tel.: 06151/597109
E-Mail: alexander@clauss-net.de
The personal data that is being processed
When providing a web site in the internet, it is always required to process the IP address of the user, because without it it is impossible to send back the requested page. This also applies to all third party-services, which are used or embedded on the site.
Contact
When users contact me via E-Mail, for example for support, reporting bugs, to make suggestions or give feedback, the personal data (names, E-Mail addresses) are only used to respond to the user and to improve the products. The personal data will never be used for any other purposes and also won't be given to a third party.
Hosting/Logfiles
The web hosting provider of the web sites of Alexander Clauss logs the site access. The following data will be written to the logs (if available): Daten and time, IP address, type of browser, operating system, the requested page, the referrer. IP addresses will be stored for at most 7 days for security reasons (to detect abuse and hacking attempts) and will then deleted. Data that is required for legal reasons can be kept until the incident is resolved.
Cookies
Cookies are text files that are stored by a web site on a computer system via an Internet browser. The web site of Alexander Clauss uses cookies only to save the language preferences of the user, so that for the next visit of the site the user does not need to set the preferred language again. These cookies do not allow to identify the user. Users can delete these cookies in their browser any time and also configure the browser to never accept the cookies.
AppStore
The iOS Apps provided on the web sites of Alexander Clauss can be purchased via Apple's AppStore. When purchasing Apps from the AppStores, Apple will collect personal data to process the purchase, for example ask for name, address, payment information etc. None of this data is transmitted to me, all the data remains at Apple. Therefore I do not have access to this data and can not process it at all.
Please read the data protection
policy of Apple.
ShareIt
The Mac Apps provided on the web sites of Alexander Clauss can be purchased though the online store "ShareIt" of Digital River. When purchasing Apps from ShareIt, Digital River will collect personal data to process the purchase, for example name, address, payment information etc. ShareIt will then transmit some of the data to me: name, address, E-Mail address, number of purchased licenses and the license codes. This data will be processed by me only to have a receipt for legit users. None of this data is used for anything else, none of this data is given to other parties.
Please read the data protection policy of Digital River.
Akismet
The iCab blog uses "Akismet" (by Automattic Inc.) to check comments for SPAM messages. Therefore before publishing a comment in the blog, it will be send to this service, which will then analyse the comment for known SPAM messages and returns back the result of these checks. This service will collect IP address, daten and time, type of browsers, referrer and the E-Mail address of the user. The collected personal data will be saved for 4 days and then be deleted if it is not recognized as SPAM. SPAM messages can be saved for a longer period.
Please read the data protection policy of Automattic Inc.
Gravatar
The comment feature of the iCab blog uses the service "Gravatar" (by Automattic Inc.) to show personalized Avatar images of the user that has posted a comment. Registered users of the Gravatar service will then automatically find their personal Avatar images next to their comment. The Gravatar service will check the E-Mail address of the user who posts a comment to check if the user has a personal Avatar image and then sends back this image. Gravatar only uses the E-Mail address to find Avatar images, the E-Mail address won't be saved or used for other purposes.
Please read the data protection policy of Automattic Inc.
YouTube Videos
On certain pages of the web site of Alexander Clauss, there are videos embedded which are hosted by Youtube (by Google LLC). Embedding these videos uses extended data protection mode from Youtube, which does not collect any data from the user if the videos are not explicitly started.
Please read the data protection policy of Google.
Facebook
I also have a few Facebook pages for certain Apps in order to communicate with Facebook users about these Apps as well. The Facebook pages are not "embedded" on the web sites of Alexander Clauss, so while browsing the web sites of Alexander Clauss, no data is transmitted to Facebook. If you leave the web sites of Alexander Clauss and go to the Facebook pages (for example by using the Links to Facebook), then Facebook can collect data about the user and in tis case the data protection policy of Facebook applies.
Erasure and blocking of personal data
The personal data of the user is only stored for the period necessary to achieve the purpose of storage, or as far as this is granted by the European legislator or other legislators in laws or regulations to which the controller is subject to.
If the storage purpose is not applicable, or if a storage period prescribed by the European legislator or another competent legislator expires, the personal data are routinely blocked or erased in accordance with legal requirements.
Rights of the user
Each user has the right to obtain from the controller the confirmation as to whether or not personal data concerning him or her are being processed. Please contact Alexander Clauss if you wish to get this information. (Art. 15 GDPR).
Each user has the right to obtain the rectification of inaccurate personal data concerning him or her. (Art. 16 GDPR).
Each user has the right to obtain from the controller the erasure of personal data concerning him or her, as long as the processing is not necessary, in which case the data processing is restricted (Art. 18 GDPR).
Each user has the right to obtain free information about his or her personal data stored at any time and a copy of this information. (Art. 20 GDPR)
Each user has the right to object, on grounds relating to his or her particular situation, at any time, to processing of personal data concerning him or her
Each user shall have the right to withdraw his or her consent to processing of his or her personal data at any time. (Art. 7(3) GDPR).
Legal basis for the processing
Art. 6 (1/a) GDPR serves as the legal basis for processing operationsfor which we obtain consent for a specific processing purpose.
If the processing of personal data is necessary for the performance of a contract, for example when processing purchases of licenses, the processing is based on Art. 6 (1/b) GDPR.
Legal obligation by which processing of personal data is required, like tax obligations, the processing is based on Art. 6(1/c) GDPR
In rare cases, the processing of personal data may be necessary to protect the vital interests of the user or of another natural person. Then the processing would be based on Art. 6(1/d) GDPR.
Finally, processing operations could be based on Art. 6(1/f) GDPR. This legal basis is used for processing operations which are not covered by any of the above, if processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by me or by a third party.