https://www.omniagroup.com/privacy-policy/
Chat NowLive Chat
Privacy Policy
Omnia’s Client Privacy Policy
Omnia’s Client Privacy Policy covers the collection, use, and disclosure of personal information that may be collected by Omnia anytime you interact with Omnia, such as when you visit our website, when you purchase Omnia products and services, or when you call our sales or support associates. Please take a moment to read the following to learn more about our information practices, including what type of information is gathered, how the information is used and for what purposes, to whom we disclose the information, and how we safeguard your personal information. Your privacy is a priority at Omnia, and we go to great lengths to protect it.
Why we collect personal information
We collect your personal information because it helps us deliver a superior level of customer service. It enables us to give you convenient access to our products and services and focus on categories of greatest interest to you. In addition, your personal information helps us keep you posted on the latest product announcements and updates, special offers, newsletters and events that you might like to hear about.
If you do not want Omnia to keep you up to date with the latest information on products and services, email  Privacy@omniagroup.com.
What information we collect and how we may use it
There are a number of situations in which your personal information may help us give you better products or service. For example:
We may ask for your personal information when you are discussing a service issue on the phone with an associate, registering for a seminar, participating in an online survey, or executing a purchase.
When you interact with Omnia, we may collect personal information relevant to the situation, such as your name, mailing address, phone number, email address, and contact preferences; your credit card information and information about the Omnia products you own, such as the number of profile uses and date of purchase; and information relating to a support or service issue.
We also collect information for market research purposes — such as occupation, reporting responsibilities, salaries and organizational characteristics — to gain a better understanding of our clients and thus provide more valuable service.
We may use personal information to provide products that you have requested as well as for auditing, research, and analysis to improve Omnia’s products.
Your Omnia User ID and related information
Omnia sets up your initial web account with a User ID and other information pertaining to the Company or individual account. You supply the initial password and, if you are a designated Client Administrator on the web account, you have complete control to add additional authorized users and designate various levels of authorization and access for each. Client Administrators have the ability to activate and deactivate other Non-Client Administrator users from account access. Client Administrators may change and update personal information maintained on the web account. This may include new contacts, addresses, credit card numbers, etc.
When we disclose your information
Omnia takes your privacy very seriously. We do not sell or rent your contact information to other marketers or individuals not in a position of needing to know.  We do not sell or publicly publish the results of any assessment taken by candidates.  To help us provide superior service, your personal information may be shared with administrative, legal, sales or service personnel within the Omnia Group who will take steps to safeguard it in accordance with Omnia’s privacy policy.
At times we may be required by law or litigation to disclose your personal information. We may also disclose information about you if we determine that for national security, law enforcement, or other issues of public importance, disclosure is necessary.
How we protect your personal information
Omnia takes precautions — including administrative, technical, and physical measures — to safeguard your personal information against loss, theft, and misuse, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction.
You can help us by also taking precautions to protect your personal data when you are on the Internet. Change your passwords often using a combination of letters and numbers, and make sure you use a secure web browser.
Cookies and other technologies
Omnia’s website uses “cookies” and other technologies to help troubleshoot operational issues.  We gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information includes Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system and date/time stamp.
Our companywide commitment to your privacy
As we said, Omnia takes protecting your privacy very seriously. To make sure your personal information is secure, we communicate these guidelines to Omnia employees and strictly enforce privacy safeguards within the company.
International users
Omnia complies with the U.S.-EU Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information from European Union member countries.  Omnia has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice, choice, onward transfer, security, data integrity, access, and enforcement.  To learn more about the Safe Harbor program, and to view Omnia’s certification (search The Omnia Group, Inc.), please visit http://www.export.gov/safeharbor/.
Omnia’s website has links to the sites of other companies. Omnia is not responsible for their privacy practices. We encourage you to learn about the privacy policies of those companies.
Privacy questions
If you have questions or concerns about Omnia’s Client Privacy Policy or data processing, please contact Privacy@omniagroup.com
Omnia may update its privacy policy from time to time. When we change the policy in a material way a notice will be posted on our website along with the updated privacy policy.
Unsubscribe from future emails
If you would like to unsubscribe from future marketing emails please click this link
*Please note: If you are a client.
You will still receive account related emails.
Ready to optimize your team?
Learn how Omnia can help you evolve your team and culture.
1501 W. Cleveland St., Ste. 300 Tampa, FL 33606 USA(813) 254-9449(800) 525-7117Client Sign InCopyright © 2020 The Omnia Group, Inc.Join our NewsletterBehavioral Assessment TestCognitive Assessment TestPre Employment AssessmentsHiring AssessmentsSales AssessmentsPrivacy PolicyCopyright © 2020 The Omnia Group, Inc.
linkedin
facebook
pinterest
youtube
rss
twitter
instagram
facebook-blank
rss-blank
linkedin-blank
pinterest
youtube
twitter
instagram