http://www.anu.net/privacy.html
Toggle navigation
Home
What We Offer
Contact
Blog
Customer Portal
Webmail
Anu Internet Services
Privacy policy
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their 'Personally Identifiable Information' (PII) is being used online. PII is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.
What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our website?
When using our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, phone number or other details in order to interact with us through our Website.
When do we collect information?
We collect information from you when you fill out a form, Use Live Chat, Open a Support Ticket or enter information on our site.
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
To form a contract with you.
For payment processing purposes.
To allow us to better serve you in responding to your customer service requests.
To follow up with you after correspondence (live chat, email or phone inquiries)
To comply with the law.
How long do we retain your information?
Anu Internet Services will retain your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.
How do we protect your information?
Our website is scanned on a regular basis for security holes and known vulnerabilities in order to make your visit to our site as safe as possible.
We use regular Malware Scanning.
Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. In addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer/Transport Layer Security (SSL/TLS) technology.
We implement a variety of security measures when a user places an order, enters, submits, or accesses their information to maintain the safety of your personal information.
For your convenience we may store your credit card information kept for more than 60 days in order to automate our recurring billing process.
Do we use 'cookies'?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. Cookies are required in order to access our Customer Portal.
We use cookies to:
Understand and save user's preferences for future visits.
Authenticate access to our Customer Portal.
Enable use of our Live Chat service.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings. Since each browser is a little different, look at your browser's Help Menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
If you disable cookies in your browser:
If you turn cookies off it will turn off some of the features of the site.
Third-party disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your Personally Identifiable Information.
Third-party links
We do not include or offer third-party products or services on our website.
EU Data Protection
Anu Internet Services Limited complies with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) (EU) 2016/679. We may transfer your data to the U.S., the EEA, or other countries or regions deemed by the European Commission to provide adequate protection of personal data in connection with storage and processing of data, fulfilling your requests, and operating our services.
The Data Controller for personal information collected, retained and used by Anu Internet Services is the Data Protection Officer at Anu Internet Services who can be reached by emailing support@anu.net.
If you would like to request access to any personal information we hold on you, correct any information held, or request that we delete your personal information, please contact our Data Protection Officer.
California Online Privacy Protection Act
CalOPPA is the first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy. The law's reach stretches well beyond California to require any person or company in the United States (and conceivably the world) that operates websites collecting Personally Identifiable Information from California consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being collected and those individuals or companies with whom it is being shared. - See more here.
According to CalOPPA, we agree to the following:
Users can visit our site anonymously.
Once this privacy policy is created, we will add a link to it on our home page or as a minimum, on the first significant page after entering our website.
Our Privacy Policy link includes the word 'Privacy' and can easily be found on the page specified above.
You will be notified of any Privacy Policy changes:
On our Privacy Policy Page
Customers can change personal information:
By logging in to your account
How does our site handle Do Not Track signals?
We honor Do Not Track signals and Do Not Track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place.
Does our site allow third-party behavioral tracking?
It's also important to note that we do not allow third-party behavioral tracking
CAN SPAM Act
The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.
We collect your email address in order to:
Send information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions
Process orders and to send information and updates pertaining to orders.
Market to our mailing list or continue to send emails to our clients after the original transaction has occurred.
To be in accordance with CANSPAM, we agree to the following:
Not use false or misleading subjects or email addresses.
Identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way.
Include the physical address of our business or site headquarters.
Monitor third-party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used.
Honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly.
Allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each email.
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can email us by
Email to support@anu.net
Follow the instructions at the bottom of each email
and we will promptly remove you from ALL correspondence.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below.
Anu Internet Services Limited
St Brandon's House
29 Great George St
Bristol
BS1 5QT
United Kingdom
Email: support@anu.net
Phone: +44 (0)117 9118820
Last Edited on 2018-05-25
Copyright 2018 - Anu Internet Services
Privacy policy
|
Standard Terms & Conditions