https://www.collect.org/privacy/
Skip to content
Website Terms of Use and Privacy Notice
Comtech System Inc. has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this website: https://www.collect.org. Comtech values your privacy. This notice is an overview how and why your personal data is collected and used by Comtech.
Please note that collect.org is our primary domain name, but we do utilize aliases for internationalization such as, but not limited to: collectsoftware.com.au and collectsoftware.eu. This notice applies to all aliases as well.
Security
We work to protect personally identifiable information stored on the site’s servers from unauthorized access using commercially available computer security products, such as firewalls. Inside Comtech, information supplied on our website through information requests and information generated by the web site logging software, is restricted on a need-to-know basis. Our servers are physically secured from unauthorized access.
What personal data do we collect about you?
The information you voluntarily share with us through our website, communications or other – such as your name, company name, job title, email address, phone number, country of your location and similar.
How do we obtain your personal data?
We obtain your personal data either directly from you or from public sources such as forms filled out through our website.
Web Browser Cookies
Our Site may use ‘cookies’ to enhance User experience. The User’s web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and occasional data collection. Users may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert them when cookies are being sent. If they elect to refuse cookies, some parts of the Site may not function properly.
Confidential Information
Comtech does not request confidential or proprietary information through our website beyond basic identification and contact information. Please note that any information or material sent to Comtech will be deemed NOT CONFIDENTIAL to you. By choosing to send a message to Comtech, you acknowledge that:
All information contained in your message, including feedback data, such as questions, comments, suggestions, or the like, is non-confidential and is not protected by trade secret
Comtech Systems Inc. shall have no obligation of any kind with respect to such information
Comtech Systems Inc. shall be free to reproduce, use, disclose, and distribute the information to others without limitation
To the extent that you have any intellectual property rights related to your submission, for example, copyrights, patents and other forms of intellectual property that might cover the use or practice of information in your submission, you agree that Comtech Systems Inc. shall be free to use any such intellectual property and any ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques contained in, or that Comtech Systems Inc. may derive from, your submission for any purpose whatsoever, including, but not limited to, developing, manufacturing, and marketing products incorporating such information.
Personally Identifiable Information
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our website. Our site contains registration forms for the following purposes:
Detailed information requests
Software downloads
Beta request forms
These forms require users to give us contact information (like their name and e-mail address). If the information is optional, we identify those fields appropriately so you know what is required to provide the requested service. We use customer contact information from the registration form to send the user information about our company. The customer’s contact information is also used to contact the visitor when necessary. Downloaders will receive a series of marketing emails and may unsubscribe at any time.
How do we use your personal data?
Your personal data is used to keep track of downloaded software, technical support, and for sales and marketing purposes, including sending you information about Comtech and its services and products by email.
On what legal basis do we use your personal data?
We use your personal data on the following basis:
If you are not our former or existing customer then processing of your personal data is based on your consent.
If you are our former or existing customer then processing of your personal data is based on our legitimate interest as it helps our business to offer you support and maintenance, information about new products and services, and provide you with some other information about Comtech that you may find interesting.
Third Parties
This website contains links to other sites, primarily those belonging to our business partners. Comtech Systems Inc. is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites. Comtech Systems Inc. is not responsible for the actions of these third parties. We encourage you to review their privacy policies to learn more about what, why and how they collect and use personally identifiable information. Comtech Systems Inc. will not trade, sell, or give out contact information to any third party.
How long will we keep your personal data?
We will always keep your personal data for the period for which we maintain an active interaction with you or your organization. We will also keep your personal data where required by law.
With whom do we share your personal data?
Your personal data will be accessible to Comtech employees on a need-to-know basis. We don’t share your data with third parties, except Comtech may share your personal data with its suppliers under a written agreement which commits the suppliers to appropriate safeguards in relation to the handling of your personal data (including in relation to maintaining confidentiality of your personal data and implementing appropriate technical and organizational security measures).
Data Processing
Your personal data will be processed and stored on our servers in Canada. If you are located in the European Economic Area, please note that we take steps to ensure an adequate level of protection for your personal data in accordance with the GDPR.
Protecting Your Personal Data
Comtech will take appropriate legal, organizational and technical measures to protect your personal data, consistent with applicable privacy and data security laws.
Your Rights
You are entitled to:
Opt out from your personal data being processed for direct marketing purposes
Request information regarding the processing of your personal data, including being provided with a copy of your personal data
Request the correction, restriction, and/or deletion of your personal data, or object to the processing of your personal data
You are not required by law to provide your personal data to us. If you object to the processing of your personal data, we will respect that choice in accordance with our legal obligations. Please note that such choice may restrict your access to our products and services.
If you would like to exercise any of your rights, please let us know by getting in touch using the contact details below.
Contact Us
If you have questions or requests regarding the processing of your personal data, or require additional information, please contact us for more information.