http://www.privacyanywhere.com/terms/
Download PestBlock Spyware Removal!Buy best Privacy Guard. Your privacy will be strongly protected with Privacy Guard named as Evidence Sweeper! Download Spyware Removal Software!
Spyware Removal Software for Free!The Best Spyware Removal Software!
Privacy Defender Software Download!Try our Privacy Defender Software!
Home
Products
Downloads
Support
Contacts
Affiliates/Resellers
Company
Online Store
Home /
Terms and Conditions
You are not authorized to use or access the PrivacyAnywhere.COM Web Site without acceptance of these terms and conditions. Use of this Web Site constitutes your acceptance of these terms and conditions, as well as your waiver of any and all claims against PrivacyAnywhere Software, LLC, its subsidiaries, affiliates, contractors, agents, officers, directors or employees arising out of your use of this Web Site or any materials information, opinions or recommendations contained therein.
DISCLAIMERS
Except as otherwise prohibited herein, any person is hereby authorized to view, copy, print and distribute documents contained in this Web Site, subject to the following conditions:
The document(s) may be used for informational purposes only.
The document(s) may be used only for non-commercial purposes.
Any copy of the document(s) or portion(s) thereof must include either the PrivacyAnywhere copyright notice or a link to the Copyrights page of this Web Site.
GENERAL INFORMATION
PrivacyAnywhere Software also collects general demographic information about visitors to our site. The information we collect creates a broad picture of our population rather than focusing on any one individual. This information is used to continually refine our products and to identify the most popular areas of our site.
GENERAL
This Web Site and the information, names, images, pictures, logos and icons concerning, regarding or relating to PrivacyAnywhere and its affiliates, products and services are provided "as is" and on an "as available" basis, without any representation or endorsement made, and without warranty of any kind, whether expressed or implied, including, but not limited to, an implied warranty of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of others' intellectual property rights. In no event shall PrivacyAnywhere or any of its subsidiaries, affiliates, contractors, employees, directors or officers be liable for any damages, including without limitation special, indirect, or consequential damages (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, OR LOSS OF INFORMATION) resulting from access or use, or inability to access or use, this Web Site or arising out of any materials, information, qualifications, opinions or recommendations on this Web Site.
SUBJECT TO CHANGE WITHOUT NOTICE
This Web Site may include publications with technical inaccuracies or typographical errors that will be corrected as they are discovered, at the sole discretion of PrivacyAnywhere. Also, changes are periodically added to the information contained herein. These corrections and changes may be incorporated into this Web Site at a later date. PrivacyAnywhere may at any time make modifications, improvements and/or changes to these Terms and Conditions, the information, names, images, pictures, logos and icons displayed on this Web Site, or the products and services referred to within, and may do so with or without notice.
OTHER SITES AND LINKS THERETO
This Web Site may contain links or references to other web sites. As the Internet is maintained independently at thousands of sites around the world, the information, names, images, pictures, logos and icons that may be accessed may originate outside the boundaries of this Web Site, and PrivacyAnywhere has no control over such information. Therefore, PrivacyAnywhere has no obligation or responsibility regarding any content derived, obtained, accessed within, through or outside the PrivacyAnywhere Web Site. You agree not to add, alter, substitute or amend, partially or in whole, any information displayed by PrivacyAnywhere on this Web Site.
PERFORMANCE INFORMATION
Performance tests and ratings are measured using specific computer systems and/or components and reflect the approximate performance of PrivacyAnywhere's products as measured by those tests. Any difference in system hardware or software design or configuration may affect actual performance. Buyers should consult other sources of information to evaluate the performance of systems or components they are considering purchasing.
CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION
PrivacyAnywhere does not want to receive confidential or proprietary information from you through our Web Site. Please note that any information or material sent to PrivacyAnywhere will be deemed NOT to be confidential. By sending PrivacyAnywhere any information or material, you grant PrivacyAnywhere an unrestricted, irrevocable license to use, reproduce, display, perform, modify, transmit and distribute those materials or information, and you also agree that PrivacyAnywhere is free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques that you send us for any purposes. However, we will not release your name or otherwise publicize the fact that you submitted materials or other information to use unless: (a) we ask your permission to use your name; or (b) we first notify you that the materials or other information you submit to a particular part of this site will be published or otherwise used with your name on it; or (c) we are required to do so by law.
COPYRIGHTS
The materials displayed on this Web Site, including without limitation all editorial materials, informational text, photographs, illustrations, artwork and other graphic materials, and names, logos, trademarks, and service marks, are the property of PrivacyAnywhere or licensors thereof and are protected by copyright, trademark and other intellectual property laws. Any such content may be displayed and printed solely for your personal, non-commercial use. You agree not to reproduce, retransmit, distribute, disseminate, sell, publish, broadcast or circulate any such material to any third party without the express prior written consent of PrivacyAnywhere.
Nothing contained herein shall be construed as conferring by implication, estoppel or otherwise any license or right under any patent or trademark of PrivacyAnywhere or any third party. Except as expressly provided above, nothing contained herein shall be construed as conferring any license or right to any copyright or other intellectual property rights in relation to any such information, data, products or services.
The names, images, logos and pictures identifying PrivacyAnywhere products and services are proprietary marks of PrivacyAnywhere Software, LLC and/or its subsidiaries or affiliates, and the products themselves are proprietary to PrivacyAnywhere.
Microsoft, Windows, Windows NT, Outlook, and/or other Microsoft products referenced herein are either trademarks or registered trademarks of Microsoft.
The names of other products or services noted on this web site may be trademarks, registered trademarks, or service marks of, or may be copyrighted by, their respective holders.
The example companies, organizations, products, people and events depicted herein are fictitious. No association with any real company, organization, product, person, or event is intended or should be inferred.
PrivacyAnywhere Software, LLC assumes no responsibility for customer product design and assumes no responsibility for infringement of patents or rights of others that may result from PrivacyAnywhere assistance, and no product licenses are granted or implied.
News for Jul 10, 2015
New Version!
PestBlock version 4.1. Many new featured, bugfixes. Download new version today! Learn More...
Download Demo Version
Buy Now!
Buy Online
Online Store
Discount Pricing
Spyware Research
Browse our Spyware Research Center.
Spyware Research
Free Newsletter
Sign up for our free product newsletter today and get informed about new updates and releases by email. You will also receive the latest discounts and offers for our products!
Click Here to Sign Up
Home
Products
Downloads
Support
Contacts
Affiliates/Resellers
Company
Online Store
© 2007 PrivacyAnywhere Software, LLC. All rights reserved. Privacy Statement | Terms of Use | www.pestblock.com