https://www.cccure.education/home/cms/terms-and-conditions
Problem or issue?  Click on Help icon at the bottom right of the web page and send us a ticket.  We will get back to you as soon as we can.
FAQ & TUTORIALS
LOGIN
REGISTER
Terms and Conditions
BACK
Last Updated: May 17th, 2017
**PLEASE READ THIS DOCUMENT CAREFULLY, IF YOU DO NOT AGREE, DO NOT JOIN**.
This first portion is a summary of our Usage Policy and Terms.  You have a more detailed version further below.
The CCCure Quiz Engine ("CCCure," "we," or "us") offers an online Quiz Engine platform through its website located at https://cccure.education and other CCCure-operated sites (collectively, the "CCCure Family of Portals")). By registering as a member or by using the CCCure Services in any way, you accept these Terms of Service ("Agreement"), which forms a binding agreement between you and CCCure. If you do not wish to be bound by this Agreement, do not use the CCCure Services.**
By registering on this website as a Quiz User you give implicit permission and you authorize CCCure to send you advertising messages from our sponsors.  The messages sent are for products or services that are security oriented.  We will NOT send messages about male enhancement products or other types of get rich/bigger/more medicated scams, or similar products and services. The messages from our sponsors are sent only a few times a month and your email address is NEVER given or resold to anyone else.  We will pass the message along to you on behalf of our sponsors, but they never get access to your email address.
By registering on this website as a Quiz User you also grant implicit permission and you authorize CCCure to send you administrative messages regarding your account status, new features, renewal reminders, expiry reminders, or any other message deemed necessary by the administrators of the site. Those messages allow you to renew your account before it would expire. We usually sent a message two weeks before expiry, another one about one week before expire, and then a final message will be sent to you one month after your account has expired to give you a final chance to renew. If you do not renew at the end of your membership period your accounts and your exam history will be deleted permanently from the site.
NOTE:
If you do not wish to be added to our mailing list, please let us know by sending a message to support@cccure.com and we can quote you a price that is not subsidized through advertisement. You simply pay the full price (sponsored price X 2) and we will not add your name to our mailing list.
The website is self-supporting strictly through user registration fees and sponsor's advertisement
This is why we have user registration fees and distribution of our sponsors' messages through our mailing list and banner advertisement.
Our survival depends on the revenues from sponsored advertising on the portals.  Donations have been found to be TOTALLY ineffective, this is why we have implemented the registration system and the user fees along with sponsored advertisement.
Forcing registration also ensures that we minimize the amount of junk that unscrupulous users attempt to post within our question submission form, comments areas, or any other place where spammers and abusers can post their unsolicited and unwanted messages. The greatest benefit of for you as a user, is the fact that registration helps us in maintaining the quality of the content overall and help us generate some revenues that we can reinvest to have more features and functionality added to the quiz engine. This is how we can offer our resources at such low prices as well.
Subject to your compliance with the terms of our usage agreement, we grant to paying members (PAID subscription Members) a non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, revocable, limited license, to use the Services of our Quiz Engine solely for personal, non-commercial purposes.
Subject to your compliance with the terms of our usage agreement, we grant to Bulk/Company license owners a non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, revocable, limited license, to use the Services of our Quiz Engine solely for their students, company employees, department members, or organization members.
CODE OF CONDUCT
In using the CCCure Services, you must behave in a civil and respectful manner at all times. Further, you will not:
Act in a deceptive manner by, among other things, impersonating any person;
Harass or stalk any other person;
Use foul and offensive language towards any of the CCCure Staff or other members;
Harm or exploit minors;
Distribute "spam";
Collect information about others; or
Advertise or solicit others to purchase any product or service within the CCCure Site or outside the CCCure site  (unless you are an official CCCure partner or advertiser and have a written agreement with CCCure).
CCCure has the right, but not the obligation, to monitor all conduct on and content submitted to the CCCure Services.
Violation of any of the rules listed above will be dealt with an instant account termination.
AVAILABILITY OF SERVICES
We always do our best to maintain the availability of our services.
At times we may need to close the site temporarily to do hardware or software updates.
Such maintenance will be announced on the website.  We will attempt to announce it ahead of time whenever possible.
However, there are times when our ISP could suffer from an interruption or the server could have a technical issue.  Our best effort will always be deployed to bring the site back online as soon as we can.
When the site is down, we make no money, so just like you, we really want the site to be up and running all the time.
The site is running on the Amazon Web Services (AWS) cloud services which offer redundancy and high availability.  Amazon has suffered interruption in the past but it is extremely rare.  So our availability promise cannot be higher than what is offered by AWS.
ACCESS IS A PRIVILEGE
Abusive language toward our staff or other users of the service will not be tolerated.   Any user attempting to circumvent our security measure will be banned.
The CCCure Family of Portals reserves the right to deny access to any user, company, or IP address at its sole discretion.
You understand that we, in our sole discretion, may make Changes to the Services at any time, modify, suspend or terminate any license hereunder at any time and for any reason.
Paying members and/or bulk licensees will be reimbursed on a pro-rated scale if such account would happen to be terminated by CCCure.
INDEMNIFICATION
You will indemnify, defend, and hold harmless CCCure and its affiliates, directors, officers, employees, and agents, from and against all third party actions that: (i) arise from your activities on the CCCure Services; (ii) assert a violation by you of any term of this Agreement; or (iii) assert that any content you submitted to CCCure violates any law or infringes any third party right, including any intellectual property or privacy right.
YOUR AGREEMENT
If you do not agree with the policy above and the detailed version below, please do not register.
By registering you implicitly consent to our usage policy in its entirety as stated within this whole document.
You understand that we, in our sole discretion, may make changes to the services at any time, modify, suspend, or terminate any license hereunder at any time for any reason.
We wish you all best of luck in your studies!
Best regards
Clement
Clement Dupuis, CD
Site Owner and Founder
SEE DETAILED VERSION OF THIS AGREEMENT BELOW:
Content
Who May Use the CCCure Services
License to Use the CCCure Services
Privacy
Membership
Subscriptions and Purchases
Term and Termination; Account Deletion
Content Restrictions
Code of Conduct
Licenses Granted by You
Your Representations and Warranties
Indemnification
Third Party Copyrights and Other Rights
Disclaimers
Limitation of Liability
General Provisions
1. Who May Use the CCCure Services
AGE REQUIREMENT: You must be at least 13 years old to use the CCCure Services. If you are at least 13, but are still a minor (this depends on where you live), you must have your parent or legal guardian's permission to use the CCCure Services. Please have him or her read this Agreement with you.
NOTICE TO PARENTS AND GUARDIANS: By granting your child permission to use the CCCure Service, you agree to the terms of this Agreement on behalf of your child. You are responsible for monitoring and supervising your child's use of the CCCure Services. If your child is using the CCCure Services and is either under 13 or does not have your permission, please contact us immediately so that we can disable his or her access. If you have questions about whether the CCCure Services is appropriate for your child, please contact us.
2. License to Use the CCCure Services
LICENSE: CCCure grants you a limited, non-exclusive license to access and use the CCCure Services for your own personal, non-commercial purposes.  This includes the right to view content available on the CCCure Services. This license is personal to you and may not be assigned or sublicensed to anyone else.
COMMERCIAL USE: You may not use the CCCure Services for commercial purposes unless:
You are a CCCure Bulk user, in which case you may use and access the CCCure Services for commercial and non-commercial purposes, subject to compliance with the bulk license guidelines; and
Your license is in good standing.
RESTRICTIONS: Except as expressly permitted by CCCure in writing, you will not scrape, reproduce, redistribute, sell, resell, create derivative works from, decompile, reverse engineer, or disassemble the CCCure Services, any of its content or any source code therein. Nor will you attempt to circumvent any of CCCure's technical measures or take any measures to interfere with or damage the CCCure Services. All rights not expressly granted by CCCure are reserved.
3. Privacy
Your privacy rights are set forth in our Privacy Policy, which forms a part of this Agreement. Please review the Privacy Policy to learn about:
What information we may collect about you;
What we use that information for; and
With whom we share that information.
4. Membership
REGISTRATION: To use the CCCure Services, you must register as a member by providing your First and Last name, email address, and a password. You must provide complete and accurate registration information to CCCure and notify us if your information changes. If you are a business, government, or non-profit entity, the person whose email address is associated with the account must have the authority to bind the entity to this Agreement.
USER NAME: We encourage you to use your real name. If you are a business, government, or non-profit entity, you must use the actual name of your organization. You may not use someone else's name, a name that violates any third party right, or a name that is obscene or otherwise objectionable.
ACCOUNT SECURITY: You are responsible for all activity that occurs under your account, including any activity by authorized or unauthorized users. You must not allow others to use your account credentials and you must safeguard the confidentiality of those credentials. If you are using a computer that others have access to, you must log out of your account after using the CCCure Services. If you become aware of an unauthorized access to your account, you must change your password and notify us immediately.
SEAT ACCESS: If you are a Bulk or Business subscriber, you may grant access to our services by inviting other CCCure Quiz members subject to a bank of months limit. You are responsible for the actions of those persons insofar as your account is concerned. If you are a CCCure member who has been granted access to a BULK or Business account, you must comply with the terms of this Agreement in accessing that account.
5. Subscriptions and Purchases
CCCure BULK / GROUP account: In addition to offering the Basic (PAID) CCCure memberships, we also offer the CCCure BULK / GROUP subscription.
Please see our registration page for current (PAID) and (BULK) accounts features and pricing. Features and prices are subject to change.
CCCure BULK users who wish to purchase additional months for their bank of months can add more months by clicking on the "CLICK TO ADD MORE" link under your dashboard, in the block showing the number of months remaining in your account.
CANCELATION AND REFUNDS: Users who purchase subscriptions can cancel and receive a full refund within 10 days of buying if no quiz was generated under the account and they did not make use of the account at all.   Once the account is accessed and usage is done, there will be no refund.
After the cancellation period ends, all purchases are final and all fees paid are non-refundable, even if your account is later terminated by CCCure. If your account is terminated due to your breach of this Agreement during the relevant cancellation period, you will not be refunded. If you have questions, please contact us.
RENEWALS: Subject to the terms hereof, you may choose to renew your subscription at the end of the subscription period. By default, all subscriptions are under your dashboard NOT set to automatically renew.
CCCure reserves the right to deny subscriptions, renewals, and other purchases for any reason.
END OF SUBSCRIPTION: When a PAID or BULK subscription ends, the account will be automatically archived and the old quizzes and statistics will NOT BE kept by the system.
CCCure may disable access to or delete any content to comply with the account limits.
After a short period of time after expiry, the account and its content may be deleted if the subscription is not renewed.
6. Term and Termination; Account Deletion
TERM: This Agreement begins on the date you register on the CCCure Website and continues as long as you have a valid account with us.
ACCOUNT DELETION: You may send us a request to delete your account at any time. PAID and BULK accounts may be deleted from the CCCure Services if they remain inactive (i.e., the user fails to log in) for a continuous period of at least six (6) months. Subscription accounts will remain active until the end of the subscription term and any renewal term.
TERMINATION FOR BREACH: CCCure may suspend, disable, or delete your account (or any part thereof) or block or remove any content you submitted if CCCure determines that you have violated any provision of this Agreement or that your conduct or content would tend to damage CCCure's reputation and goodwill. If CCCure deletes your account for the foregoing reasons, you may not re-register for the CCCure Services. CCCure may block your email address and Internet protocol address to prevent further registration.
EFFECT OF TERMINATION/ACCOUNT DELETION: Upon termination, all licenses granted by CCCure will terminate. Sections 6 and 11 through 16 shall survive termination. In the event of account deletion for any reason, content that you submitted may no longer be available. CCCure shall not be responsible for the loss of such content.
7. Content Restrictions
You may not upload, post, or transmit (collectively, "submit") any video, image, text, audio recording, or other work (collectively, "content") that:
Infringes any third party's copyrights or other rights (e.g., trademark, privacy rights, etc.);
Contains sexually explicit content or pornography (provided, however, that non-sexual nudity is permitted);
Contains hateful, defamatory, or discriminatory content or incites hatred against any individual or group;
Exploits minors;
Depicts unlawful acts or extreme violence;
Depicts animal cruelty or extreme violence towards animals;
Promotes fraudulent or dubious business schemes; or
Violates any law.
All text, images, and videos you submit must also comply with the CCCure Guidelines which are incorporated into this Agreement.
8. Code of Conduct
In using the CCCure Services, you must behave in a civil and respectful manner at all times. Further, you will not:
Act in a deceptive manner by, among other things, impersonating any person;
Harass or stalk any other person;
Use foul and offensive language towards any of the CCCure Staff or other members;
Harm or exploit minors;
Distribute "spam";
Collect information about others; or
Advertise or solicit others to purchase any product or service within the CCCure Site or outside the CCCure site  (unless you are an official CCCure partner or advertiser and have a written agreement with CCCure).
CCCure has the right, but not the obligation, to monitor all conduct on and content submitted to the CCCure Services.  Violation of any of the rules listed above will be dealt with an instant account termination.
9. Licenses Granted by You
9.1 Videos
LICENSE TO CCCure: As between you and CCCure, you own the video content ("videos") that you submit to the CCCure Services. By submitting a video, you grant CCCure and its affiliates a limited, worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free license and right to copy, transmit, distribute, publicly perform and display (through all media now known or hereafter created), and make derivative works from your video for the purpose of (i) displaying the video within the CCCure Services; (ii) displaying the video on third-party websites and applications through a video embed or CCCure's API subject to your video privacy choices; (iii) allowing other users to play, download, and embed on third party websites the video, subject to your video privacy choices; (iii) promoting the CCCure Services, provided that you have made the video publicly available; and (iv) archiving or preserving the video for disputes, legal proceedings, or investigations.
LICENSE TO OTHER USERS: You further grant all users of the CCCure Services permission to view your videos for their personal, non-commercial purposes. This includes the right to copy and make derivative works from the videos solely to the extent necessary to view the videos. The foregoing licenses are in addition to any license you may decide to grant (e.g., a Creative Commons license).
DURATION OF LICENSES: The above licenses will continue unless and until you remove your videos from the CCCure Services, in which case the licenses will terminate within a commercially reasonable period of time. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the license for legal archival/preservation purposes will continue indefinitely. Please note that removed videos may be cached in search engine indices after removal and that CCCure has no control over such caching.
9.2 Non-video Content
As between you and CCCure, you own all non-video content that you submit to the CCCure Services. You grant CCCure and its affiliates a worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive, royalty-free license and the right to copy, transmit, distribute, publicly perform and display (through all media now known or hereafter created), and make derivative works from your non-video content. In addition, you waive any so-called "moral rights" in your non-video content. You further grant all users of the CCCure Services permission to view your non-video content for their personal, non-commercial purposes. If you make suggestions to CCCure on improving or adding new features to the CCCure Services, CCCure shall have the right to use your suggestions without any compensation to you.
10. Your Representations and Warranties
For each piece of content that you submit, you represent and warrant that: (i) you have the right to submit the content to CCCure and grant the licenses set forth above; (ii) CCCure will not need to obtain licenses from any third party or pay royalties to any third party; (iii) the content does not infringe any third party's rights, including intellectual property rights and privacy rights; and (iv) the content complies with this Agreement and all applicable laws.
11. Indemnification
You will indemnify, defend, and hold harmless CCCure and its affiliates, directors, officers, employees, and agents, from and against all third party actions that: (i) arise from your activities on the CCCure Services; (ii) assert a violation by you of any term of this Agreement; or (iii) assert that any content you submitted to CCCure violates any law or infringes any third party right, including any intellectual property or privacy right.
12. Third Party Copyrights and Other Rights
CCCure respects the intellectual property rights of others. If you believe that your copyright has been infringed or for any other intellectual property claims, please send us a notice at support@cccure.com.
13. Disclaimers
CCCure reserves the right to modify the CCCure Services. You are responsible for providing your own access (e.g., computer, mobile device, Internet connection, etc.) to the CCCure Services.
CCCure has no obligation to screen or monitor any content and does not guarantee that any content available on the CCCure Services complies with this Agreement or is suitable for all users.
CCCure provides the CCCure Services on an "as is" and "as available" basis. You, therefore, use the CCCure Services at your own risk. CCCure expressly disclaims any and all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement, and any other warranty that might arise under any law. Without limiting the foregoing, CCCure makes no representations or warranties:
That the CCCure Services will be permitted in your jurisdiction;
That the CCCure Services will be uninterrupted or error-free;
That the CCCure Services guarantees you will pass your exam;
Concerning any content submitted by any member;
Concerning any third party's use of content that you submit;
That any content you submit will be made available on the CCCure Services or will be stored by CCCure;
That the CCCure Services will meet your business or professional needs;
That CCCure will continue to support any particular feature of the CCCure Services; or
Concerning sites and resources outside of the CCCure Services, even if linked to from the CCCure Services.
To the extent any disclaimer or limitation of liability does not apply, all applicable express, implied, and statutory warranties will be limited in duration to a period of thirty (30) days after the date on which you first used the CCCure Services, and no warranties shall apply after such period.
14. Limitation of Liability
To the fullest extent permitted by law: (i) CCCure shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential, or exemplary damages, including but not limited to damages for loss of profits, goodwill, use, data, exam failure, lost of employment, or other intangible losses; and (ii) CCCure's total liability to you shall not exceed the amounts paid by you to CCCure over the twelve (12) months preceding your claim(s).
15.  General Provisions
GOVERNING LAW: This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Florida, United States of America, without regard to principles of conflicts of law. The Uniform Commercial Code, the Uniform Computer Information Transaction Act, and the United Nations Convention of Controls for International Sale of Goods shall not apply.
DISPUTES: Any action arising out of or relating to this Agreement or your use of the CCCure Services must be commenced in the state or federal courts located in Osceola County, Florida, United States of America (and you consent to the jurisdiction of those courts). In any such action, CCCure and you irrevocably waive any right to a trial by jury.
INTERPRETATION; SEVERABILITY; WAIVER; REMEDIES: Headings are for convenience only and shall not be used to construe the terms of this Agreement. If any term of this Agreement is found invalid or unenforceable by any court of competent jurisdiction, that term will be severed from this Agreement. No failure or delay by CCCure in exercising any right hereunder will waive any further exercise of that right. CCCure's rights and remedies hereunder are cumulative and not exclusive.
SUCCESSORS; ASSIGNMENT; NO THIRD PARTY BENEFICIARIES: This Agreement is binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of both parties and their respective successors, heirs, executors, administrators, personal representatives, and permitted assigns. You may not assign this Agreement without CCCure's prior written consent. No third party shall have any rights hereunder.
NOTICES: You consent to receive all communications including notices, agreements, disclosures, or other information from CCCure electronically. CCCure may provide all such communications by email or by posting them on the CCCure Websites. For support-related inquiries, you may contact us.
Nothing herein shall limit CCCure's right to object to subpoenas, claims, or other demands.
MODIFICATION: This Agreement may not be modified except by a revised Terms of Service posted by CCCure on the CCCure Site or a written amendment signed by an authorized representative of CCCure. A revised Terms of Service will be effective as of the date it is posted on the CCCure Site.
This Agreement constitutes the entire understanding between CCCure and you concerning the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings regarding the same.
END OF DOCUMENT.
Have a nice day.
Powered by CCCure
Overall Rating : 4.46
Quick Links
About The CCCure Quiz Engine
PAID Membership Details
BULK Membership Details
Terms and Conditions
What is a CVV and Where do I find it?
Contact Information
1080 Cypress Parkway, PMB 253
Kissimmee, Florida, 34759, USA
support@cccure.com
+1-407-479-3903
Follow Us
Share with us your view and
join us socially at
Copyrigh 2000-2020 Clement Dupuis/CCCure, All rights reserved.
Developed by: Evince Development
MEMBER LOGIN
Remember Me
Forgot Password?
Forgot Password ?
Enter your e-mail address below to reset your password.
Submit
NOTICE OF MAINTENANCE
The website will be down from Wednesday, 23:00 Hrs EST until Thursday 04:00 Hrs
We will complete our load balancing integration and do some performance tuning as well.
Thanks for your patience
The CCCure team.