http://www.pwcrack.com/privacy.shtml
PASSWORD CRACKERS PRIVACY POLICY
As computer security professionals, Password Crackers, Inc. respects the importance of information integrity, security, privacy and confidentiality. This philosophy extends to how we handle the data
you share with us. Protecting your privacy is a fundamental consideration in all our business activities, both online and offline.
In all of our operations Password Crackers, Inc. seeks to ensure the privacy and confidentiality of our customers and web site visitors. As an organization that routinely deals with sensitive
and confidential data belonging to our clients it is important to us that our clients and visitors understand our Privacy Policies.
Our website allows visitors to anonymously access all pages and content on the site.
No personal information is collected while visiting our site unless it is volunteered. Our site contains a number of forms that allow visitors to voluntarily submit personal information (such as name, address, phone, fax and email) to our organization.
Our website does not allow for our visitors to communicate with each other.
Our server logs information about activity on our website, but no personal information is logged by the server.
Our site does use cookies to store some information.
We do not use cookies to store personal data nor do we link non-personal information stored in cookies with personal data about specific individuals.
Cookies on our site are primarily used to manage referral or affiliate sales so that we can credit third parties who refer clients to us.  If you do not want cookies sent to your computer, you can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie. Then you can decide whether or not to accept it. If you reject cookies from Password Crackers, Inc., you will still be able to enter all areas of our site.
We do not collect information about our visitors from other sources, such as public records or bodies, or private organizations.
We do not attempt to match personal information that we collect with anonymous visitors to our site.
Our website does contain links to other third-party sites.
These links are clearly identified. Password Crackers, Inc. is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of those sites, nor do we guarantee the privacy of information you enter outside of our domain.
Typically, our clients submit data in the form of files to our organization for us to perform services work.
This data is only accessed to the extent necessary to perform the requested functions.
We only store client data until the requested work has been completed and the client has certified to us that we do not need to retain backup copies of the data.  At that point, all data files are deleted from our systems and servers.
Archival backup copies of client submitted data is not retained.
We do not disclose personal information to third parties. Our site does contain links to a third party credit card processor.
All payment and credit card information is transmitted by secure transmission methods and is encrypted.
Credit card numbers are not stored by our organization for any future use and no database of customer credit card information is collected or stored by Password Crackers, Inc.
Our organization retains records of our clients and their transactions. We also retain a record of emails that are sent to us and of information that is voluntarily submitted on our website.
We maintain a list of the current subscribers to our mailing list.
No additional records or personal information is stored or collected.
Our organization retains records of our clients and their transactions. We also retain a record of emails that are sent to us and of information that is voluntarily submitted on our website.
We maintain a list of the current subscribers to our mailing list.
No additional records or personal information is stored or collected.
We have implemented security policies, rules and technical measures to protect the personal data that we have under our control from, unauthorized access, improper use or disclosure, unauthorized
modification and unlawful destruction or accidental loss.
All our employees and data processors, which have access to, and are associated with the processing of personal data, are obliged to respect the confidentiality of our visitors' personal data.
We ensure that your personal data will not be disclosed to State institutions and authorities except if required by law or other regulation.
Password Crackers, Inc. does maintain an opt in email list of clients and web site visitors who may be interested in receiving regular communications from our organization.
Joining the list is entirely voluntary and no effort is made to automatically enroll any of our website visitors or to automatically capture visitor email addresses.
All requests to join our mailing list are double verified by requesting a second subscription verification email from the requested email address before adding anyone
to the mailing list. A subscriber may opt out of the mailing list at any time by sending an email to
pwcrack@pwcrack.com asking to be removed from the list. Each email that is sent to subscribers on the list also contains instructions
for being removed. To join the list click here.
It is the policy of Password Crackers, Inc. not to send unsolicited commercial email.  We communicate by email with individuals who have voluntarily submitted information through our website,
sent us an email or contacted us by other means and with those individuals with whom we have an existing business relationship or prior contact.
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our Privacy Policy. If our information practices change at some time in the future we
will contact those affected before we use their data for any new purposes, to notify them of the policy change and to provide them with the ability to opt out of these new uses.
If you have questions or concern about our privacy policy, please contact pwcrack@pwcrack.com. We will attempt to fulfill requests for information
regarding what information we have on file regarding an individual and we will attempt to correct any erroneous information.
Please read our instructions before sending files or payments.
The information on this web site is protected by copyright.
Except as specifically permitted, no portion of this web site
may be distributed or reproduced by any means, or in any form,
without Password Crackers, Inc.'s prior written permission. ©
2017 Password Crackers, Inc., USA. All rights reserved.