http://www.mindwhirl.com/privacy-policy/
Atlanta Marketing Firm | Mindwhirl
Home
Blog
Contact
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we have developed this Policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate and disclose and make use of personal information. The following outlines our privacy policy.
MINDWHIRL is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy applies to the MINDWHIRL Web site and governs data collection and usage. By using the MINDWHIRL website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
MINDWHIRL collects personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address or telephone number. MINDWHIRL also collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites.
There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by MINDWHIRL. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring Web site addresses. This information is used by MINDWHIRL for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the MINDWHIRL Web site.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through MINDWHIRL public message boards, this information may be collected and used by others. Note: MINDWHIRL does not read any of your private online communications.
MINDWHIRL encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites you choose to link to from MINDWHIRL so that you can understand how those Web sites collect, use and share your information. MINDWHIRL is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of the MINDWHIRL and MINDWHIRL family of Web sites.
Use of your Personal Information
MINDWHIRL collects and uses your personal information to operate the MINDWHIRL Web site and deliver the services you have requested. MINDWHIRL also uses your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from MINDWHIRL and its affiliates. MINDWHIRL may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
MINDWHIRL does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. MINDWHIRL may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party. In addition, MINDWHIRL may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to MINDWHIRL, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
MINDWHIRL does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
MINDWHIRL keeps track of the Web sites and pages our customers visit within MINDWHIRL, in order to determine what MINDWHIRL services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within MINDWHIRL to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
MINDWHIRL Web sites will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on MINDWHIRL or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of MINDWHIRL; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of MINDWHIRL, or the public.
Use of Cookies
The MINDWHIRL Web site use “cookies” to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize MINDWHIRL pages, or register with MINDWHIRL site or services, a cookie helps MINDWHIRL to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same MINDWHIRL Web site, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the MINDWHIRL features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the MINDWHIRL services or Web sites you visit. Security of your Personal Information MINDWHIRL secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure.
MINDWHIRL secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other Web sites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
Changes to this Statement
MINDWHIRL will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. MINDWHIRL encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how MINDWHIRL is protecting your information. Contact Information MINDWHIRL welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that MINDWHIRL has not adhered to this Statement, please contact MINDWHIRL.
Read our Terms and Conditions.
LISTEN to the Podcast
Mindwhirl Marketing Podcast - marketing strategies that grow your business by aligning Sales and Marketing.
Ep 21 – My Experience Buying Enterprise SoftwareLISTEN to the Mindwhirl Marketing … [Read More...]Sales Enablement – Align Sales and Marketing with ContentIn this video, we are going to get … [Read More...]Ep 20 – Bad Black Friday OffersLISTEN to the Mindwhirl Marketing … [Read More...]
Connect with Us
Visit us on Facebook
Visit us on Twitter
Visit us on LinkedIn
Visit us on YouTube
Visit us on Instagram
Listen to the Podcast
Listen on Apple Podcasts
Listen on Google Podcast
Listen on Stitcher
Listen on Spotify
Contact Us
Contact
Phone: (770) 295-8660
Email: smiller@mindwhirl.com
Have a Question?
Contact us directly
Admin Links
Privacy
Terms
Site Map
Google+
Return to top of page© 2020 Atlanta Marketing Firm | Mindwhirl • All Rights Reserved.