http://www.phdinc.com/legal/?content=privacy
phdinfo@phdinc.com
(800) 624-8511
Find My Distributor
Distributor Login
PHD is a manufacturer of critical components that support the medical, water, and food and beverage industries. As such, we are considered an "essential business" and our facilities are fully operational.
Go
Menu
Home
Products
Standard Categories
View All Products
Standard Categories
View All Products
ClampsGrippersLinear SlidesCylindersMultiMotionSwitches & SensorsEscapementsRotary ActuatorsBlow Molding EquipmentTriAxis
Specific Categories
Unique SolutionsPHD Plus ElectricClassicNewOptimaxPneu-ConnectModular Accessories
Industries
Industries
Industry Detail
Industries
Industry Detail
AluminumAsphaltAutomotiveBatteryFood & BeverageGlassLaundryMedicalPackagingPrintingRoboticSemiconductorStretch Blow MoldingTireWorkholding
E-Tools
E-Tools
Learn More
E-Tools
Learn More
CAD AppSizing AppDesign Process GuideCV-SCFMLearn.phdinc.comUnit Conversion
Resources
Product Catalogs
Literature
Resource Request
Application Examples
Social Media
Mobile Apps
Support
Application Assistance
Customer Service
Find My Distributor
Knowledgebase / FAQ
My Product Lookup
Replacement Parts
Warranty
About
Company Information
Blog
Events
About MDN
Quality Management
Sustainability
Careers
About Fort Wayne
Contact
Get more out of your PHD experience.
Learn more about myPHD
Join Now
OR
Sign in
Privacy PolicyPHDLegalPrivacy Policy
Please read all these provisions (“terms”) carefully before using this website.
Using this website indicates your agreement and acceptance of these terms. If you do not accept these terms, do not use this website or download materials from this site.
The Site and its Use
The PHD, Inc ("PHD") websites are owned and provided by PHD, Inc from its offices in Fort Wayne, Indiana, USA. The websites of PHD, Inc's subsidiaries and affiliated companies are each owned and provided by such subsidiaries and companies.
For purposes herein, PHD, Inc and its subsidiaries and affiliated companies are collectively referred to as "PHD." The applicable website or sites are referred to herein as the "site." Each site is provided for your personal information and non-commercial use.
Please feel free to browse the Site; however, your access to and use of the site is subject to the following Terms and all applicable laws:
You shall use the site for lawful purposes only.
You shall not post or transmit through the site any information or material which violates or infringes, in any way, the rights of others, or which is unlawful, threatening, abusive, defamatory, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, vulgar, obscene, profane, harassing, or otherwise objectionable.
Nor shall you post or transmit through the site any information or material which encourages conduct that would constitute a criminal offense, give rise to liability or otherwise violate any law or administrative ruling or guidelines, is in violation of these Terms, or which, without PHD's prior written approval, contain advertising or any solicitation with respect to products or services.
Any conduct by you that, in PHD's opinion, restricts or inhibits any other user from using or enjoying the site will not be permitted.
The site contains information and material, including, but not limited to, text, software, photos, video, graphics and audio, (collectively "Materials") which are derived in whole or in part from information and materials supplied by PHD and other sources, and are protected by international copyright, trademark and other laws and the entire content of the site is copyrighted as a collective work under the United States Copyright Laws.
PHD owns the copyright in the overall selection, coordination, arrangement and enhancement of such content, and owns the rights in, or license to use, the individual components of such content. Materials may not be copied, reproduced, republished, modified, uploaded, posted, transmitted or distributed in any way or decompiled, reverse engineered or disassembled, including but not limited to the text, images, audio and/or video, as well as any software (including but not limited to any images or files incorporated in or generated by the software or data accompanying such software), except that you may download one copy of the Materials on any single computer for your personal, non-commercial use only, provided you keep intact all copyright, trademark and other proprietary notices and make no change in or deletion of author attribution.
This limited authorization is not a transfer of title in the Materials and by your use of the site, you acknowledge that you do not acquire any license, ownership or other rights to the Materials.
Modification of the Materials or use of the Materials for any other purpose is a violation of PHD's or such other sources' copyright, trademark and other proprietary rights and may violate other laws.
The use of any such Materials on any other website or networked computer or environment is prohibited without PHD's express written consent. If you breach any of these Terms, your authorization to use the site automatically terminates and you must immediately destroy any downloaded or printed Materials.
Disclaimer
The site and materials and related communications are provided “as is” without any representations or warranties, express or implied, of any kind, including, but not limited to, warranties of merchantability, non-infringement, or fitness for particular purpose..
Some jurisdictions do not allow for the exclusion of implied warranties, so the above exclusions of implied warranties may not be applicable under certain circumstances. Under these circumstances, all other exclusions remain in force.
PHD does not warrant the accuracy, reliability or completeness of any information contained on this site. Nor does it warrant or represent that any information may be suitable for use in any circumstance or application. By using this site you acknowledge that any reliance on any such materials, advice, statement or information shall be at your sole risk.
PHD assumes no responsibility and shall not be liable for any damages of any nature caused by the use of this site. This express disclaimer includes damages caused by viruses, worms, trojans or any other computer software or anomaly that may infect, affect, or damage your computer hardware, software, memory or any other property of yours or others, as a result of your access to, use of, or browsing in this site.
Third-Party Sites
PHD may provide as a convenience to you, links to Web sites operated by other entities and persons, but makes no representations whatsoever about any other Web site which you may access through this one. Any link to a non-PHD website does not mean that PHD endorses or accepts any responsibility for the content, or the use of such Web site.
If you use these sites, you do so at your own risk. PHD makes no warranty or representation regarding, and does not sponsor or endorse, any linked websites or the information or materials appearing thereon or any of products and services described thereon.
Furthermore, links do not imply that PHD is affiliated or associated with, or that any linked site is authorized to use any trademark, trade name, logo, or copyright of PHD.
Third Party Content
Any opinions, statements, services, offers or other information or content expressed or made available in the site by any third party are those of the respective author(s) or distributor(s) and not of PHD.
Limitation of Liability
Your use and browsing of the site is at your risk. If you are dissatisfied with any of the Materials contained in the site, or with any of these Terms, your sole and exclusive remedy is to discontinue accessing and using the site.
Under no circumstances will PHD, its suppliers or other third parties mentioned at, or involved in creating, producing, or delivering the site be liable for any direct, incidental, consequential, indirect, special or punitive damages whatsoever (including without limitation, costs and expenses of any type incurred, lost profits, lost data or programs, and business interruption) arising out of your access to, use, inability to use or the results of use of the site any Web sites linked to the site, or any materials contained at any or all such sites (including but not limited to those caused by or resulting from a failure of performance; error; omission; linking to other Web sites; interruption; deletion; defect; delay in operation or transmission; computer virus; communication line failure; or destruction, unauthorized access to, alteration of, or use of any computer or system), whether based on warranty, contract, tort, negligence, strict liability, or any other legal theory and whether or not PHD was advised of the possibility of such damages.
PHD shall have no liability or responsibility for any acts, omissions, or conduct of any user or third party.
PHD's obligations and responsibilities regarding its products and services are governed solely by PHD's terms and conditions of sale or license under which such products and services are sold or licensed. Copies of such terms and conditions are available from the applicable PHD entity.
No Consent to Jurisdiction
It is agreed that the availability for use of this website shall not subject PHD, Inc., its subsidiaries or affiliated companies to the jurisdiction of courts outside the United States.
Safe Harbor
The Materials at the site may contain various forward-looking statements and which may be based on or include assumptions, concerning PHD's operations, future results and prospects. These forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and are subject to risk and uncertainties.
In connection with the "safe harbor" provisions of the United States' Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, PHD provides the following cautionary statement identifying important economic, political and technology factors which, among others, could cause the actual results or events to differ materially from those set forth or implied by the forward-looking statements and related assumptions.
Such factors include the following:
changes in the current and future business environment, including interest rates and capital and consumer spending;
competitive factors and competitor responses to PHD's initiatives;
successful development and market introductions of anticipated products;
changes in government laws and regulations, including taxes;
unstable governments and business conditions in emerging economies;
continuation of the favorable environment to make acquisitions, domestic and foreign, including regulatory requirements and market values of candidates.
Information Provided By You
It has been and remains PHD's policy not to accept or consider ideas, suggestions or materials other than those that PHD has specifically requested from you. Accordingly, PHD does not want you to, and you should not, send any confidential or proprietary information to PHD through the site unless specifically requested by PHD. Please note that any unsolicited information or material sent to PHD will be deemed not to be confidential or proprietary.
By submitting information and material to the site, you automatically grant to PHD (or warrant that the owner of such information and material has expressly granted to PHD) a royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, unrestricted, right and license to use, reproduce, display, perform, modify, adapt, publish, translate, transmit and distribute, or otherwise make available to other such information and material (in whole or in part and for any purpose) worldwide and/or to incorporate it in other works in any form, media, or technology now known or hereafter developed. You also agree that PHD is free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how, or techniques that you send PHD for any purpose.
As further provided above, PHD does not want to receive, and you are deemed to covenant and agree through the use of the site not to provide, any information or materials to PHD that are defamatory, threatening, obscene, harassing, in violation of any law, governmental requirements or otherwise unlawful, or that incorporate the proprietary information or materials of another person or entity.
You shall not upload, post or otherwise make available on the site any information and material protected by copyright, trademark or other proprietary right without the express written permission of the owner of such right(s).
You shall be solely liable for any damages resulting from any infringement of copyright, proprietary rights, or any other harm resulting from such a submission.
Changes
PHD reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to revise these Terms at any time and correct any errors or omissions in any portion of the site and Materials. Materials may also be changed, modified, added, or removed and updated without notice at any time; however, PHD is under no obligation to update Materials.
PHD may also make changes in the products, services, programs, or prices (if any) described in the site at any time without notice. Your continued use of the site after any change PHD makes to the site will be considered acceptance of those changes.
You should revisit these Terms from time to time to review the then-current Terms because they are binding on you.
Linking to site
Anyone linking to PHD's site must comply with PHD's guidelines for linking to PHD's site and all applicable laws.
International Users
The site is administered by PHD from its offices in the United States. Materials published at the Site may refer to products, programs, or services that are not available in your country. Consult your local PHD business contact in this regard.
Furthermore, PHD makes no representation that the Materials at the site are appropriate or available for use at other locations outside of the United States and access to them from territories where their contents are illegal is prohibited.
You may not use the Site or export information and materials in violation of the export laws of the United States or any other country. If you access the site from a location outside of the United States, you are responsible for compliance with all applicable laws.
Governing Law
These Terms shall be governed by the laws of the State of Indiana, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of law. If any provision of this Agreement and Terms shall be unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable then that provision shall be severable from these Terms and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.
These Terms constitute the entire agreement between PHD and you with respect to your use of the site. Any cause of action you may have with respect to your use of the site must be commenced within six (6) months after the claim or cause of action arises.
Web Site Privacy Statement
For purposes herein, PHD, Inc and its subsidiaries and affiliated companies are collectively referred to as "PHD." This web site and its subsidiaries web sites are owned and operated by PHD, Inc ("PHD"). PHD may collect personal and non-personal information on any of their Sites. We have created this Privacy Statement in order to describe and explain to users our practices concerning information collected from users of these Sites. If you have any questions or concerns in connection with PHD's information collection practice summarized in this Privacy Statement, please send an email, with the subject heading "Privacy Statement Question" to cs.requests@phdinc.com. In the email, please state your questions or concerns.
PHD is committed to providing services to our customers and visitors to our site in compliance with applicable laws and regulations in general and data privacy laws such as the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and
California Privacy Act (CCPA) in particular.
We seek to partner with our customers and users to help them understand how we achieve data privacy compliance while still enabling our Clients and users to benefit from the use of our services available on this web site.
What Information is Collected and How We Use It
Our Site is currently designed to inform interested users about PHD's products and services and to collect certain contact information from such users (including but not limited to name, email, street address and phone number). The submission of personal information is voluntary but required to use certain portions of the Sites effectively. We may use the personal information that users provide us for various purposes including:
provide user accounts to allow users to navigate the sites without having to re-enter preferences or passwords
to contact a user about the products or services available on this Site as well as other products or services that we think may be of interest. This includes sharing information with our third party partners or our affiliated companies;
by use of surveys to obtain feedback on our products, our web site, or on other aspects of our business that impact a user as a PHD customer;
to send promotional materials;
to provide our free email newsletter
We do not sell or disclose personal information about our website visitors but we reserve the right to disclose or otherwise share information that users provide us on this Site with third party partners or our affiliated companies for promotional or other purposes. Also, we may use a third party service provider to collect, process, store, or otherwise handle information on our behalf.
Information Collected if You Only Browse this Site
During your visit to our Web site even if you do nothing but browse, read pages, or download information, we do gather and store certain information about your visit to help in our sales and marketing efforts. Some of the information automatically collected and stored includes the following:
The Internet Protocol (IP) Address and domain name used. This address is a numerical identifier assigned either to your Internet service provider or directly to your computer.
The Internet Protocol Address is necessary in order to direct Internet traffic to you. This address may be translated to determine the domain name of your service provider (e.g. companyxyz.com or yourschool.edu)
The type of browser and operating system you are using
The date and time you visited this site
The web pages or services you accessed at this site
Referring web page.
The information we automatically collect or store is logged and used by PHD to improve the content of our web services and to help us understand how people are using our services. PHD analyzes this information to determine how our Web site is being used, so that we may continually improve the site's usefulness to the public.
Information about Cookies, Google Analytics and other third party services
Cookies are very small text files stored on your computer by your web browser. Some areas of our web site places a cookie on your computer to recognize your preferences and in some cases reduce the number of times you need to enter your personal information or your password. This website also uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (Google Privacy Policies) and other third party services which use javascript and cookies to help us analyze how visitors use the site.
You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser. If cookies are refused, you will still be able to use our website, and anonymous data will still be collected in our internal transaction logs. But certain features and functions of the web sites may not be available to you. By accepting cookies, you consent to the processing of data in the manner and for the purposes set out in this privacy notice.
Links to Other Web Sites
As a convenience to visitors, our Web site may contain links to other public or private entities' Web sites. PHD is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites. It is recommended that users read the individual privacy policy statements of each Web site they visit.
Changes to this Privacy Statement
If we later change our Privacy Statement, we will post a new privacy statement on this Site so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.
Updating and Correcting Information
We believe you should have the ability to access and edit the personal information that you have provided to us. You may change any of your personally identifiable information in your account by writing us at:
PHD, Inc.
9009 Clubridge Drive
Fort Wayne, IN 46809
cs.requests@phdinc.com
Please include your name, address, and/or e-mail address when you contact us. We encourage you to promptly update your personally identifiable information if it ever changes. You may ask to have the information on your account deleted or removed; however, because We keep track of past transactions, you cannot delete information associated with past transactions on this Site. In addition, it may be impossible to completely delete your information without some residual information because of backups.
Legal
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
9009 Clubridge Drive
Fort Wayne, IN 46809
Phone: (800) 624-8511
Email: phdinfo@phdinc.com
About PHD
Company Info
About MDN
Quality System
Careers
Site map
Support
Contact Customer Service
Application Assistance
Find My Distributor
Knowledgebase / FAQ
Parts
Warranty Info
International
Subscribe to PHD News
Get It
Check out the
latest news and buzz
2020 © PHD Inc. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms of Service