http://www.tecedu.com/online-store/terms-of-use/
Experienced Provider of Design-to-Manufacturing Solutions & Teaching Labs
1.800.338.2238
info@TECedu.com
Facebook
Pinterest Linkedin Twitter Google+
Facebook
Pinterest Linkedin Twitter Google+
Terms of Use
Academic products available through purchase at Tech Ed Concepts, Inc. are full, current commercial-version software and publications that have been discounted for academic use. Software purchased under “academic/educational” terms are not to be gifted, granted or resold for any reason. The price paid does not include or reflect any updates. Maintenance and technical support arrangements are made under separate agreements. All inquiries and/or additional requests to the software vendor/manufacturer must be made through the academic distributor.
This material at this website may contain inaccuracies and typographical, may be incomplete or out of date. Material at this website may be changed, removed or supplemented at any time by Tech Ed Concepts, Inc. without any notice of any kind.
Use of Software
All software sold by Tech Ed Concepts, Inc. is subject to terms of use as set forth in the applicable software end user license agreement packaged with the software, including software that is available to be downloaded from this website.
Pricing Policy
In the event a product is listed at an incorrect price or with incorrect information due to typographical error or error in pricing, Tech Ed Concepts, Inc. will attempt to contact the customer to advise of the correct pricing. TEC, Inc. shall have the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for product listed at the incorrect price. If your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is cancelled, Tech Ed Concepts, Inc. shall immediately issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the charge.
Links to other Websites
Tech Ed Concepts, Inc. does not monitor or control the content of any other website and specifically disclaims any liability or responsibility of any kind for any material appearing at any such website.
Privacy Policy
Tech Ed Concepts, Inc. will not rent or sell your name, address, email address, credit card information or personal information to any third party without your permission. However, we must cooperate fully should a situation arise where we are required by law or legal process to provide information about a customer.
Where Tech Ed Concepts, Inc. is not the manufacturer of a product that you purchase from the TEC Webstore, we may supply your name, address, and email address to the manufacturer of the product to identify you as the manufacturer’s customer or licensee.
If you have purchased from the TEC Webstore or subscribed to one of our newsletters, we may occasionally update you via email of special opportunities or promotions.
We reserve the right to change our privacy policy and any other policy referred to on this website at any time and without any notice. You should review this section of our website periodically to ensure that you are aware of the most recent policies.
Search Our Website
Search for:
Stay Connected!!!
Name*Email*
NameThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Technology Education Concepts
Login
Sign Up
Remember me
Forgot Password?
Sign In
I accept the
Terms of Service and Privacy Policy
Sign Up
Lost your password? Please enter your username or email address. You will receive a link to create a new password via email.
Have a Question?