https://www.magmadigital.co.uk/cookie-policy/
Search...
Search
Recent Posts
Industrial Revolution
Agile Business
Apprentice Software Engineer
Student Placement
Human Response to Change
Popular Posts
The Map is not the Territory
75% of Mergers and Acquisitions Fail Due to Unsuccessful Software System Integration
The Top 10 British Inventions
Segmentation fault using RPM
Inspiration from Innocent’s Sustainable Business Model
Cookie Policy
What is this Cookie Policy for?
The cookie policy for this website
and served by Magma Digital governs the privacy of its users who choose to use it.
The cookie policy sets out the different areas where user privacy is concerned and outlines the obligations & requirements of the users, the website and website owners. Furthermore, the way this website processes, stores and protects user data and information will also be detailed within this policy.
The Website
This website and its owners take a proactive approach to user privacy and ensure the necessary steps are taken to protect the privacy of its users throughout their visiting experience. This website complies to all UK national laws and requirements for user privacy.
Use of Cookies
This website uses cookies to improve the users experience while navigating the website. Where applicable this website uses a cookie control system allowing the user on their first visit to the website to allow or disallow the use of cookies on their computer / device. The cookie policy complies with recent legislation requirements for website’s to obtain explicit consent from users before leaving behind or reading files such as cookies on a user’s computer / device.
Cookies are small files saved to the user’s computers hard drive that track, save and store information about the user’s interactions and usage of the website. This allows the website, through its server to provide the users with a tailored experience within this website.
Users are advised, that if they wish to deny the use and saving of cookies from this website on to their computers hard drive, they should take necessary steps within their web browsers security settings to block all cookies from this website and it’s external serving vendors.
This website uses tracking software to monitor its visitors to better understand how they use it. This software is provided by Google Analytics which uses cookies to track visitor usage. The software will save a cookie to your computers hard drive in order to track and monitor your engagement and usage of the website, but will not store, save or collect personal information. You can read Google’s privacy policy here for further information [ http://www.google.com/privacy.html ].
Other cookies may be stored on your computers hard drive by external vendors when this website uses referral programs, sponsored links or adverts. Such cookies are used for conversion and referral tracking and typically expire after 30 days, though some may take longer. No personal information is stored, saved or collected.
Contact & Communication
Users contacting this website and/or its owners do so at their own discretion and provide any such personal details requested at their own risk. Your personal information is kept private and stored securely until a time it is no longer required or has no use, as detailed in the Data Protection Act 1998. Every effort has been made to ensure a safe and secure form to email submission process but advises users using such form to email processes that they do so at their own risk.
This website and its owners use any information submitted to provide you with further information about the products / services they offer or to assist you in answering any questions or queries you may have submitted. This includes using your details to subscribe you to any email newsletter program the website operates but only if this was made clear to you and your express permission was granted when submitting any form to email process. Or whereby you the consumer have previously purchased from or enquired about purchasing from the company a product or service that the email newsletter relates to. This is by no means an entire list of your user rights in regard to receiving email marketing material.
Your details are not passed on to any third parties.
@magma_digital
Got a great idea but need a software engineer to make it happen? Need a friendly conversation about the tech & your business idea?
Sound helpful?
Then we're here for you: call Bobby on 0845 2416460
or email info@magmadigital.co.uk https://t.co/yPnfgNhs1q
17th August, 2020
Request a callback.
Would you like to speak to one of our team? Just fill out the form below to submit your details and
preferred
method of contact and we’ll get back to
you very soon.
You’re also very welcome to email us on info@magmadigital.co.uk.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.
Ok