http://www.winencrypt.com/privacy-policy.htm
Home
Products
WinEncrypt CryptArchiver Lite
WinEncrypt CryptArchiver
WinEncrypt CryptArchiver Traveler
Easy Password Creator
Purchase
Online Store
Current Offers
Resources
Product Datasheets
White Papers
Case Studies
Legal and Statutory Information
Authored Articles
Security Best Practices
Partners
Reseller & Affiliate Programs
Affiliate FAQs
Co-branding & Bundling
Support
Knowledge Base
Product Manuals
Support Desk
Submit a Ticket
My Tickets
My Account
Company
Corporate Profile
Customers
Careers
Contact Us
Awards and Testimonials
Keep your important files away from prying eyes.
Create virtual "Encrypted Drives" upto 20 GB in size.
Uses strong 448-bit Blowfish and 256-bit AES encryption.
Easy to use, just drag-and-drop!
Password-protects all types of files and folders.
Get it now
Download
Testimonials
"I now use it daily.. it's an excellent package! I can protect an entire drive with just one password, and it's so quick and easy too..."
– J.C. Green, Preston.
"You have a great product in WinEncrypt! .. high quality feel and very reliable. I work for a Fire Dept. and use it daily... Thanks."
– Jeff (Soquel, CA).
Current Software Version
WinEncrypt CryptArchiverLatest Release Ver 5.2.7.0Released on 17 November 2014
Download theFREE edition now
Data Protection & Privacy Policy
We at WinEncrypt are in the business of selling encryption software and cryptography solutions. We do not sell, rent, or release your personal information under any circumstances. We strongly believe in the sanctity of privacy. We are absolutely committed to maintaining the trust and confidence of our customers, and visitors to our web site. We will not sell, rent or trade your personal information under any circumstances.
We do not keep any sensitive information.
In cases where we do keep support information about visitors to our site and the E-mail addresses of people who write to us, we store it in our off-line secure computing environment, not on the web. We store this information, but we do not sell it or release it to third parties. We may track domain names, IP addresses, and browser types from people who visit our site. We use this information to track overall traffic and load patterns throughout our websites. Visitor statistics are not correlated with any personal information.
We do NOT receive credit-card numbers under any circumstances.
Visitors who choose to purchase WinEncrypt products are redirected to our payment processing service at www.swreg.org. Information collected during the registration includes a name, e-mail address, telephone number, billing address, shipping address product order number, price and quantity, and order details. Our payment processing service notifies us of processed orders.
We hate spam too.
We do not contact you (via email or any other form of communication), except when specifically requested to do so for support purposes. The only exception to this rule may be made in the event we need to give you an updated version of the software for issues relating to the security and integrity of your data.
We do not use cookies to track information about a user's movements throughout our site. The only time we use cookies is to confirm sales accruing from our affiliates. However, when making a purchase, users are redirected to our payment processing service who may use and/or require the use of cookies for placing an order online.
Need to know more?
If you have any questions or comments about this policy, our services, or your experience with us, you can use the customer support page on our site, or write directly to the WinEncrypt Support Dept.
WinEncryptTM, CryptArchiverTM, CryptArchiver TravelerTM,FShieldTM and all associated marks and logos on this website are trademarks, registered trademarks and service marks of Psaltech Software Pvt. Ltd. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2005-2020, Psaltech.
Site Map
|
Privacy Policy
Related Info:
data encryption |
data encryption software
|
data protection |
data security |
disk encryption software
|
encrypt folders |
encrypt usb |
encryption |
encryption products |
encryption program |
encryption security software
|
encryption software |
encryption usb |
file encryption |
folder protection |
folder security |
free
password protection software |
hard drive encryption software
|
hardware encryption |
how to encryption |
internet security |
laptop encryption software
|
lock drive | lock files |
lock folder |
password encryption |
password protect files |
password protect folders windows |
password protection software |
windows encryption