http://www.slickedit.com/about/legal/terms-of-use
Terms of Use
These Terms of Use ("Terms of Use") constitute the entire agreement, and the
only agreement, between SlickEdit Inc. ("SlickEdit") and you ("You" or "you")
regarding use of SlickEdit's web site located at http://www.slickedit.com (the
"Web Site").
YOUR USE OF THE WEB SITE WILL BE GOVERNED BY THESE TERMS OF USE AND WILL BE
CONDITIONED UPON YOUR ASSENT TO THESE TERMS OF USE. PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF
USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THE WEB SITE, AS USING THE WEB SITE WILL INDICATE
YOUR ASSENT TO THESE TERMS OF USE. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS OF USE,
THEN DO NOT USE THE WEB SITE.
1. SlickEdit owns and retains the copyrights and other proprietary rights in the
Web Site, except for material in the public domain. All copyrightable material
displayed on this Web Site is copyrighted and may not be copied, performed,
displayed, distributed, published, redistributed, transmitted or retransmitted
without permission of the copyright owner, except as set forth in Sections 2 and
3 below. No user may remove, alter or cover any copyright or other proprietary
notices placed on the Web Site, including all materials found on this Web Site.
2. You may freely download material from this Web Site for your informational
purposes only and only for your personal, non-commercial use. You may not,
however, distribute, modify, transmit, reuse, repost or use any of such
materials for public or commercial purposes, without SlickEdit's express written
permission. All copyright and other proprietary notices contained in downloaded
materials must be retained.
3. Except as set forth above, nothing contained herein shall be construed as
conferring by implication, estoppel or otherwise any license or right under any
patent or trademark of SlickEdit or any third party. Except as expressly set
forth above, nothing contained herein shall be construed as conferring any
license or right under any SlickEdit copyright.
4. This Web Site may provide, or third parties may provide, links to other
Internet sites or resources. Because SlickEdit has no control over such sites
and resources, You acknowledge and agree that SlickEdit is not responsible for
the availability of such external sites or resources, and does not endorse and
is not responsible or liable for any content, advertising, products, or other
materials on or available from such sites or resources. SlickEdit will not be
responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or
alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such
content, goods or web site available on or through any such site or resource.
5. Documents and other information published by SlickEdit on the Web Site are
provided "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NONINFRINGEMENT. SlickEdit shall not under
any circumstances be liable to any person for any special, incidental, indirect
or consequential damages, including, without limitation, damages resulting from
use of or reliance on the information presented, loss of profits or revenues or
costs of replacement goods, even if informed in advance of the possibility of
such damages.
6. Every effort has been made to ensure the accuracy of the information
presented. However, SlickEdit assumes no responsibility for the accuracy of the
information contained in the Site.
7. The Web Site also may notify You of changes to the Terms of Use or other
matters by displaying notices or links to notices on the Web Site. SlickEdit
reserves the right at any time and from time to time to modify or discontinue,
temporarily or permanently, the Web Site (or any part thereof) with or without
notice. SlickEdit will not be liable to You or any third party for any
termination, modification, or suspension of the Web Site.
8. All products, services and brand names used on the Web Site that refer to
non-SlickEdit products and services are trademarks or registered trademarks of
the owners of such products, services and/or brands. The mention of other
products, services or brands on the Web Site shall not, in itself, imply that
SlickEdit has any trademark license to such product names or brands.
9. By submitting any software (including, but not limited to macros), feedback
or suggestions using the Web Site (collectively the "Submitted Materials"), you
warrant and represent that you own or otherwise control the rights necessary to
do so and you hereby grant SlickEdit and its affiliated companies an
irrevocable, perpetual, transferable worldwide license to:
Use, modify, copy, distribute, transmit, publicly display, publicly
perform, reproduce, publish, sublicense, create derivative works from,
transfer, or sell any such Submitted Materials; and
Sublicense to third parties the unrestricted right to exercise any of
the foregoing rights granted with respect to the Submitted Materials.
The foregoing grants shall include the right to exploit any proprietary rights
in such Submitted Materials, including but not limited to rights under
copyright, trademark, service mark or patent laws under any relevant
jurisdiction. No compensation will be paid with respect to SlickEdit's use of
the Submitted Materials. Slickedit is under no obligation to post or use any
Submitted Materials and may remove Submitted Materials at any time in
Slickedit's sole discretion.
This section is inapplicable to any personally identifiable information that you
provide in connection with your registration for the Site. For terms and
conditions governing use of such information, please refer to the Site's Privacy
Policy.
10. North Carolina law and controlling U.S. federal law govern any action
related to these Terms of Use. No choice of law rules of any jurisdiction apply.
The parties specifically disclaim the U.N. Convention on Contracts for the
International Sale of Goods. You and SlickEdit agree to submit to the personal
and exclusive jurisdiction of the courts located within the county of Wake,
North Carolina.
If you have any questions regarding these Terms of Use or the Web Site, please
contact SlickEdit by e-mail to info@slickedit.com.
Revised November 2003