https://www.nuvation.com/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Request A Quote
Privacy Policy
PrivacyNuvation knows that you care how your information is used and shared, and we appreciate your trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly. This notice describes our privacy policy. By visiting www.nuvation.com or any other nuvation.com website, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Notice.Information CollectionAt various locations on our website, we may request that you provide us with Personal Information such as your name, company, address, phone number and/or email address for a variety of reasons.  Submission of this information is done voluntarily.  You are not required to provide any information to use our website.  If you choose to give use Personal Information, we will collect and retain that information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.We use cookies and web beacons to personalize your online experience and enhance our services.  Cookies are an industry-wide technology that collects site specific information and preferences on your computer.  Browser settings can be adjusted to notify of or reject a cookie before it is stored on your hard drive.  Web beacons record anonymous data about visits to our website.  Our web beacons do not collect personal data.Information UseWe use your Personal Information to provide you with the product and/or service information you requested.  In addition, your Personal Information is utilized to customize our services to you in online and offline transactions.We use web beacons and anonymous data about our visitors to understand our website’s demographics, such as the geographic distribution of our users, the number of users visiting a certain location, a combination of these and/or other statistics.  This is done to improve our website in effectively meeting your needs.Information DisclosureAt times, we may disclose your Personal Information to select third parties to assist us in providing services or for other legitimate business purposes.  Third parties who have such access are only provided the minimum amount of information necessary to complete the requested service and may not use the information for a different purpose.  We will not provide email addresses to any third parties for outbound marketing purposes such as newsletters or solications.Children’s PrivacyWe do not target this website to children under the age of thirteen and we do not knowingly collect or solicit Personal Information from children under the age of thirteen. If we discover we have collected any information from a child under the age of thirteen, we will delete that information immediately from our system.LinksLinks may be provided on this site operated by third party websites that not covered by this policy.  We encourage you to review the privacy policy on those websites before providing any Personal Information.SecurityAs we deem appropriate, we use a combination of industry standard security measures to protect your information.  However, there is always some risk in the transmission of data over the Internet.Contact UsIf you have any questions or comments about privacy on this website, please send us an e-mail at feedback@nuvation.com or via regular mail to:Nuvation Research CorpATTN: Website Privacy151 Gibraltar CourtSunnyvale, California 94089 USALast updated: May 2013
Get Connected
twitter
facebook
linkedin
youtube
+Sitemap
+Sitemap
Header Sitemap Navigation
About Us +
Innovate for the Future
Standards and Certifications
Our Partners
Contact Us
Newsroom
The Garage +
Air Hockey Robot
DiscoFish
Electric Vehicles
Robots
Other Projects
Careers
Nuvation Energy
Main Sitemap Navigation
Solutions +
Turnkey Product Development
Transition to Manufacturing
Internet of Things
Energy Storage Solutions
Services +
Hardware Design
Embedded Software
FPGA Design
Wireless Design
Analog Design
Power Design
Product Design
Main Sitemap Right Navigation
Electronic Design Services +
Solutions
Services
Solutions by Market +
Medical Device Design
Life Sciences
Data Acquisition and Controls
Energy Storage Solutions
Video Design
Test & Measurement
Defense & Aerospace
Robotics
Industrial Automation
Consumer Electronics
Telecom - Datacom
Project Examples
Request a Quote
Footer Sitemap Navigation
Privacy Policy
About Us
Discover The Ways We Can Help
Solutions & Services
Find Out What Makes Us Different
Our NPI Process
Case Studies and Accolades
Project Examples