https://www.procureware.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
This policy that applies to the ProcureWare corporate website at www.procureware.com.
Consent
By using our website, you consent to the collection and use of information as described herein.
Collection and Use of Personal Data
ProcureWare collects, uses, and retains information when you subscribe to our blog and news feed and when you fill out a contact form to view website content or request additional information. We collect information directly from website visitors and using third party services that may include:
Name
Email address
Company affiliation
Telephone number
Name of the domain from which you access our site
Keywords that you used in searching the Internet that brought you to our website
Internet address of the web site from which you linked directly to our site
Type of web browsing software you use to the website
Date and time you access our site
Cookies
We employ the use of cookies as a means to deliver personalized content. This includes tracking the pages viewed and links clicked by visitors to the website. Cookies also allow us to monitor and measure traffic coming from affiliate advertisers and to use re-targeting ads provided by third parties that deliver ads to users who have visited our website.
Communications
If you have provided your email and/or telephone number to us, we may communicate with you regarding news, promotions, and sales offers that we believe may be of interest. You have the ability to opt out and stop receiving future e-mail or telephone communications at any time.
Disclosure of Personally Identifiable Information
Personally identifiable information may be accessed and used by our employees to communicate and provide services to website visitors. We do not share any personally identifiable information with third parties. We will only disclose personal information if we reasonably believe we are required to do so by law, regulation, or other government authority.
Security
ProcureWare takes reasonable precautions against unauthorized access to personal data although we make no guarantee that such unauthorized access might occur.
Links to Other Websites
Our site may contain links to other websites. We have no control over these websites and are not responsible for their use of information or for any harm or loss suffered by you in relation to the use of such websites.
Business Transfers
If ProcureWare, or substantially all of its assets were acquired by another party, or if ProcureWare were to cease business operations or enter bankruptcy, you acknowledge that your personal information may transfer to another party, and that such party may continue to use your personal information in compliance with this privacy policy.
Privacy Policy Changes
ProcureWare may update this policy from time to time at its discretion and will update this policy available on the ProcureWare website. You are responsible for checking the posted privacy policy for changes.
Last Revision: May 6, 2016
+1 800-236-8539
Blog
Contact Us
Solutions
Supplier Management
Sourcing
Contract Management
Public Procurement
Products
Why ProcureWare
Services
Implementation
Training
Integration
Support
Security
Consulting
Maintenance
Resources
Customers
Industries
Case Studies
Company
Product Tour
MENU