https://www.densorobotics.com/privacy-policy/
Products4-Axis Robots5- and 6-Axis RobotsPharmaceutical/Medical RobotsCOBOTTAIntegrated RobotsMC8A and RC8A ControllersAccessoriesSoftware
ConfiguratorResourcesWebinarsTrainingRegional Support CentersDownloadsKnowledge BaseNews & Events
About UsCelebrating 50+ YearsThe DENSO Difference
Contact
Search
Privacy Policy
Last Revised: May 1, 2020
Your privacy is important to us and we are committed to protecting your privacy and the information that you share in connection with this website (this “Site”) and the services provided on this Site (the “Services”). This Privacy Policy includes the terms set forth herein and identifies: (a) what information we collect from you on this Site; (b) how we process and manage such information; and (c) your options you have with respect to privacy. This Privacy Policy is part of the Terms of Use. Any capitalized first letter but undefined terms used in this Privacy Policy have the meanings set forth in the Terms of Use. Please contact us at na-dpam-privacy@na.denso.com if you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy Residents of California should read our California Privacy Statement which supplements this Privacy Policy to describe our processing of their personal information.
PERSONAL DATA
Personal Data. Personal Data is information that allows someone to identify or contact you, including, for example, your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, as well as any other non-public information about you that is associated with or linked to any of the foregoing data.
What data is collected. We collect Personal Data that you voluntarily provide to us when you access the Site or use the Services. Information that we may collect includes your name, company name, email address, telephone number and address.
HOW WE USE PERSONAL DATA
We use Personal Data to: (i) make the Services available to you; (ii) manage your Account; (iii) address your questions and issues; (iii) enhance and improve the Services; and provide you with customer service; (v) monitor the security or your use of the Services; (vi) ensure that DENSO Content associated with the Services is most effective for you and your device and (vii) communicate with you about the Services.
If you “OPT IN,” we may use Personal Data to contact you with certain marketing and/or promotional materials, as well as other information that may be of interest to you. If you no longer consent to receive such messages, please click on the “Unsubscribe” link or send an email to na-dpam-privacy@na.denso.com with “OPT OUT” in the subject line.
Aggregated Data. We also collect, use and share aggregated data such as statistical or demographic data for any purpose (“Aggregated Data”). Aggregated Data may be derived from your Personal Information but is not considered Personal Information in law as this data does not directly or indirectly reveal your identity. For example, we may aggregate your usage data to calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific Service features. However, if we combine or connect Aggregated Data with your Personal Information so that it can directly or indirectly identify you, we treat the combined data as Personal Information which will be used in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We disclose your Personal Data as described below and as described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy.
Third-Party Service Providers. If we accept payment from you for Services, we may share your Personal Data with third parties, such as vendors and service providers who provide assistance with billing and payment processing, fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Regulatory Compliance and for other Legitimate Purposes. We will share your Personal Data when we believe disclosure is necessary or required by applicable law, to protect users, the integrity of the Services and to defend or exercise our legal rights. We may also disclose your Personal Data when it may be necessary for other legitimate purposes as reasonably determined by us.
Affiliates. We may share some or all of your Personal Data with our affiliates that honor this Privacy Policy.
Corporate Restructuring. We may share some or all of your Personal Data in connection with or during negotiation of any merger, financing, acquisition or dissolution transaction, or proceeding involving sale, transfer, divestiture, or disclosure of all or a portion of our business or assets. In the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership, Personal Data may also be transferred as a business asset. If another company acquires our business, or assets, that company will possess the Personal Data collected by us and will assume the rights and obligations regarding your Personal Data as described in this Privacy Policy.
NON-PERSONAL DATA
“Non-Personal Data” means data that is not associated with or linked to your Personal Data; Non-Personal Data does not, by itself, permit the identification of individual persons. We collect Personal Data and Non-Personal Data, as described below. Collected by Our Servers. To make Site more useful to you, our servers (which may be hosted by a third-party service provider) collect Non-Personal Data from you, including your browser type, operating system, Internet Protocol (“IP”) address (a number that is automatically assigned to your computer when you use the Internet, which may vary from session to session), domain name, and/or a date/time stamp for your visit.
Log Files. As is true of most websites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information includes IP addresses, browser type, Internet service provider (“ISP”), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data. We use this information to analyze trends, administer the Services, track users’ movements around the Site, gather demographic information about our user base as a whole, and better tailor the Services to our users’ needs. For example, some of the information may be collected so that when you visit the Site again, it will recognize you and the information could then be used to send advertisements and other information appropriate to your interests. Except as noted in this Privacy Policy, we do not link this automatically-collected information to Personal Data.
Pixel Tags. In addition, we may use “Pixel Tags” (also referred to as clear Gifs, Web beacons, or Web bugs). Pixel Tags are tiny graphic images with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies that are used to track online movements of Web users. In contrast to cookies, which are stored on a user’s computer hard drive, Pixel Tags are embedded invisibly in web pages. Pixel Tags also allow us to send e-mail messages in a readable format, and they tell us whether e-mails have been opened to ensure that we are sending only messages that are of interest to our users. We may use this information to reduce or eliminate messages sent to a user. We do not tie the information gathered by Pixel Tags to your Personal Data.
Flash LSOs. When we post videos, third parties may use local shared objects, known as “Flash Cookies,” to store your preferences for volume control or to personalize certain video features. Flash Cookies are different from browser Cookies because of the amount and type of data and how the data is stored. Cookie management tools provided by your browser will not remove Flash Cookies. To learn how to manage privacy and storage settings for Flash Cookies, click here: http://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/remove-flashcookies.html.
Strictly necessary cookies. These are cookies that are required for the operation of our website. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of the Site.
Analytical/performance cookies. They allow us to recognize and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around the Site when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way the Site works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily. We may use third-party analytics tools such as Google Analytics, to help us measure traffic and usage trends for the Site and to understand more about the demographics of our users. You can learn more about Google’s practices at http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners, and view its currently available opt-out options at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Functionality cookies. These are used to recognize you when you return to the Site. This enables us to personalize Denso Content for you and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region).
BLOCKING COOKIES
The cookies we use are designed to help you get the most from the Site but if you do not wish to receive cookies, most browsers allow you to change your cookie settings to block cookies. To block cookies, you can also browse the Site using your browser’s anonymous usage setting (called “Incognito” in Chrome, “In Private” for Internet Explorer, “Private Browsing” in Firefox and Safari etc.). Please note that if you choose to refuse cookies you may not be able to use the full functionality of the Site. These settings will typically be found in the “options” or “preferences” menu of your browser. In order to understand these settings, you should use the “Help” option in your browser for more details.
PLEASE NOTE: (a) Deleting or blocking cookies may not be effective for all types of tracking technologies, such as Local Storage Objects (LSOs) like Flash objects or HTML5; and (b) We are unable to respond to Do Not Track signals set by your browser at this time.
INTERNATIONAL USERS
We are based in Long Beach, CA, United States of America (“U.S.A.”) and the information we collect is governed by the State of California and applicable Federal Law. The Services are intended for use in the U.S.A., Canada, Mexico and other jurisdictions in North and South America (“The Americas”). If you are accessing the Services from outside of The Americas please be aware that information collected through the Services will be transferred, processed, and used in The Americas. The data protection laws in The Americas may be different from those of the country in which you are located, and there may some risks regarding such transfer of information. Your use of the Services or providing us with any information therefore constitutes your consent to the transfer to, and processing, usage, sharing and storage of your information, including Personal Data, in the Americas as set forth in this Privacy Policy.
NOTICE TO CANADIAN, BRAZILIAN AND MEXICAN RESIDENTS – ACCESS TO PERSONAL INFORMATION/CONTACT INFORMATION: We are accountable for all Personal Data in our custody and control and have personnel who are ultimately accountable for the handling of all Personal Data in our custody and/or control, and for ensuring that the principles described in this Privacy Policy are observed.
If you have any questions about the accuracy of information that we have collected about you, you can have access to that information in order to verify and update it, unless we are permitted or required under applicable laws to refuse your access to such information. You may write or email us at the address at:
DENSO Products and Services Americas, Inc.Legal Department3900 Via Oro AvenueLong Beach CA 90810 USAna-dpam-privacy@na.denso.com
MINORS
Our privacy practices are consistent with the Federal Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”) and we will not knowingly request or collect personal information from any child under the age of majority. BY CREATING AN ACCOUNT, YOU REPRESENT THAT YOU ARE 18 YEARS OLD OR ABOVE AND AGREE TO BE PERSONALLY BOUND BY THE TERMS OF USE AND THIS PRIVACY POLICY.
UPDATES
From time to time, this Privacy Policy will be updated in whole or in part, at which time the new date will be reflected above in the “Last Revised” section. The updated Privacy Policy will immediately replace and supersede any prior agreements, unless otherwise noted. Accordingly, if you use the Services after an update is published, then you will unconditionally agree to be bound by the updated provisions.
SECURITY
Please note that data that is transported over an open network, such as the Internet or e-mail, may be accessible to anybody. We cannot guarantee the confidentiality of any communication or material transmitted via such open networks. When disclosing any Personal Data via an open network, you should remain mindful of the fact that it is potentially accessible to others, and consequently, can be collected and used by others without your consent. In particular, while Personal Data packets are often encrypted, the names of the sender and recipient are not. A third party may therefore be able to trace an existing bank account or relationship or one that is subsequently created. Even if both the sender and recipient are located in the same country data may also be transmitted via such networks to other countries regularly and without control, including to countries that do not afford the same level of data protection as your country of domicile.
Your data may be lost during transmission or may be accessed by unauthorized parties. We do not accept any liability for direct or indirect harm caused by the loss of any Content including but not limited to your Personal Data during the Internet/network transfer process. Please use other means of communication if you think this is necessary or prudent for security reasons.
PRIVACY POLICY QUESTIONS
Questions regarding this Privacy Policy should be directed to us via the following contact information:
DENSO Products and Services Americas, Inc.Marketing Department3900 Via Oro AvenueLong Beach CA 90810 USAna-dpam-privacy@na.denso.com
CALIFORNIA PRIVACY STATEMENT
OVERVIEW
This California privacy statement (“Statement”) applies to DENSO Products and Services Americas, Inc. (“DENSO,” “we,” “us,” or “our”) and is effective as of the date last updated, above. We strive to deliver outstanding products and services, and value our customers’ business and loyalty. We recognize that privacy is an important issue. We developed this Statement to explain our practices regarding the personal information we collect on this website, through written or verbal communications with us, when purchasing our products through partners, or from other sources.
For California consumers, this Statement supplements and supersedes the practices we have adopted across North America as described in our Privacy Policy, to describe our collection, use, and disclosure of personal information. All defined terms within the California Consumer Privacy Act, including those defined in Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.140, apply for the purposes of interpreting this Statement.
By accessing or using our websites, submitting information to us, or otherwise agreeing to this Statement, you understand and consent to our collection and use of your personal information as described herein.
Please note that this Statement does not apply to our processing of personal information undertaken on behalf of and subject to the instructions of third parties.
YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
As a California consumer, you have the right to request that we disclose what personal information about you we collect, use, disclose, and sell. More specifically, you have rights to the following without charge:
Disclosure of Personal Information We Collect About You
You have the right to know, upon submission of a verifiable request, the categories of personal information we have collected about you, the categories of sources from which we collect personal information, our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling personal information, the categories of third parties with whom we share personal information, if any, and the specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you.
We are not required to retain any personal information about you that was collected for a single one-time transaction; reidentify or otherwise link any data that, in the ordinary course of business, is not maintained in a manner that would be considered personal information; and we reserve our right not to provide personal information to you more than twice in a 12-month period.
Disclosure of Personal Information Sold or Disclosed for a Business Purpose
In connection with personal information we may sell or disclose for a business purpose, if any, you have the right to know the categories of personal information about you that we sold and the categories of third parties to whom we sold the personal information, and the categories of personal information that we disclosed about you for a business purpose, and the categories of third parties to whom we disclosed personal information for a business purpose.
Deletion of Personal Information
Subject to the exceptions set out below, and upon your submission of a verifiable request, you have the right to deletion of your personal information from our records, and to have us direct our service providers delete your personal information from their records.
We are not required to, and reserve our right not to, delete your personal information it if is necessary to complete the transaction for which the personal information was collected or reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, provide a good or service requested by you, or otherwise perform a contract between you and us; detect security incidents; protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for that activity; debug, identify, or repair errors that impair existing intended functionality; exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise his or her right of free speech, or exercise another right provided for by law; comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act; enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with your expectations based on the your relationship with us; comply with an existing legal obligation; and otherwise use your personal information,
internally, in a lawful manner that is compatible with the context in which you provided the information.
Your Right to Opt-Out of the Sale of Personal Information
A “sale” under California law is defined as any transfer of personal information for value. Because personal information is valuable to many businesses, many commonplace transfers are considered to be sales under the law. You have the right to opt-out of the sale of your personal information.
Children’s Personal Information
We do not knowingly collect personal information from individuals under 18 years of age, and do not sell the personal information of minors under 16 years of age without affirmative authorization. Our website is available only to individuals and entities that can form legally binding contracts under applicable law. You warrant that you are 18 years of age or older to use our website. If you do not qualify, you may not use our website. If you are a parent or legal guardian, please do not to allow your children to submit personal information to us without your authorization.
Freedom from Discrimination
You have the right to not be discriminated against by us if you exercise any of your rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act. This means we cannot do any of the following on the basis of your exercise of the foregoing rights: deny goods or services to you; charge different prices or rates for goods or services, including through the use of discounts or other benefits or imposing penalties; provide a different level or quality of goods or services to you; or suggest that you will receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
PURPOSES FOR WHICH WE COLLECT PERSONAL INFORMATION
We collect your personal information for the following business purposes:
Auditing related to a current interaction with the consumer and concurrent transactions, including, but not limited to, counting ad impressions to unique visitors, verifying positioning and quality of ad impressions, and auditing compliance with this specification and other standards;Detecting security incidents, protecting against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, and prosecuting those responsible for that activity;Debugging to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality;Short-term, transient use, provided the personal information that is not disclosed to another third party and is not used to build a profile about a consumer or otherwise alter an individual consumer’s experience outside the current interaction, including, but not limited to, the contextual customization of ads shown as part of the same interaction;Performing services on our behalf, including maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service, processing or fulfilling orders and transactions, verifying customer information, processing payments, providing financing, providing advertising or marketing services, providing analytic services, or providing similar services on our behalf;Undertaking internal research for technological development and demonstration; andUndertaking activities to verify or maintain the quality or safety of a service or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by the business, and to improve, upgrade, or enhance the service or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by the business.
SOURCES FROM WHICH WE COLLECT PERSONAL INFORMATION
We collect personal information from the following categories of sources:
You, the consumer.Commercial Customers.Service Providers.DENSO Companies.Data analytics providers.Government entities.Consumer data resellers.
PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Inherent in conducting business, we must collect personal information. This personal information may include your address; browser type; company name; dealer fax number, location, and phone number; distributor name; document identifier; email address; fax number; IP address; location; name; odometer information; order date, price, quantity, and status; payment method; phone number; product used; promotional code; purchase order number; residential address; shipping information, name, recipient company, and address; subscription account information, opt-out date, opt-out status, purchase information, status, and type; vehicle diagnostic systems information; vehicle identification number, user defined identifiers, engine type, fuel type, make, model, registration plate number, registration state, and year; and any other types of information that you choose to provide us.
We may also collect information related to conversations, including records or copies of your correspondence with us or customer service calls for quality assurance and training purposes, and other communications.
Some of the common ways in which we collect personal information include the following:
Warranties and Product Registration (“Warranty Data”): We may collect personal information in the course of our administration of warranties, and recalls. The personal information we may receive in these cases includes your address including street address, city, state or province, postal code, and country; business type; company name; customer contact person name and email; distributor name and location; fax number; first name; job title; last name; phone; referral source; engine family name, make, model, serial number, and year; product model, serial number, install date, installation type, purchase date, purchase place, and defect code; part number; primary product purchase factor and use; uploaded documents including purchase invoice, photographs of damaged or failed parts, products labels, and vehicle repair orders; vehicle identification number, make, model, year, odometer reading; and the contents of any message or other personal information you choose to submit to us.
Vehicle Diagnostic Systems (“VDS Data”): We provide technologies to perform vehicle diagnostics using information stored in a vehicle’s internal computer systems. The personal information we collect in these cases includes address; application defined vehicle identifier; application metadata, settings, and version; authentication source; browser type; company name; dealer fax number, location, and phone number; diagnostic interface type and version; distributor name; document identifier; email address; fax number; IP address; location; mobile device country code, identifier, model, network carrier, operating systems, screen size, and type; name; odometer information; order date, price, quantity, and status; payment method; phone number; product used; promotional code; purchase order number; report date, metadata, notes, price, rating, scope, status, tax rate, type, visibility, identification number, and user defined identifiers; request identifier, metadata, and status; residential address;
shipping information, name, recipient company, and address; subscription account information, opt-out date, opt-out status, purchase information, status, and type; unique company identifier; unique organization identifier; unique user identifier; vehicle identification number, user defined identifiers, engine type, fuel type, make, model, registration plate number, registration state, and year.
Website Forms (“Web Form Data”): We collect personal information from forms on our websites. This information contains any information associated with or that you choose to enter into such forms including but not limited to the information entered into warranty or product registration forms as described above as well as contact preferences; expected purchase timeframe; inquiry type; intended product use; promo code; shop name; website URL; and the contents of any message or other personal information you choose to submit to us.
Automatically Collected Personal Information (“Use Data”): By its nature, our website also automatically collects some personal information about you. In order for you to view or interact with our website, we receive individual identifiers like your IP address and some network information like date and time of pages visited. We collect some personal information automatically using cookies or other tracking technologies. The personal information automatically collected may be collected by or on behalf of third parties who provide us inferences or reporting based on analysis of such personal information.
Employee Data: We collect personal information in the context of your role as an applicant to, an employee of, owner of, director of, officer of, or contractor of our business. The personal information we collect in these cases includes name, social security number, address, date of birth, bank account and routing number, tax filing status, emergency contact info, telephone number, and family member names. We only use employee personal information collected in this capacity for purposes of evaluating qualifications related to a job application; or providing employee, owner, director, officer, staff, contractor, or other compensation, benefits, and services; or otherwise in the context of the employment relationship.
HOW WE LIMIT COLLECTION AND USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We will not collect additional categories of personal information or use personal information collected for additional purposes without providing you with notice consistent with California law. We consider de-identification and aggregation of personal information to be compatible with the purposes listed above and in your interest, because the anonymization of such information reduces the likelihood of improper disclosure of that information.
PLEASE NOTE THAT WE MAY PROCESS YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION WITHOUT YOUR KNOWLEDGE OR CONSENT, AS REQUIRED OR PERMITTED BY LAW.
HOW WE SHARE PERSONAL INFORMATION
In order to provide you with the best products and services, we share your personal information among our parent, subsidiary, and affiliated entities; service providers; and other third parties as described in this section.
DENSO Companies
We may share some or all of your personal information with our parent company and entities under shared corporate control for the purposes described in Section 3 above. For the purposes of this Statement, these are the “DENSO Companies.”
Commercial Customers
DENSO supplies services and products to motor vehicle aftermarket parts wholesalers and retailers, motor vehicle dealers, and other customers. We may share your personal information with customers that offer their own consumer services and products. For the purposes of this Statement, these are our “Commercial Customers.”
Service Providers
We may from time to time use business partners, suppliers, and sub-contractors to assist us with the provision of services to you (for example, without limitation, website hosting, web analytics, maintenance services, database management, billing, payment processing, fraud protection, credit risk reduction, marketing, product research, or improvement of services). These entities have access to your personal information only to perform the respective tasks assigned to them on our behalf, and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose. For the purposes of this Statement, these are our “Service Providers.”
Third Parties
We may share personal information with the following categories of third parties: DENSO Companies, Commercial Customers, Advertising Partners, Data Analytics Providers, Government Entities, Internet Service Providers, Operating Systems and Platforms, and Social Networks. For the purposes of this Statement, “third party” or “third parties” means third party as defined by the California Consumer Privacy Act, and includes parties that may sell, retain, use, or disclose personal information for certain purposes beyond the limited scope of our contract or direct business relationship with such entities.
We do not share personal information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes without your permission.
Other Reasons for Which We Will Share Personal Information
We cooperate with government and law enforcement officials and private parties to enforce and comply with the law. We may disclose your personal information to government or law enforcement officials or private parties in response to lawful requests when we believe disclosure or sharing is necessary to comply with any legal obligation, enforce or apply our terms and conditions, respond to claims and legal process, protect our services, our rights, and/or the safety of the public or any person, or prevent or stop any illegal, unethical or legally actionable activity (including for the purposes of fraud protection).
We may share some or all of your personal information in connection with or during negotiation of any merger, financing, acquisition or dissolution transaction, or proceeding involving sale, transfer, divestiture, or disclosure of all or a portion of our business or assets. In the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership, personal information may also be transferred as a business asset. If another company or individual acquires our business, or assets, that company or individual will possess the personal information collected by us and will assume the rights and obligations regarding your personal information as described in this Statement.
Sale of Personal Information
A “sale” under California law is defined as any transfer of personal information for value. Because personal information is valuable to many businesses, many commonplace website analytics tools and other services are considered to be sales under the law. We do not sell personal information other than information from our website to our Advertising Partners and Data Analytics Providers. You have the right to opt-out of the sale of your personal information.
Categories of Personal Information Collected, Sold, and Disclosed for a Business Purpose.
Category of Personal InformationInformation Collected Sold in the Past 12 MonthsCategories of Third Parties to Whom SoldDisclosed for a Business Purpose in Past 12 Months
Categories of Third Parties to Whom Disclosed for a Business Purpose
Individual Identifiers Use Data; VDS Data; Warranty Data; Web Form DataUse DataAdvertising Partners; Data Analytics ProvidersYesCommercial Customers; DENSO Companies; Service Providers
Information that identifies, relates to, describes, or is capable of being associated with, a particular individual.
Use Data; VDS Data; Warranty Data; Web Form DataUse DataAdvertising Partners; Data Analytics ProvidersYesCommercial Customers; DENSO Companies; Service Providers
Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law.
NoneNoneNoneNoNoneCommercial information.Use Data; VDS Data; Warranty Data; Web Form DataNoneNoneYesCommercial Customers; DENSO Companies; Service ProvidersBiometric information.NoneNoneNoneNoNoneInternet or other electronic network activity.Use Data; VDS DataUse DataAdvertising Partners; Data Analytics ProvidersYesCommercial Customers; DENSO Companies; Service ProvidersGeolocation data.Use Data; VDS DataUse DataAdvertising Partners; Data Analytics ProvidersNoNone
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information.
VDS DataNoneNoneYesCommercial Customers; DENSO Companies; Service ProvidersProfessional or employment-related information.VDS Data; Warranty Data; Web Form DataNoneNoneYesCommercial Customers; DENSO Companies; Service ProvidersEducation information.NoneNoneNoneNoNoneInferences drawn from any of the information identified above.VDS DataNoneNoneYesCommercial Customers; DENSO Companies; Service Providers
The above chart does not include information collected for employment related purposes or where your communications or transactions with us occur solely in the context of due diligence regarding, or providing or receiving a product or service to or from a company, partnership, sole proprietorship, nonprofit, or government agency on whose behalf you are acting.
The categories of information we collect for employment related purposes are: identifiers; information that identifies, relates to, describes, or is capable of being associated with, a particular individual; characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law; internet or other electronic network activity; professional or employment-related information; and education information.
HOW TO EXERCISE YOUR RIGHTS
Unless otherwise specified, to exercise any of your rights described in this California Privacy Statement, please complete a consumer request form available here or submit your request to us at the following email address: na-dpam-privacy@na.denso.com.
To exercise your right to opt-out of the sale of personal information, you may click the “Do Not Sell My Personal Information” link on each page of our website and toggling the “Do Not Sell” option and saving your preferences.
In order to complete your request, you may need to provide us with enough information to identify you, verify your identity and address, and a description of what right you wish to exercise along with any information to which your requests relates.
You may also designate an authorized agent to make a request under the California Consumer Privacy Act on your behalf. In order to fulfill your request to know or delete submitted by an authorized agent, you must provide the authorized agent written permission to do so, and we may require you verify your own identity with us directly.
We reserve our right not to make a data access or portability disclosure if we cannot verify that the person making the request is the person about whom we collected information or someone authorized to act on such person’s behalf. Any personal information we collect from you to verify your identity in connection with your request will be used solely for the purposes of verification. You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal information or exercise any other rights described herein. However, we may charge a reasonable fee or decline to comply with your request if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive, or excessive. You may only make a request to know or receive personal information twice within a 12-month period.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY STATEMENT
We may update this Statement from time to time, in our sole discretion. When we do so, we will post the new Statement on our website. You should consult this Statement regularly for any changes. Continued use of services following posting of such changes constitutes your acknowledgement of such changes and agreement to be bound by the changes. If you do not agree, you should immediately discontinue your use of our website and services.
CONTACT US
If you have questions regarding this Statement or our treatment of your personal information, you may contact us at na-dpam-privacy@na.denso.com.
Individual customers who reside in California and have provided their personal information to us may request information about our disclosures of certain categories of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. Such requests must include your name, street address, city, state, and zip code, and be submitted to us at one of the following email address: na-dpam-privacy@na.denso.com. Within thirty days of receiving such a request, we will provide a list of the categories of personal information disclosed to third parties for third-party direct marketing purposes during the immediately preceding calendar year, along with the names and addresses of these third parties. This request may be made no more than once per calendar year. We reserve our right not to respond to requests submitted to addresses other than the addresses specified in this paragraph.
Copyright © 2020 DENSO Products and Services Americas, Inc. All rights reserved.