http://www.flktech.com/flk_eng/legal_notice.asp
Customers login
Support
Contact us
Print
MISSION
PRODUCTS
SERVICES
SOFTWARE SOURCING
AUTOMATION
EMBEDDED
DOWNLOADS
CUSTOMERS
LEGAL NOTICE & PRIVACY
FLK TECH
The mission
Services & Contacts
Where we are
Job
Newsletter registration
Legal notice & privacy
Site map
Home  >>  Legal notice & privacy
Legal notice & Privacy
Trademarks and Copyright
All trademarks used and referred to in this website are the property of their respective owners. The use of these trademarks within this website should not be construed as a licence to use these trademarks without the authorisation of the trademark owners. Except where otherwise noted, all contents of this website are copyright ©2010 FLK Tech
You may download information contained in this website for your personal use or in order to inform others about FLK Tech Pty. Ltd and its activities. Otherwise, except as permitted under relevant copyright laws, you may not reproduce, modify, transmit, broadcast, perform or do anything wlse with the copyright owner's exclusive rights, without the prior written permission of FLK Tech
The information on this website is provided for general illustrative and instructional purposes, and does not create a business or professional service relationship.
FLK Tech has made every effort to ensure the accuracy of the content of this website, however, it disclaims and responsibillity or liabillity for any representation or warranty, expressed or implied, concerning the accuracy, completeness or fitness for the purpose of the information provided on this website. Further it is not responsible for any loss, claim or dammage caused due to use of the information contained in this website.
FLK Tech and logo design are trademarks of FLK Tech.
Disclaimer
No Warranties
While FLK Tech has made every effort to ensure that information is free from error, FLK Tech does not warrant the accuracy, adequacy or completeness of information on the site. All information is subject to change without notice. No person should act or fail to act on the basis of this information. To the maximum extent permitted by law, FLK Tech disclaims any liability to any person arising out of any action or failure to act, in accessing, downloading, uploading, using or relying on or dealing in any way with any materials from the site or from any other web site.
Links and Third Party Web Sites
Any links or frames connecting the site with other Web sites are for convenience only. FLK Tech makes no representation or warranty as to the accuracy or any other aspect of the information on those linked or framed web sites. No link or frame to another site should be construed as an endoresement or recommendation of any information, goods or services referred to.
Viruses
FLK Tech does not represent or warrent that the material on the site is free from computer viruses or other defects and it recommends that, prior to using any downloaded file, you carry out an appropriate virus check.
Intellectual Property
Unless stated to the contrary, all intellectual property rights in the material on the site are owned by FLK Tech You must not reproduce, distribute, transmit, publish, copy, transfer or commercially exploit any information accessed through or received from the site that would be an infringement of any intellectual property right.
Privacy Information
FLK Tech respects and is committed to protecting your privacy. FLK Tech is bound by and intends to comply with the Australian National Privacy Principle (NPPs) contained in the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) when dealing with personal information.
Personal Information
FLK Tech will not collect any personally identifiable information about you (e.g., your name, address, telephone number or e-mail address ("Personal Information")), unless voluntarily provided (e.g., by registration, survey etc.). If you do not want your Personal Information collected, please do not submit it to us. When you do provide us with Personal Information, we usually use it to respond to your inquiry or provide you access to specific product or application information.
If you choose not to have your Personal Information used to support our customer relationship (especially direct-marketing or market-research), we will respect your choice. We do not now (and do not intend to) sell, rent or otherwise market your Personal Information to third parties.
Non-personal information collected automatically
When you access one of our Web sites, we may automatically (i.e., not by registration) collect information that is not personally identifiable (e.g., type of Internet browser and computer operating system used; domain name of the Web site from which you came; number of visits, average time spent, pages viewed). We may use this information and share it with Leica Microsystems and the Danaher Group of companies to measure the use of our Web sites and improve their content.
Cookies
When you view one of our Web sites, we may store some information on your computer in the form of a "Cookie" to automatically recognize you the next time you visit. Cookies can assist help us in many ways, for example, by allowing us to tailor a Web site to better match your interests or to save your password so that you do not have to re-enter it each time. If you choose not to be recognized, please refer to your Internet browser to erase Cookies from your computer hard drive, block all Cookies or receive a warning before a Cookie is stored.
Security
FLK Tech takes precautions to ensure the security of your Personal Information and strives to keep it accurate. We carefully protect your Personal Information from loss, destruction, falsification, manipulation, and unauthorized access or unauthorized disclosure.
Links to other websites
FLK Tech Web sites contains links to other Web sites. FLK Tech is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of other Web sites.
The information on this site is provided for general illustrative and instructional purposes, and does not create a business or professional services relationship.
FLK Tech has made every effort to ensure the accuracy of the content of this Web site, however, it disclaims any responsibility or liability for any representation or warranty, express or implied, concerning the accuracy, completeness or fitness for the purpose of the information provided on this Web site. Further it is not responsible for any loss, claim or damage caused, due to use of the information contained in this Web site.
MISSION
PRODUCTS
SERVICES
SOFTWARE SOURCING
AUTOMATION
EMBEDDED
DOWNLOADS
CUSTOMERS
Customers service
Support
Where we are
Legal notice
Privacy
Site map
FLK Tech - P.I. 00964000251
35121
Padova
email: info(at)flktech.com
© 2014 Copyright FLK Tech