https://www.ibm.com/marketplace/data-privacy-passports
IBM®
Site map
IBM
It infrastructure
Z
Capabilities
Enterprise security
IBM Data Privacy Passports
Now, you can protect sensitive data and maintain privacy by policy as the data moves from its source throughout your enterprise—and across hybrid multiclouds.
Read the EMA paper
Read solution brief (75.3 KB)
IBM Data Privacy Passports
Details
Resources
IBM Data Privacy Passports
Details
Resources
Enforce data-centric protection and privacy in hybrid clouds
Data privacy is critical to you and your consumers, but it has never been more challenging to maintain.
Applications are spread across on-premises and cloud platforms, including sensitive data that needs to be protected everywhere. How can you protect your data after it leaves the system of record?
IBM Data Privacy Passports provides end-to-end, data-centric protection and privacy to keep your data secured no matter where it travels. Maintain appropriate use of data, revoke future access at any time, and keep an audit trail – enabling authorized users to extract value from your data while minimizing risk to your organization.
Benefits
Safeguard sensitive data
Encrypt or mask data dynamically to minimize risk when collecting or storing sensitive data.
Ease compliance
Simplify how your organization maintains compliance under industry mandates and regulations.
Control your data
Manage how data is shared on a need-to-know basis with central control of your user access policy.
Extend data privacy and security across your hybrid cloud
Protect sensitive data
Move data securely between environments
Prevent unauthorized access
Maintain control of your data
Enable verifiable security and compliance
Enhance data privacy with a trusted environment
Get it on IBM z15™
Get it on IBM LinuxONE III
See the details
Expert resources to help you succeed
Support
Learn more about product support options.
IBM Knowledge Center
Complimentary, step-by-step guides for download and mobile.
Resource library
Explore a collection of in-depth information for this product.