http://www.webdevforums.com/privacy.php
Control Panel : Event Calendar : Memberlist : FAQ : Search : Forum Leaders : Home
Web Developer Community Forums Privacy Policy
Web Develeoper Community Forums has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for this website.
Information Automatically Logged
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our website. The IP address is not displayed anywhere on the website, and is not disclosed to any other parties. The IP address is also used if it becomes neccessary to ban a member of the forums and to stop them from re-registering with another alias.
Cookies
This site uses cookies to store the login information of registered forum members. The option to save your login information is entirely up to yourself. If you wish to turn this option off, you can do so by clicking the "Control Panel" button at the top of the page amd then choose Options. Untick the box that reads "Browse board with cookies".
Registration Forms
Our site's registration form requires users to give us contact information (like their name, email, etc). This contact information is only used to get in touch with the member in the event of a forum rule violation. It may also be used to prevent banned users from re-registering under a different username. The email address will only be seen by moderators and adminstrators if the "Invisible Mode" option is set to yes in your Control Panel -> Options settings.
External Links
This site contains links to other sites. However, we are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of any such websites. We do however have moderators for each forum, who will delete/edit any links, content, etc that they feel should not be printed in any of the forums.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. If you have any questions regarding these measures, please feel free to contact the forum administrator.
Choice/Opt-Out
Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving promotional/marketing information from our partners, and us.
You can visit the following URL: http://www.webdevforums.com/profile.php?do=editoptions and untick the "Allow Bulletin Board Administrators and Moderators To Send You Email Notices?" option.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this website, you can contact the administrator at admin@webdevforums.com
Return to the Forums : Return to Top ^
Contact : Privacy Policy : Guidelines : Archive
Powered by vBulletin Copyright ©2000 - 2003, Jelsoft Enterprises Ltd.
Forums © 2004-2009 WebDevForums.com, all rights reserved. This site is proudly hosted by Intersurge Hosting.