https://www.edgetechcorp.com/privacy/
Go
Cart
Account
Newsletter
Contact
800-259-6565   Shipping - Returns
Computer Memory
SSD Drives
Shop By System
Acer Memory
Apple Memory
Compaq Memory
Dell Memory
Gateway Memory
HP Memory
IBM Memory
Lenovo Memory
Sony Memory
Toshiba Memory
More...
Shop By Type
DDR Memory
DDR2 Memory
DDR3 Memory
DDR4 Memory
RDRAM Memory
SDRAM Memory
EDO Memory
FPM Memory
Privacy Policy
Please read the following information carefully. By accessing Edge Tech Corporation's website, you furnish your acceptance and agreement with these terms. If you do not accept and agree with these terms in full, please do not access this website.
Edge Tech Corp does not rent, sell, or share personal information about you with other people or nonaffiliated companies. When we have your permission, we may occasionally send you promotional information and product specials from Edge Tech Corp. We respect your rights to privacy and always provide a way to be removed from our mailing list.
Edge Tech Corp uses traffic analysis software to help us design and better market our site and products to our customers. This traffic analysis is done at an aggregate level and does not enable us to capture any personally identifying information. Examples of information we collect and analyze include Internet protocol address (IP), referral information, purchase history, email address, entry and exit points, and others.
Edge Tech Corp uses the latest industry standard technologies to ensure your shopping transactions are securely placed. Online transactions are secured using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts the personal data on your order.
Edge Tech Corp does not allow any purchases from customers under the age of 13. If you are under the age of 13, please shop online with the aid of a parent or guardian.
By visiting http://www.edgetechcorp.com, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy.
Home
About
Help
FAQs
Contact
Terms
Privacy
Sitemap
Track Your Order
Copyright © 2020, Edge Tech Corp, All rights reserved.