http://www.darknightdesigns.com/privacy-policy
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Estate Apps collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a "User") of the https://www.estateapps.co.uk/ website ("Site"). This privacy policy applies to the website and all products/services offered by Estate Apps.Your personal informationAcross this site we may collect personally identifying information from our users.Contact Forms - Contacting us in relation to services and newsletter signupFacebook Pixel (Facebook tracking ID)Live chatCookiesGoogle AnalyticsBrowser nameTechnical information - Type of computer, operating system, internet service providerWe will collect personal identification information from users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information.Web browser cookiesOur Site may use "cookies" to enhance User experience. User's web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. More information is available in our "cookie policy".How we use collected informationEstate Apps collects and uses Users personal information for the following purposes:To personalize user experience
We may use information to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our website.To improve our Website
We continually strive to improve our website based on the information and feedback we receive from you.To improve customer service
Your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service and support requirements.To send periodic emails
The email address Users provide will only be used to respond to their enquiries, and/or other requests/questions. If the User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.Advertising on third party websites
Users may find advertising or other content on third party websites and social media platforms related to Estate Apps. The content you see may be based on your browsing habits though the Estate Apps Website.How we protect your informationWe adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.Further to this you will retain control of your own data. Should you wish, you have the right at any time to request we delete any and all data stored on you. You can make a request to have this data deleted by emailing sales@estateapps.co.uk. This right does not supersede any legal obligation we have to hold your data (for example retaining information for anti money laundering purposes)Sharing your personal informationWe do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above. We may use third party service providers to help us operate our business and the Site or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out newsletters or surveys. We may share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes provided that you have given us permission.Third party websitesOur website may contain links to other websites that are not maintained by us. If you follow a link to another website, please keep in mind that other websites will have their own privacy policies and content which we are not responsible for. It is advised that you check these privacy policies before submitting any personal information to these websites.Changes to this privacy policyEstate Apps has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically to ensure your up-to-date with any modifications.Your acceptance of these termsOn visiting this site you will have been provided the option to accept or refuse the use of cookies on this site. You have the ability to change your preferences at any time.Contacting usIf you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, contact us at:Estate Apps
https://www.estateapps.co.uk/
sales@estateapps.co.uk
This Privacy Policy was last updated on April 2018