https://www.distinct.com/about/privacy.asp
Distinct Corporation Privacy Policy
Testimonials
Contact Us
Last updated: Feb 12, 2018
At Distinct we respect your
privacy and use industry standard encryption technology to protect your personal
details. Please read the following about the information gathering and privacy
practices for our website.
Personal Information
Your personal information such as name, address, email address and phone number, may be collected by Distinct when You:
•	request to download one or more of our products
•	request technical or sales support
•	correspond with us by email, in which case we may retain the content of your email messages together with your email address and our responses
•	supply us with your personal information by signing up to receive a newsletter or to attend an event or a meeting.
We consider
your personal information highly confidential and will not pass it on to anyone
outside of Distinct Corporation and its affiliates, resellers and distributors.
When you connect to our website, our web servers recognize your IP address
and certain other information about your computer. This is necessary to deliver
downloaded products to you, administer the web server; and track down problems.
Distinct also uses what are called "cookies" to store and retrieve customer
information through a user's web browser. This permits the Distinct site to
serve you more effectively. You can refuse cookies by turning them off in your
browser.
We also may collect general demographic and profile data at our website from
time to time in order to better understand and assist our customers and to help
improve our site.
By using the Distinct site, you consent to the collection, use, and
storage of your personal information as described in this policy. We reserve the
right to report to law enforcement agencies any activities that we reasonably
believe to be unlawful.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and
alteration of the information under our control. We use industry standard SSL
(Secure Sockets Layer) encryption to protect your information, including your name, address and phone
numbers.
Other Sites
This site contains links to other sites. We have no control over and are not responsible for the
privacy practices or content of any of these websites or any other websites.
Your orders will be processed directly by our reseller, FastSpring, and Distinct does not receive your credit card information.
Please see their privacy policy for information on how they use your data (http://www.fastspring.com/purchasing-through-fastspring.php ).
Right to Opt Out
You have the following options for removing your information from our
database to not receive future communications or services:
1. You can click here to send an automated request to remove your information from our database.
2. You can send
us regular mail requesting removal to the following postal address: Customer
service, Distinct Corporation, 1177 Branham Lane #329, San Jose, CA 95118 -
U.S.A.
Policy Changes
Distinct may update this policy from time to time. Please check this page
periodically for changes. By using this website, you signify your agreement to
the then current Distinct Privacy Policy.
Contacting the website administrator
We welcome comments and questions about the Distinct site or any other
aspect of our website or products or services, including this Privacy Policy.
Please contact us by emailing us;
or by sending
regular mail to Webmaster, Distinct Corporation, 1177 Branham Lane #329, San Jose,
CA 95118 - U.S.A.
Other Terms
This Privacy Policy is in addition to any legal terms of use for this website
and is not intended to change any such terms of use.
Distinct Corporation1177 Branham Lane #329San Jose, CA 95118 -
U.S.A.
12/11/2020
Legal notices |
PRIVACY Policy |
©2020 Distinct® Corporationwww.distinct.com
Contact us