https://www.ccsoftware.ca/privacy.cfm
Privacy Notice -
Effective March 1, 2001
C&C Software is firmly committed to protecting the privacy of its customers and those who sample our products.
This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this web site.
It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the web site, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in
the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
C&C Software collects the following types of personal information: names, e-mail addresses, mailing address (including street address, state/province, country and postal/zip code)organization, phone number and credit card details.
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you.
We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
The information that we collect will be used to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us.
We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.
We may contact you
via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or
services, or changes to this privacy policy only with your permission.
Anonymous Information Collected on this Web Site
Anonymous data is collected on server logs to enable analysis of web site activity, and debugging of active code. It can also be used to provide aggregate statistics about visitors and usage. You, as an individual user, remain anonymous. Such data may include pages visited, your IP address, browser type, how you landed, whether via search engine results or a direct link, and how long you stayed. Such data is used for analysis of web site effectiveness, and to identify possible areas for improvement.
Orders
We request information from you on our order
form. To buy from us, you must provide contact information (like
name and shipping address) and financial information (like credit
card number, expiration date). This information is used for billing
purposes and to fill your orders. All credit card processing is done inhouse at C&C Software. If we have trouble processing an
order, we'll use this information to contact you.
Links This web site contains links to other sites.
Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or
privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Cookies
At times, this web site uses third party advertising companies to show ads to internet users, in the hopes that they will visit our web site as a result of an ad. This may include Google ads. Our Google ads use cookies to track the success of ads. When you arrive on our site from a Google ad, Google Site Stats will use a cookie so that it can report subsequent actions such as sales or signups. You can opt out of the conversion tracking cookie if you wish. None of your personal information is being used or recorded by Google.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time.
You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our
use of your data.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information.
When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way.
You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information.
The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
If you feel that we
are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us
immediately via telephone at 1-519-633-9551 or sales@ccsoftware.ca.