https://www.binarytree.com/privacy-policy/
Home
>
Privacy Policy
Binary Tree Privacy Policy
Binarytree.com Inc. Privacy Policy
Effective Date: December 21, 2017. Last Updated: May 30, 2019
Overview
Binarytree.com Inc. (“Binary Tree”) is a U.S.-based company that provides software and SaaS solutions designed to enable enterprises everywhere to transform and manage change with the Microsoft cloud. This business model makes us a business-to business provider. Through its business-first approach, Binary Tree enables global organizations to plan, modernize, and manage transformations that involve Microsoft 365, Office 365, Azure, business applications and merging organizations. The company is a Microsoft Gold Partner and a globally preferred vendor, with headquarters outside New York City and global offices in France, Germany, Singapore, Sweden and the U.K. For more information, visit www.binarytree.com.
At Binary Tree, we power enterprise transformations. Our award-winning software and services help Enterprise businesses modernize their Microsoft email, directories and applications by moving and integrating them to the cloud. Binary Tree mitigates the risk of delays, downtime, and budget overruns for complex transformation projects for large organizations.
This website is not designed for, or directed to, children under the age of 13 and Binarytree.com Inc. does not intentionally collect information about anyone under the age of 13 on this website without a guardian’s consent. We comply with all federal laws and regulations regarding the privacy of children, including the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act.
The Privacy Shield Frameworks for EU and Swiss Individuals
Binarytree.com Inc. complies with the EU-US Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-US Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the US Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information from European Union member countries and Switzerland transferred to the United States pursuant to Privacy Shield.  Binarytree.com Inc.  has certified that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles with respect to such data. If there is any conflict between the policies in this privacy policy and data subject rights under the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification page, please visit https://www.privacyshield.gov/.
Binary Tree is subject to the supervisory and enforcement authority of the United States Federal Trade Commission, FTC.
Personal Data Collection and Use
Binary Tree provides software-based solutions to reduce the costs and timelines of enterprise migrations while preventing interruptions to end-users.  As such, Binarytree.com Inc. may receive the following categories of personal data about EU and Swiss individuals (“EU Personal Data”) in the US: an individual’s name, whether or not in combination with an individual’s country of birth, marital status, emergency contact, salary information, terms of employment, job qualifications (such as educational degrees earned), address, phone number, email address, user ID, password, and other identification numbers, etc.
Binarytree.com Inc. will only process EU Personal Data in ways that are compatible with the purpose that we collected it for, or for purposes the individual later authorizes. Before we use your EU Personal Data for a purpose that is materially different than the purpose we collected it for or that you later authorized, we will provide you with the opportunity to opt out. We will also provide you with the opportunity to opt out before we disclose your EU Personal Data to non-agent third parties. We maintain reasonable procedures to help ensure that EU Personal Data is reliable for its intended use, accurate, complete, and accessible. To request to limit the use and disclosure of your personal information, please submit a written request to privacy@binarytree.com.
Binarytree.com Inc. may collect the following categories of sensitive EU Personal Data in accordance with the Notice and Choice Principles: gender, racial or ethnic origin or trade-union membership. When collecting sensitive EU Personal Data, Binarytree.com Inc. will obtain your opt-in consent where the Privacy Shield requires, including if we disclose your sensitive EU Personal Data to third parties, or before we use your sensitive EU Personal Data for a different purpose than we collected it for or than you later authorized.
Cookies
This Website uses Cookies. To learn more and for a detailed cookie notice, the User may consult the Cookie Policy.
Technologies such as: cookies, beacons, tags and scripts are used by Binary Tree and our marketing partners, analytics providers, and customer support systems. These technologies are used in analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking users’ movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. We may receive reports based on the use of these technologies by these companies on an individual as well as aggregated basis.
We use cookies for marketing and for authentication. Users can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level. If you reject cookies, you may still use our site, but your ability to use some features or areas of our site may be limited. Binary Tree uses a technology called “cookies” to store session information. A cookie is a small amount of data, which includes an anonymous unique identifier that is sent to your browser from our website’s computers and stored on your computer’s hard drive. Binary Tree will set and access Binary Tree cookies on your computer.
Use of Information
We may use information about you for various purposes, including to:
Provide, maintain and improve the Service, process transactions and send you related information, including confirmations, invoices, technical notices, updates, security alerts and support and administrative messages;
Respond to your comments, questions and requests and provide customer service;
Communicate with you about products, services, offers, promotions, rewards, and events offered by BinaryTree.com Inc., and provide news and information we think will be of interest to you;
Monitor and analyze trends, usage and activities in connection with the Service;
Automatically determine if you are using the most current version of our software and/or third-party software and notify you if an upgrade is available;
Link or combine with information we get from others to help understand your needs and provide you with better service; and
Carry out any other purpose for which the information was collected.
Data Transfers to Third Parties
We may transfer your personal data to third-party agents who perform functions on our behalf as described in this Privacy Policy. We enter into written agreements with those third-party agents and require them to provide the same level of protection that Privacy Shield requires and limiting their use of the data to the specified services provided on our behalf. We take reasonable and appropriate steps to ensure that third-party agents process your Personal Data in accordance with our Privacy Shield obligations and to stop and remediate any unauthorized processing. In cases of onward transfer to third parties of data of EU or Swiss individuals received pursuant to the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield, Binarytree.com Inc. is liable unless we can prove we were not a party giving rise to the actions.
Binarytree.com Inc. may use third-party partners to help us operate and maintain our Website and deliver our products and services. We may also share your information with our service providers and other third parties (“Affiliated Parties”) that provide products or services for or through this Website or for our business (such as website or Infrastructure hosting companies, communications providers, email providers, analytics companies, credit card processing companies and other similar service providers that use such information on our behalf). Third-party service providers are contractually restricted from using or disclosing the information, except as necessary to perform services on our behalf or to comply with legal requirements.
We may employ and contract with third-party service providers and other entities to assist in providing our services to customers by performing certain tasks on our behalf. These third-party providers may offer customer support, data storage services (data centers), or technical operations. Binarytree.com Inc. maintains contracts with these third parties restricting their access, use and disclosure of personal data in compliance with our Privacy Shield obligations. These third parties may access, process, or store personal data in the course of providing their services. Unless we tell you differently, our Agents do not have any right to use Personal Information or other information we share with them beyond what is necessary to assist us. You hereby consent to our sharing of Personal Information with our Agents.
Disclosures for National Security or Law Enforcement
We maintain reasonable and appropriate security measures to protect your Personal Data from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction in accordance with the Privacy Shield. Under certain circumstances, we may be required to disclose your Personal Data in response to valid requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. We will only disclose the minimum information that we are required to disclose.
Access and Limitation Rights
Pursuant to the Privacy Shield Frameworks, you have the right to access the Personal Data that we hold about you and to request that we correct, amend, or delete it if it is inaccurate or processed in violation of the Privacy Shield. These access rights may not apply in some cases, including where it would violate the rights of someone other than the individual requesting access. If you would like to request access to your Personal Data, you may do so by filling out a web form via our Data Subject Access Request Portal (Binary Tree Data Subject Access Request Portal). You can also email us at privacy@binarytree.com if you are unable to submit your request through our DSAR Portal. We may request specific information from you to confirm your identity. In some circumstances, we may charge a reasonable fee for access to your information.
Questions, Complaints, and Recourse
Under the Self-Certification Supplemental Principle, Binarytree.com Inc. verifies the attestations and assertions set forth by this requirement through self-assessment.
In accordance with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield/ Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Principles, Binarytree.com Inc. commits to resolve privacy complaints regarding your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information. European Union or Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding this privacy policy should first contact Binary Tree by filling out our Data Subject Access Request (DSAR) web form (Binary Tree Data Subject Access Request Portal).
If you would like to request access to your EU Personal Data, please fill out our Data Subject Access Request (DSAR) web form (Binary Tree Data Subject Access Request Portal). If you have any questions about this Policy please email privacy@binarytree.com. You can also send your request or questions by postal mail:
Binarytree.com Inc. Attention: Privacy Compliance Officer 3088 State Route 27, Suite 1 & 2 Kendall Park, NJ 08824    USA
Binary Tree has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the Privacy Shield Principles to an independent dispute resolution mechanism, the BBB EU PRIVACY SHIELD. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint, or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed, please visit www.bbb.org/EU-privacy-shield/for-eu-consumers  for more information and to file a complaint. This service is provided free of charge to you.
Please note that if your complaint is not resolved through these channels, under limited circumstances, a binding arbitration option may be available (free of charge) before a Privacy Shield Panel. For more information on binding arbitration. See Privacy Shield Annex 1 at https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=ANNEX-I-introduction Contact Information
Recourse for EU and Swiss Human Resources Data Transferred into The US (For EU and Swiss Employees)
BinaryTree.com commits to cooperate with the panel established by the EU data protection authorities (DPAs) and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner, as applicable and comply with the advice given by EU data protection authorities (DPAs) and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner with regard to human resources data transferred from the EU and Switzerland, as applicable in the context of the employment relationship.
Changes to This Policy
We review this Privacy Policy at least annually for compliance with internal procedures and industry standards. We reserve the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy at any time. Please check this Privacy Policy each time you use our website to ensure you are aware of any changes in our practices.
FACT SHEET
Privacy Shield Procedures for Binarytree.com
Personal Information Request
What information will Binarytree.com request?
Binarytree.com may request the following types of personal data for processing but not limited to the following: Personal Information will be limited to only information relevant for the purpose of processing
Date of Birth
Personal ID Number – Social Security Number – Tax ID Number
Background Information including but not limited to Criminal, Education, work experience Credit Information
Additional data may be requested based on the scope of work or position.
Why is Binarytree.com requesting the information?
Binarytree.com may use the requested personal information for the following purposes but not limited to:
Offer of Employment
Customer security requirement based on scope of work
Payment of services rendered or received
Who may have access to your personal information and why?
Binarytree.com may be required to provide your personal information to a Third Party if the said third party complies with the Privacy Shield Principles.  BinaryTree.com will take reasonable and appropriate steps to ensure the Third Party is in compliance. Binarytree.com may provide a Third-Party access to your personal information for the following reasons but not limited to:
Security Clearance
Payment/payroll processing
Benefit Registration
Ensuring accountability for data transferred to third parties Binarytree.com will:
The Third-Party Agent complies with the Notice and Choice Principles
Enter into a contract with the third-party controller that provides that such data may only be processed for limited and specified purposes consistent with the consent provided by the individual and that the recipient will provide the same level of protection as the Principles.
Transfer personal data to a third party acting as an agent, Binarytree.com will transfer such data only for limited and specified purposes.
Ascertain that the agent is obligated to provide at least the same level of privacy protection as is required by the Principles
Take reasonable and appropriate steps to ensure that the agent effectively processes the personal information transferred in a manner consistent with Binarytree.com obligations under the Principles.
Transparency Related to Enforcement Actions
BinaryTree.com will make public any relevant Privacy Shield related sections of any compliance or assessment report submitted to the FTC if the organization becomes subject to an FTC or court order based on non-compliance.
How can you access your personal data once collected?
You have the right to obtain access to your personal information to correct, amend, or delete that information except where a burden may exist in providing access. BinaryTree.com will respond to each request within 45 business days of submission or in a reasonable manner.  If excessive requests are received for the same relevant information within a 60 day time period, a fine not to exceed $25.00 on administrative costs may be applied.
You may access your personal data by submitting a Data Subject Access Request Form (Binary Tree Data Subject Access Request Portal) or via post to the address below:
Binarytree.com Inc.
Attention: Privacy Compliance Officer
3088 State Route 27, Suite 1 & 2
Kendall Park, NJ 08824 USA
How do I opt in or opt out of releasing my personal information?
You must complete a Personal Information Disclosure Authorization Opt-in/Out form that will be provided to you by the Compliance Officer of Binary Tree upon request.
How do you contact Binarytree.com if you have a complaint about the use of your personal data:
Please report all inquiries or complaints via our Data Subject Access Request (DSAR) web form (Binary Tree Data Subject Access Request Portal)Individuals may bring a complaint directly to Binarytree.com and  Binarytree.com will respond to the individual within 45 days.
Compliance staff will review the submitted complaint and resolve if able with all involved parties.
If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint, or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed, please visit bbb.org/EU-privacy-shield/for-eu-consumers  for more information and to file a complaint with our Independent Recourse Mechanism, BBB EU PRIVACY SHIELD. This service is provided free of charge to you.
Binary tree will only request and process personal data to the extent that the information is relevant for the purpose requested.  We will need to ensure the information is accurate, reliable and current. Binarytree.com will only keep your personal data for as long as necessary for the purpose of processing.  Binarytree.com may keep your data for longer periods only if it is needed for certain specified purposes.  If needed for longer periods of time BinaryTree.com will notify you in accordance with our privacy principle stated in our privacy policy located at www.binarytree.com.
Binarytree.com Inc. will only process EU Personal Data in ways that are compatible with the purpose that we collected it for, or for purposes the individual later authorizes. Before we use your EU Personal Data for a purpose that is materially different than the purpose we collected it for or that you later authorized, we will provide you with the opportunity to opt out. We maintain reasonable procedures to help ensure that EU Personal Data is reliable for its intended use, accurate, complete, and accessible.