http://www.bytetranslation.com/legal/privacy.php?lang=en_US
A Professional Language Translation Company!
Home
About Us
Services
Free Quote
FAQ
Login
Contact Us
Privacy
PRIVACY POLICY
Effective as of January 10, 2005 until replaced.
GENERAL
ByteTranslation respects the privacy of every individual who visits our web site, uses our services or sends us e-mail. This Privacy Policy ("Privacy Policy") outlines the information ByteTranslation will collect and how we will use that information. This Privacy Policy will also instruct you on what to do if you do not want your personal information collected when you visit our web site, or send us email.
CONFIDENTIALITY
All information and documents transmitted to ByteTranslation by the Customer shall be confidential. We shall not divulge or otherwise disclose such information to any person other than authorized employees or authorized subcontractors of ByteTranslation whose job performance requires such acts. The provisions of this paragraph shall not apply to the extent ByteTranslation is compelled by law to divulge such information.
PERSONAL INFORMATION
ByteTranslation collects and uses personally identifiable information obtained from the Customer for billing purposes, to provide and change the Services, to anticipate and resolve problems with the Services. We will not sell to third parties any personally identifiable information obtained from the Customer registration nor will we disclose any personally identifiable information without the consent of the Customer except as required by subpoena or other legal process. We shall not use any Customer information for purposes of solicitation, advertising, unsolicited e-mail or invasion of privacy. When ByteTranslation uses agents, contractors or other companies to perform services on its behalf or in cooperation, we will require that they protect the Customer's personally identifiable information consistent with this Privacy Policy.
NON PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION
In some cases, we may collect information about you that is not personally identifiable. Examples of this type of information include the type of Internet Browser you are using, the type of computer operating system you are using, and the domain name of the website and/or Internet Service Provider from which you linked to our site or advertisement.
Similar to personally identifiable information, we will not sell non personally identifiable information to third parties.
USE OF COOKIES
When you view our web site, we may store some information on your computer. This information will be in the form of a "Cookie" or similar file and will be used to determine ways to improve our web site, advertisements, products or services. For example, Cookies allow us to tailor a web site to better match your interests and preferences. With most Internet Browsers, you can erase Cookies from your computer hard drive, block all Cookies, or receive a warning before a Cookie is stored. Please refer to your Browser instructions or help screen to learn more about these functions.
UPDATING PRIVACY POLICY
From time to time ByteTranslation may update its website Privacy Policy. When it does so, it will post the updated policy on its website.
REMOVING PERSONAL INFORMATION
If you have submitted personally-identifiable information through our web site, and would like that information deleted from our records, please contact us. We will use reasonable efforts to delete this information from our existing files.
Home
| About Us
| Services
| Free Quote
| FAQ
| Login
| Jobs
| Contact Us
Copyright © 2004-2008 ByteTranslation. All Rights Reserved.
ByteTranslation:
Terms and Conditions
| Privacy