https://www.pingman.com/privacypolicy.html
Privacy Policy
Last Updated: November 15, 2019
We at Pingman Tools, LLC ("Pingman Tools, we") are committed to respecting your online privacy
and recognize your need for appropriate protection and management of any personally identifiable
information you share with us. Pingman Tools has created this Privacy Policy to demonstrate our
company's commitment to your privacy and the protection of your information.
This policy applies to all the personal data that you provide Pingman Tools and any personal data Pingman Tools collects through its websites, apps, and other electronic forms of communication. By
accessing or using any part of these sites or services, you are agreeing to this Privacy Policy.
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully to understand how we will use your information. This
Privacy Policy may change from time to time as more fully explained herein. Your continued use
of the Sites after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please
check this policy periodically for updates.
The info we collect and why
Pingman Tools' products and services are designed to help you analyze network issues, share
information, and find viable network solutions. Part of this requires us to collect some personal
information from you, our customer.
Personal information for the purposes of this document means any information that may be
used to identify an individual in any way.
To provide our products and services, we collect the following information:
Identifying contact information; specifically, names, email addresses, phone numbers,
and social media account names
Your contact information allows us to confirm your ownership of products and services, inform
you of product developments, provide customer support, and otherwise fulfill our legitimate
business needs. To accomplish this, we retain your personal information indefinitely unless
otherwise directed (as per your rights to your information as mandated by law and described in
this Privacy Policy).
Usernames and passwords associated with the Pingman Tools' account system
To allow you to manage your products and services, we have you create a username and
password to associate with your account. This information is stored indefinitely unless otherwise
directed (as per your rights to your information as mandated by law and described in this privacy
policy).
Support correspondence records
When you contact customer support, whether through an in-app support ticket or via email, we
save a record of the conversation (including any files or other attached information) to provide better customer support and inform future service and product developments. This information is stored indefinitely unless otherwise directed (as
per your rights to your information as mandated by law and described in this Privacy Policy).
SMTP usernames, passwords, and return addresses
When using PingPlotter's email alert feature, any information entered is stored on your local
device for convenience (otherwise, you'd need to enter the information each time you wished to
use an email alert). This data is stored locally and may be deleted at any time.
IP addresses and DNS names used in PingPlotter
Any IP address or DNS name entered as a PingPlotter trace target is stored on your local
device. This allows you to recall previous trace targets without entering the target information for
each trace. This data is neither accessible nor viewable by anyone other than you and may be
deleted at any time.
IP addresses, DNS names, and trace data stored with PingPlotter CloudConnect
When you use the PingPlotter CloudConnect service, trace data (including trace target IP
addresses and/or DNS names) is temporarily stored on a 3rd party cloud server when the
connection between the agent and host controller is severed. Once the connection is
reestablished, the trace data is deleted. The IP addresses and/or DNS names are stored for the duration of a session and are deleted once the session is closed. Pingman Tools may view this data to assist with troubleshooting an issue as it pertains to our programs or services, but will not otherwise view or access this data.
How we protect your information
We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards reasonably necessary to ensure the
protection of your personal information against loss, misuse, disclosure and alteration. Any
personal information collected by Pingman Tools is stored securely through a 3rd party hosting
service that acts on our behalf and in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Every Pingman Tools employee is educated on security protocols to ensure the safe and proper
handling of personal information. Only authorized Pingman Tools employees are allowed access
to any stored personal information, and only for the explicit uses described in this Privacy Policy.
The safety and security of your information also depends on you. Where we have given you (or
where you have chosen) a password for access the Pingman Tools account system, you are
responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with
anyone.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure.
Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security
of your personal information transmitted to our Website. Pingman Tools has an established
protocol for managing any potential data breach. You can learn more by contacting our Data Protection Officer at info@pingman.com. You may also contact us by mail at:
Pingman Tools
405 S. 8th St. Suite 301
Boise, ID 83702
The 3rd parties we work with
Pingman Tools uses 3rd party services to provide secure payment processing, cloud-based
data storage, and web hosting.
Fastspring, Stripe, and Bluesnap
We use 3rd party payment processors Fastspring, Stripe, and Bluesnap for all payment
processed through Pingman Tools' websites and apps. Outside of your name,
address, and email, Pingman Tools does not access or save any payment information (such as
credit card numbers) related to purchases. This information is handled securely through these
3rd party processors using the PCI Data Security Standard.
Please see Fastspring, Stripe, and Bluesnap's Privacy Policies to learn how each protects your
personal information.
Microsoft Azure
We use Microsoft Azure cloud services to temporarily store PingPlotter CloudConnect trace data collected by remote agents when the connection between the agent and host controller is severed. Once the connection is reestablished, the data is deleted. At no point does Microsoft view or access this data.
Please see Microsoft's Privacy Policy to learn more about how they protect your data.
Pair Networks
Pingman Tools uses Pair Networks' hosting services to store your personal information securely. Pair Networks acts on our behalf and in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Pair Networks does not access or view any of your personal information.
Please see Pair Networks' Privacy Policy to learn more about how they protect your information.
External links
Pingman Tools' websites contain links to external sites. Please refer to these sites' privacy policies, as they fall outside the control of Pingman Tools.
We will never knowingly link to an external site we believe may pose a risk to your safety or privacy.
International transfer of data
Your personal information is stored and processed on servers located within the United States of America for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. If you are a resident of a country outside the United States, you agree as part of this Privacy Policy to the global transfer, processing, and storage of your personal information.
Disclosure of information to 3rd parties
Pingman Tools does not and will not disclose any of your personal information to 3rd parties under any circumstance, except as described below.
Law enforcement or national security
If subpoenaed or otherwise legally compelled, we will surrender any relevant personal data mentioned above, only to the extent to which it is required by law.
Subsidiaries, affiliates, and third-party processors
Pingman Tools may disclose personal information to its subsidiaries and affiliates, along with any contractors, service providers, and other third parties we use to support and carry out certain business functions, such as order fulfillment, manufacturing, shipping, payment processing, e-mail delivery, or marketing.
Business acquisition
In the event of an acquisition or other sale or transfer of PingPlotter's assets, your personal information may be included as a means to continue your service. In this event, we will ensure as terms of acquisition that your information is only to be used in the manner described in this Privacy Policy.
At no point will Pingman Tools sell your personal information to a 3rd party for commercial purposes.
Your rights to your information
You have a right to access and control your personal information held by Pingman Tools. At any point, you can make a request to audit, correct, modify, or delete your personal information by contacting us at info@pingman.com.
In some cases, Pingman Tools may be unable to completely delete all of your personal information. These situations include needing any of the personal information mentioned above to provide the service you have paid for as well as any information we may be required by law to keep.
In the event we are unable to completely delete your personal information, you will be notified as to what information must be retained and why.
Cookies and similar technologies
"Cookies" are short strings of information that are collected upon your visit to our site in order to enhance your web-browsing experience. We use cookies to store visitors' preferences, such as items placed in your online shopping cart, in order to make your interaction with our site more personal. Web browsers can be modified in order to prevent cookie collection; however, this may impact your browsing activities. If you wish to prevent the collection of cookies, the "Help" portion of your browser will give instructions on how to disable this feature.
California privacy
If you are a California resident, California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits you to request information regarding the disclosure of your personal data by Pingman Tools or its affiliates to a third party for the third party's direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an email to info@pingman.com or write to us at:
Pingman Tools
405 S. 8th St. Suite 301
Boise, ID 83702
Children and privacy
Pingman Tools' websites, apps, and other electronic communications are not intended for Children under the age of 16. Pingman Tools does not knowingly collect, store, or otherwise use any information provided by any person under the age of 16 without a parent or guardian's consent. If someone under the age of 16 does happen to submit any personal information, have the child's parent or guardian contact Pingman Tools immediately at info@pingman.com so that it may be deleted.
Marketing and you
By your consent and within the constraints of the law and this Privacy Policy, we may use your personal information to contact you regarding Pingman Tools products and services. You may opt out at any time by using the "unsubscribe" link at the bottom of any email, or by contacting us at info@pingman.com
Use of Logo
By purchasing our products or services, you grant us the express right to use your company logo in marketing, sales, and other
communications solely to identify your company as a Pingman Tools customer. By purchasing our products or services,
Pingman Tools hereby grants to you and/or your company the express right to use the Pingman Tools and PingPlotter logos
solely to identify Pingman Tools as a provider of services to your company. Other than as expressly stated herein,
neither party shall use the other party's marks, codes, drawings or specifications without the prior written permission
of the other party.
You may opt out of our use of your company logo at any time by contacting us at info@pingman.com.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
It is our policy to post any changes we make to our Privacy Policy on this page with a notice that the Privacy Policy has been updated on the Website home page. If we make material changes to how we treat our users' personal information, we will notify you by email to the primary email address specified in your account or through a notice on the Website home page. The date the Privacy Policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page. You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable email address for you, and for periodically visiting our Website and this Privacy Policy to check for any changes.
Contact information
If you have questions or concerns regarding this policy or would like to contact our Data Protection Officer, you can contact us by email at info@pingman.com. You can also write to us at:
Pingman Tools
405 S. 8th St. Suite 301
Boise, ID 83702