https://www.kerneldatarecovery.com/privacy-policy.html
Home ~ Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Legal Disclaimer & Privacy Policy...
Legal Disclaimer & Privacy Policy
Kernel Data Recovery has made attempt to ensure the accurateness and trustworthiness of the information provided on this website. Every single communication contained in this website is intended for information only.
Terms of Use
Thank you for visiting the KernelApps Pvt Ltd website. The KernelApps Pvt Ltd website has been made available to you subject to your compliance with the terms and conditions set forth below (the "Conditions of Use"). Please read this document carefully before accessing or using the Kerneldatarecovery.com By accessing or using this website, you are agreeing to be bound by the Conditions of Use. If you do not wish to be bound by the Conditions of Use, you may not access or use the website.
Modification of these Conditions of Use
KernelApps Pvt Ltd reserves the right to change the terms, conditions, and notices at any time, and such modifications shall be effective immediately upon posting of such changes. You are therefore responsible for regularly reviewing these Conditions of Use and additional terms or notices posted on the KernelApps. Your continued access of this website shall be deemed your conclusive acceptance of the modified agreement.
Electronic Communications
When you visit the Kerneldatarecovery.com website or send e-mails to us, you are communicating with us electronically, and thereby you are consenting to receive communications from us electronically or by other means available. We will communicate with you electronically, by telephone or by facsimile. It is further understood that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communication be in writing.
Copyright and Licenses
The entire contents of this website, including but not limited to: Text, graphics, logos, Demo movies, images, audio clips, digital downloads and software, are the property of Kerneldatarecovery.com and are protected by trademark laws. You may not modify copy, reproduce, republish, upload, post, transmit, or distribute any portion of the website contents without the prior express written consent of KernelApps Pvt Ltd.
You may print or download portions of the materials from various areas of this website solely for your own non-commercial use provided that you agree not to change or delete any copyright or proprietary notices from the materials. If you believe any content appearing on our website constitutes a copyright infringement of other partys rights, please contact us immediately to notify us of the infringement.
License and Website Access
KernelApps Pvt Ltd grants you a limited license to access and make personal use of this website and not to download (other than for page caching purposes) or modify it, or any portion of it, except with the express written consent of KernelApps Pvt Ltd. This website or any portion of this website may not be reproduced, duplicated, adapted, copied, sold, resold, transmitted or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose without the express written consent of KernelApps Pvt Ltd.
You may not frame, or use any framing techniques to enclose any trademark, logo, or other proprietary information (including images, text, flash movie, page layout, or form) of KernelApps Pvt Ltd without the express written consent of KernelApps Pvt Ltd. You may not use META tags or any other "hidden text" which utilize KernelApps Pvt Ltd, KernelApps or any other derivative of our domain or company name without the express written consent of KernelApps Pvt Ltd.
You are hereby granted a limited, revocable, and nonexclusive right to create a hyperlink to the home page of KernelApps Ltd so long as the link does not portray any false, misleading, derogatory, or otherwise offensive matter.
It is further understood and agreed that KernelApps Pvt Ltd cannot and does not guarantee or warrant that files made available for downloading through the KernelApps Pvt Ltd website will be free of infection or viruses, worms, Trojan horses or other code that manifests contaminating or destructive properties. It is your responsibility for implementing sufficient safeguards and procedures to ensure that any files obtained through the KernelApps Pvt Ltd website are free from such contaminations. KernelApps Pvt Ltd will not be held liable for any damages of any kind arising from the use of this site, including, but not limited to direct, indirect, incidental, punitive and consequential damages.
KernelApps Pvt Ltd assumes no liability or responsibility for any typographical or other errors or omissions in the content of this site.
Collection of Personal Information
KernelApps will not collect personal information without your consent. You can browse our website without disclosing your sensitive information. At the time of making a purchase from our website, you need to Login with your account credentials. Thus, through this process, we procure your valuable contact details. Accordingly, you need to submit your name and email address so that we can respond to your inquiry or problems for specific software solutions, product purchase, and helps us in providing after-sales support. All personal information collected will be stored securely and with utmost confidentiality by implementing network protocols and access control methods removing possibilities of any unauthorized access.
How do we use your information?
Online Ordering
The personal information like email, contact address, mobile number and complementary details are collected at the time of placing an online order and for confirming your order We like to utilize the same information as a reference for seeking any further clarification on the order or solving order-related queries of the customers.
Technical Support Team
In order to revert back to your query in time, you need to share your personal information with our dedicated Helpdesk team. We respond to your product or purchase related queries through emails. During critical times, we solve the queries of the customers through telephonic conversations.
Information Security
KernelApps makes use of the standard industry practices to ensure the safety and security of your online transactions. Our payment gateways are integrated with advanced technologies that store the credit information of a customer safely. If you decide to purchase our products, you may need to give personal information and authorization to obtain information from credit transactions. Please note, We do not maintain a database of credit card information.
Critical Content
If you choose to connect with us through email, we prefer to preserve the content of your email messages which includes your email address, relevant responses, and important attachments. We try to safeguard the electronic communications and retain the information received by mail and telephone. By joining the KernelApps email update service, you agree to receive updates from us on recent launches, new products, and services, attractive offers and discounts, information on policy and guidelines. If you do not wish to remain a subscriber, you are able to remove your details from the subscriptions list in Member Profile or you can simply trigger the “unsubscribe” button from the newsletter you received.
Third-Party Links
Links to third-party Web sites on this site are provided solely as a convenience to you. If you use these links, you will leave this site. KernelApps Pvt Ltd has not reviewed all of these third-party sites and does not control and is not responsible for any of these sites or their content. Thus, KernelApps Pvt Ltd does not endorse or make any representations about them, or any information, software or other products or materials found there, or any results that may be obtained from using them. If you decide to access any of the third-party sites linked to this site, you do this entirely at your own risk.
Policy for Display Advertising
Google is a registered trademark of Google Inc.
We've implemented and use Display Advertising.
The Google Analytics features we've implemented based on Displayed Advertising (e.g., Remarketing, affinity audiences, custom affinity audiences, in-market audiences, similar audiences, demographic and location targeting).
Visitors can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize Google Display Network ads using the .Ads Preferences Manager
We use Remarketing with Google Analytics to advertise online.
Third-party vendors, including Google, show Our ads on sites across the Internet.
We and third-party vendors, including Google, use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) and third-party cookies (such as the Double click
Adroll Retargeting Advertising
By visiting Kerneldatarecovery.com, third parties (such as AdRoll) may place cookies on users browsers for targeted advertising purposes.
A description of the types of data (for example, IP addresses, email addresses, contact numbers, name, cookie identifiers, website activity) that are collected for targeted advertising.
The AdRoll website uses cookies, tracking pixels and related technologies. Cookies are small data files that are served by our platform and stored on your device.
Our site uses cookies dropped by us or third parties for a variety of purposes including to operate and personalize the website, Also, cookies may also be used to track how you use the site to target ads to you on other websites.
Instructions on how users can opt out of receiving targeted advertising: ( for example, a link to the DAA opt-out site www.aboutads.info or the NAI opt-out site at networkadvertising.org/choices, or for those in Europe, the EDAA opt out site at youronlinechoices.eu. )
Cookie Policy
We automatically collect specific Information when you visit our website. Like the traditional product-based websites, KernelApps Website utilizes a common algorithm called “cookies” and web server log files to collect information about our general website usage. Information gathered through cookies and web server logs may contain several statistics such as the date and time of visits, the name of the viewed pages, amount of time spent viewing definite pages, and other important trends. This assembled data allows us to understand which sections of the KernelApps Website are most popular, and which segment needs to be sufficiently modified in order to catch the attention of the visitors. The cumulative data we record through the use of cookies helps us in analyzing the structure, design, and content provided on our official website. It pushes us to improve our website on a regular basis and serve our customers in an improved manner. Cookies do not allow us to gather private information about you and we do not freeze your personal data that your browser provided to us.
Cookie Control Policy
How to Control Cookies?
Most of the browsers like Chrome, Firefox, IE allow you to manage cookies by browsing their settings preferences. But, if you do not permit the website to set cookies, you may successfully deteriorate your overall user experience. The user experience will be no more personalized and you might not be able to save the customized settings such as search information, previous searches.
To control cookies, you need to delete cookies from your hard drive, including already set cookies. You can also modify the preferences or settings in the web browsers. You can delete or dissolve your web browser history also. But you need to know that blocking or deleting cookies will degrade the user-experience and dwindle the functionalities of the website from a user's point of view.
Cookies and Browser Settings
As you know, Help feature is facilitated by almost all browsers. It will help you understand how to restrict the browser from accepting any new cookie, how to get a notification whenever a new cookie is received, and how to disable all cookies collectively. Moreover, you can easily deactivate similar data used by the browser add-ons like Flash cookies.
How to Disable Analytical Cookies?
If you want to disable the Analytics Cookies used by us, then simply click on the link below: Google Analytics: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
How to Disable Behavioral Cookies?
If you want to disable the Behavioral Cookies used by us, then simply click on the link below: http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html
How to Disable Improvely Cookies?
If you want to disable the Improvely Cookies used by us, then simply click on the link below: Improvely: https://demo.iljmp.com/optout
Trademarks
This site may contain brands, company names and product names of third parties, and following are the requirements for identifying trademarks and registered trademarks of those third parties. This list is not exhaustive and the site may contain brands, company names and product names of additional third parties. All brands, company names and product names are trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective holder.
Microsoft, MS, Microsoft Office, Microsoft Word, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft PowerPoint, Microsoft Access, Microsoft Publisher, Microsoft Exchange Server, Microsoft Outlook, Microsoft Outlook Express, Microsoft Backup, Microsoft Internet Explorer, Visual Foxpro and Windows are registered trademarks of Microsoft.
Sun is a registered trademark of Sun Microsystems.
Linux is a registered trademark of Linus Torvalds, the original author of the Linux kernel.
SCO, SCO OpenServer is a registered trademark of The SCO Group, Inc..
Apple, Mac, Macintosh are registered trademarks of Apple Computer, Inc.
Novell, Novell Netware are registered trademarks of Novell Inc.
IncrediMail is a registtered trademark of IncrediMail Ltd.
Palm, Palm OS are registered trademarks of Palm, Inc.
WinZip is a registered trademark of Nico Mak Computing, Inc.
Adobe Photoshop is a registered trademark of Adobe Systems Incorporated.
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless KernelApps Pvt Ltd, its officers, directors, owners, partners, employees, agents, licensors, suppliers and any third party information provider to the website from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including legal fees, resulting from any violation of these Conditions of Use (including negligent or wrongful conduct) by you or your use and access of the KernelApps Pvt Ltd website.
International Use
Given the global nature of the Internet, you agree to comply with all local rules including, without limitation, rules about the Internet, data, e-mail, privacy, copyright, and trademark infringement. Additionally, you agree to comply with all applicable laws regarding the transmission of technical data exported from the country in which you reside.
Other Provisions
KernelApps Pvt Ltd failure to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any provision of these Conditions of Use shall not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right. Neither the course of conduct between the parties nor trade practice shall act to modify any provision of these Conditions of Use. KernelApps Pvt Ltd may assign its rights and duties under these Conditions of Use to any party at any time without notice to you. If any of these conditions shall be deemed invalid, void, or for any reason unenforceable, that condition shall be deemed severable and shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any remaining condition. Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved.
Search Softwares
Contact us | 1-866-348-7872
Products
Exchange Server
Exchange Server Recovery
Recover EDB file data to PST, Exchange, or Office 365
Exchange Migrator
Exchange Server and Office 365 Migration
Exchange Suite
Recover data from corrupted EDB, OST and Outlook PST files.
Backup Exchange Server Mailbox
Backup Exchange on-premises & hosted mailboxes
GroupWise to Exchange
Migrate GroupWise mailboxes to Exchange server
Office 365
Office 365 Migration
Migrate from mailboxes from Office 365 tenant to tenant
SharePoint MigratorMigrates SharePoint data to another SharePoint
Office 365 Backup & Restore
Backup & Restore Office 365 Mailbox Data to PST.
PST to Office 365 Migration
Migrate Outlook PST files to Exchange Online (Office 365)
Export Office 365 Mailbox to PST
Export multiple Office 365 mailboxes to Outlook PST file
IMAP Migration to Office 365
Migrate mailboxes from IMAP Servers to Office 365/Exchange
Lotus Notes to Office 365
Migrate Domino/NSF mailboxes to Office 365 Cloud
Office 365 Migrator For GroupWise
Migrate GroupWise mailboxes to Office 365 cloud
MS Outlook
PST Recovery
Repair damaged and corrupted Outlook PST files.
Split PST File
Split large PST files into small files by different criteria.
Merge PST Files
Merge or join multiple PST files into new or existing PST.
Remove Outlook Duplicate
Remove duplicate items and reduce Outlook PST file size.
Export IMAP to Outlook PST
Export single/multiple IMAP mailboxes to PST.
Outlook Password Recovery
Remove, recover, and reset your Outlook PST password.
Outlook Suite
Complete PST Recovery solution from PST corruption, large-size issues, and Outlook duplicates.
Attachment Management
Extract your Outlook email attachments to the hard disk.
Email Converter
OST Recovery
Recover & Convert OST file to PST/MBOX/MSG/Office 365
MBOX to PST Converter
Migrate Apple Mail, Thunderbird, Eudora, and Opera mailboxes to MS Outlook
OLM to PST Converter
Migrate Outlook mailboxes from Mac to Windows environment
Convert EDB to PST
Save Exchange mailboxes to Outlook PST, Exchange, or Office 365
EML to PST Converter
Convert EML emails to MS Outlook PST
NSF to PST Converter
Convert NSF files to PST, and access Notes mailboxes in Outlook
PST Recovery
Repair PST files, and save to Outlook, Exchange, or Office 365
View All Products
File Recovery
Windows Data Recovery
Recover data from Windows partitions and removable storage devices
Virtual Disk Recovery
Recover data from fixed, differencing, and dynamic VHD/VHDX files
VMware Recovery
Recover inaccessible or deleted VMDK file from VMware workstation
Excel Recovery
Repair XLS and XLSX files of MS Excel (all versions)
Word Recovery
Repair MS Word documents in all formats—DOC, DOT, DOCX, DOCM, DOTX, & DOTM
Photo Repair Tool
Repair corrupt, damaged and inaccessible photo of any formats
Video Repair Tool
Repairs corrupt, damaged and inaccessible video files
View All Products
Database Recovery
SQL Database Recovery
Repair and restore damaged SQL database files
Access Recovery
Fix Access database issues and recover MDB and ACCDB files
MYSQL Recovery
Repair MyIASM database and recover damaged MYSQL files
DBF Recovery
Repair corrupted DBF files and restore inaccessible data
SharePoint Server Recovery
Repair corrupted and damaged SharePoint database files
Offers
Partners
Blog
Free Tools
EDB Viewer
PST Viewer
OST Viewer
MBOX Viewer
OLM Viewer
EML Viewer
Outlook Password Recovery
Outlook Express Password Recovery
Company
News
Awards & Reviews
Testimonials
Contact Us
Blog
Affiliate Program