https://www.recognos.com/privacy-policy/
Menu
What We DoAbout Us   —   The Team   —   Affiliations   —   Our ValuesCase StudiesCareers   —   Internship   —   San Mateo, CA   —   Cluj, ROContact
Social Link
© Recognos 2019. All Rights Reserved.
-
TERMS AND CONDITIONS |
PRIVACY POLICY |
COOKIE POLICY
What We Do
About Us
The Team
Affiliations
Our Values
Case Studies
Careers
Internship
San Mateo, CA
Cluj, RO
Contact
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to Recognos. Therefore, Recognos is committed to respecting your privacy and the confidentiality of your personal data, traffic data and communications content.
The purpose of this policy is to explain to you how we control, process, handle and protect your personal information while browsing or using this website, including your rights under current laws and regulations based on the terms used by the European legislator for the adoption of the General Data Protection Regulation (679/2016 GDPR)
CONTENTS
Collection of Personal Data
How may Recognos use your personal information
Legal Basis for Processing
Our disclosure of your personal information.
Data security and integrity
How Long We Keep Your Personal Information
Cookies
COLLECTION OF PERSONAL DATA
Generally, you can visit Recognos website without providing any Personal Data about yourself. However, in order to access some parts of our websites, such as contact form and recruitment forms. Providing Personal Data to us in these events is voluntary. The purposes, for which your Personal Data is collected, are described below, along with a brief description of how your Personal Data may be handled in each case. If you contact us using the online form provided on this Website, we ask you to give us your:
identification data (name, company, email address, your request);
profile information (phone, LinkedIn, GitHub, Stack Overflow profile)
electronic identification data (IP addresses), and any another information that you choose to provide in the “message” section, including the reason for the enquiry.
You can complete the contact form manually, or you can choose to import your contact details from LinkedIn, GitHub or Stack Overflow by sending us the URL to your profile on LinkedIn, GitHub or Stack Overflow account. In this case we will receive contact information contained in your LinkedIn, GitHub or Stack Overflow profile, directly from them. If you choose to apply for a job advertised on the careers pages of this Website, we will receive an email with your contact details and any another personal and professional information. During the application process you can choose to either:
import a profile of your personal and professional information from LinkedIn, GitHub or Stack Overflow in which case the information contained in your LinkedIn, GitHub or Stack Overflow profile (such as your current job role and employer) will be provided to us by LinkedIn, GitHub or Stack Overflow;
and used to populate our online recruitment form;
upload a curriculum vitae (CV); or
manually enter your details on our online recruitment form, in which case you will be asked to provide: your name and contact details.
HOW MAY RECOGNOS USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We may collect, store, and use your personal information for the following purposes:
Contact – Contacting you via email, telephone, post or to review your profile. We use the personal information that you provide on our online contact form to respond to, and follow up on, your query.
Recruitment – If you submit a resume or job application online, we will use your Personal Data for recruitment-related purposes, which may include contacting you via email, telephone, post or to review your profile. We use the personal information that you submit to us on our recruitment portal to decide on your suitability for the role that you have applied for. If you are successful and accept the role we will use your personal information provided during the online application process to carry out pre-employment screening (further details of which will be provided to you at the time) and this information will also form part of your employment file.
If you are unsuccessful or choose not to accept the role, we will retain your details for a period of six months from the date that that we notify you that your application has been unsuccessful / you notify us of your decision not to accept the role.
Statistics – Compiling statistics regarding the use of the website.
LEGAL BASIS FOR PROCESSING
We take appropriate measures to ensure that all processing of your personal information by us, or by our service providers, is lawful. The lawful basis for the processing of your personal information will depend on the purposes for which we process your information. The legal grounds for our processing of your personal information, are as follows:
to comply with our legal obligations when recruiting staff;
where this is necessary for the performance of a contract with you, or in order to take steps at your request before entering into a contract with you; and
where necessary for our legitimate interests:
– in responding to contact requests and making follow-up communications;
– in recruiting staff.
OUR DISCLOSURE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
Except as provided below, Recognos will not sell, rent, trade or otherwise transfer any personal and/or traffic data or communications content, without your explicit permission, unless it is obliged to do so under applicable laws or by order of the competent authorities. We may transfer your personal information to other countries. The countries in the European Economic Area are considered to provide the same level of protection to personal information as the Romania does. Companies outside the European Economic Area with whom we may share your personal data include our other group companies, IT providers and other suppliers. We make sure that, where your personal information is transferred to any country outside the Romania and the European Economic Area, either to another Recognos Group company or a third party, this is done using specific legally-approved safeguards.
DATA SECURITY AND INTEGRITY
Recognos will retain your information for as long as is necessary to: fulfil any of the Purposes or comply with applicable legislation, regulatory requests and relevant orders from competent courts. Recognos will take appropriate technical and security measures to protect your information. By using this product, you consent to the storage of your personal information as described above.
Where appropriate, we use encryption or other security measures which we deem appropriate to protect your personal information. We also review our security procedures periodically to consider appropriate new technology and updated methods. While no measure is impenetrable, we do our best to ensure that your personal information remains safe.
HOW LONG WE KEEP YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We keep your personal information for no longer than is necessary for the purposes for which the personal information is collected. When deciding how long we should keep your personal information we take into account factors including:
legal obligation(s) under applicable law to retain data for a certain period of time;
(potential) disputes, and guidelines issued by relevant data protection authorities.
Otherwise, we securely erase your information once this is no longer needed.
COOKIES
Where you use our Website, we will process your personal information collected by using cookies in accordance with our Cookie Policy.
REQUESTS REGARDING YOUR PERSONAL DATA: ACCESS, CORRECTION, UPDATE AND DELETION
Subject to applicable law and certain exemptions, you may have the right to:
The right to be informed
You have the right to be provided with clear, transparent and easily understandable information about how we use your personal information and your rights. This is why we’re providing you with the information in this Privacy Notice.
The right of access,
You have the right to obtain access to your personal information (if we’re processing it), and other certain other information (similar to that provided in this Privacy Notice).
The right to rectification,
You are entitled to have your personal information corrected if it is inaccurate or incomplete.
The right to erasure,
This is also known as ‘the right to be forgotten’ and, in simple terms, enables you to request the deletion or removal of your personal information where there is no compelling reason for us to keep using it. This is not a general right to erasure; there are exceptions.
The right to restrict processing,
You have rights to ‘block’ or suppress further use of your personal information. When processing is restricted, we can still store your personal information, but may not use it further. We keep lists of people who have asked for further use of their information to be ‘blocked’ to make sure the restriction is respected in future.
The right to data portability,
You have rights to obtain and reuse your personal information for your own purposes across different services.
The right to object
You have the right to object to certain types of processing, including processing for direct marketing (which we do only with your consent). Further information and advice about your rights can be obtained from the The National Supervisory Authority For Personal Data Processing: www.dataprotection.ro/
We may amend this Privacy Notice at any time. Please check this page regularly for updates.
For further information about your rights, about this Privacy Notice generally or to make a complaint please contact us:
By email: office@recognos.com
By phone: +40 264 591 196;
or
In writing to: RECOGNOS ROMANIA, Victor Babes street, no.21, 1st floor, Cluj-Napoca, Cluj county, Romania.
Case Studies: We have a “value proposition” approach to any project. We seek to generate value for both the customer and our shareholders, and we believe this is best achieved by close relationships, transparency and knowledge sharing.
To prove we don’t just talk the talk, here’s how we walk the walk:
MEDIA SENTRY
Recognos has built a product that allows high visibility companies to monitor, in a structured way, all media content published on the Internet that is of interest for the […]
Rebalancing System
Recognos has built a Portfolio Rebalancing System for a major financial market player in the US Investment Industry. Through a complex investment product (investment model) […]
© Recognos 2019. All Rights Reserved.
-
TERMS AND CONDITIONS |
PRIVACY POLICY |
COOKIE POLICY
SEE OUR OPENINGS
We're hiring!