https://www.clearvision-cm.com/company/legal/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
By using our services, you are agreeing to these terms. Please read them carefully.
Clearvision Website Privacy Policy
This Policy explains how Clearvision collects, stores, uses and discloses information about you in the course of our business, including through our websites that link to this Policy (such as www.clearvision-cm.com) (the “Sites”), our data-warehousing service (the “Service”) and through other means such as our, sales, marketing activities, surveys, professional consultancy services, and recruitmentFor the purpose of the Data Protection Legislation (which includes the Data Protection Act 1998 the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679))(GDPR), we are the Data Controller and our address is:
Clearvision CM (2005) Limited Laurel Farm Wintershill Durley Southampton SO32 2AH
This Policy does not apply to the content that our customers and their end-users store on the Clearvision Service. We also make a self-service version of the Service available through the Sites or the AWS Marketplace. The provisions of the customer’s agreement with Clearvision govern customer content uploaded to the Service. For more information about our data use around our Service see the “Information when using the Service” Section below. INFORMATION COLLECTEDInformation we collect from you When using the SitesWe may collect your name, email address, postal address, phone number and other information you provide via the Sites when, for example, you submit inquiries, request more information about our services, complete surveys, download white papers, provide feedback about our services, or register for sales, events or marketing activities.When you register to use our ServiceWhen you register to use our Service we may collect your personal information (like name and contact details). Our use of the personal information you provide during registration for a Service is subject to this Privacy Policy.We may also collect your personal information, including name and contact details, if you contact us directly via email, mail or phone or at an event, meeting, conference or otherwise.Information we automatically collect When using the SitesWe automatically collect certain information when you visit or use the Sites. This information does not necessarily reveal your identity but may include information about the specific device you are using, such as your computer’s operating system, web-browser version and Internet Protocol (IP) address. We also automatically collect and store information about your activities on our Sites, such as information about how you came to and used our Sites, device event information (like access times and browser type and language) and data collected through cookies and other similar technologies that uniquely identify your browser (see below).We and our third party partners may automatically collect information using “cookies.” Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive by a website. Among other things, cookies help us improve our Sites and your experience. We use cookies to see which areas and features are popular and to count visits to our Sites.Web Beacons. We may collect information using Web beacons. Web beacons are electronic images that may be used via the Service or in our emails. We use Web beacons to deliver cookies, count visits, understand usage and campaign effectiveness and to tell if an email has been opened and acted upon.Local Shared Objects. We may use local shared objects, also known as Flash cookies, to store your preferences such as volume control or to display content based upon what you view on our Sites to personalize your visit. Third party partners provide certain features on our Sites and display advertising based upon your Web browsing activity using Flash cookies to collect and store information. Flash cookies are different from browser cookies because of the amount of, type of, and way in which data is stored. Cookie management tools provided by your browser usually will not remove Flash cookies. To learn how to manage privacy and storage settings for certain Flash cookies click here Information from third party sourcesFrom time to time, we may obtain information about you from third party sources, such as public databases, resellers and distributors, joint marketing partners, social media platforms, as well as from other third parties. Examples of the information we may receive from other sources include: account information, page-view information and contact information from some business partners with which we operate co-branded events, services, marketing campaigns or joint offerings; search results and links, including paid listings (such as sponsored links); and credit history information from credit bureaus. Information when using the ServiceWe automatically collect certain data relating to the performance and configuration of our Service and our customers’ and their end-users’ consumption and use of, and interaction with, the Service (“Usage Data”). Usage Data is generally technical information or data obtained from APIs, product software or systems hosting the products and services, devices accessing these products and services, solutions and/or log files generated during such use but may also include information such as IP addresses (which may in some jurisdictions be considered personal information). Such Usage Data is used for Clearvision to maintain and operate the Service and, separately, to analyze and improve the Service. Usage Data does not include any customer or end-user content stored in the Service. Customer ContentIn the course of providing our Service, Clearvision processes customer content that our customers and their end users may submit to and store in our Service. We process customer content purely on behalf of our customers in accordance with the contract we have in place with our customers, not this Privacy Policy. If you have any questions or concerns about how such information is handled, you should contact the person or entity who has contracted with Clearvision to use the Service to host or process this information. Targeted Online AdvertisementsWe use one or more third party service providers to serve ads on the Sites and/or other websites. These third parties may automatically collect and use certain information about your online activities, either on our Sites and/or other websites, such your IP address, your ISP, and the browser you are using. They do this using cookies, clear gifs and similar tracking technologies.Information collected may be used, alone or in combination with information about you we obtain from other sources (like our data partners and offline customer data), to among other things, deliver advertising targeted to your interests, including to serve ads related to our products or services when you access and use other websites and to better understand the usage of the Sites tracked by these third parties. This policy does not apply to, and we are not responsible for, cookies or clear gifs in third party ads, and we encourage you to check the privacy policies of advertisers and/or ad services to learn about their use of cookies and other technology. THIRD PARTY APPLICATIONSWe may link to certain third party websites and applications. In those circumstances, your use of the Sites will be subject to this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use, whether you are required to click through or otherwise. In addition, the third party website may also impose its own terms and conditions and privacy policies on your activities on their website. However you access our sites, you agree to be bound by and comply with this privacy policy and the clearvision terms of use and waive any objection to the enforceability thereof with respect to your use of the sites. USE OF INFORMATION WE COLLECTWe use personal information collected via the Sites and our Service for purposes described in this Policy, including using your information to:operate and improve our Sites, products, and services;understand you and your preferences to enhance and personalize your experience and enjoyment when using our Sites, products, and services;enhance security, monitor and verify identity or service access, combat spam or other malware or security risks;process and deliver contest entries and rewards;respond to your comments or questions or provide information requested by youto provide customer service;provide and deliver products and services you request;to send you related information, including confirmations, invoices, technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages;to send you marketing and promotional communications (where this is in accordance with your marketing preferences);to communicate with you about one of our events or our partner events;link or combine it with other personal information we get from third parties, to help understand your needs and provide you with better service;process your information for other legitimate business purposes, such as recruitment processes, data analysis, audits, collecting and assessing feedback, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and to evaluate and improve our products, services, marketing and customer relationships.Clearvision may store and process personal information in the United States and other countries. SHARING OF PERSONAL INFORMATIONWe only share your personal information:with third parties (including but not limited to third party vendors, consultants, contractors, partners, resellers and other service providers) for their own marketing purposes (subject to their separate privacy policies) unless you tell us not to;with third party vendors, consultants, contractors, partners, resellers and other service providers who work for/with us and need access to your information to do that work. Examples include vendors and service providers who provide assistance with marketing, billing, processing credit card payments, data analysis, technical support and customer service. Unless described in this Policy, we do not share, sell, rent, or trade any of your personal information with third parties for their promotional purposes;with third party business partners, such as distributors, referral partners, resellers and vendors, that are involved in providing services to our prospects and/or customers, to fulfill product and information requests and to provide customers and prospective customers with information about Clearvision and its products and services. From time to time, we may engage in joint sales or product promotions with select third party business partners. If you purchase or specifically express an interest in a jointly-offered product, promotion or services, we may share relevant personal information with those partner(s). Please be aware that we do not control our third party business partners’ use of such information. Our third party business partners are responsible for managing their own use of the personal information collected in these circumstances. We recommend you review the privacy policies of the relevant third party business partner to find out more about their handling of your personal information.to (i) comply with laws or to respond to lawful requests and legal process, (ii) to protect our rights and property and that of our agents, customers, members, and others including to enforce our agreements, policies and terms of use or (iii) in an emergency to protect the personal safety of any person;in connection with or during negotiation of any merger, financing, acquisition, or dissolution, transaction or proceeding involving sale, transfer, divestiture, or disclosure of all or a portion of our business or assets to another company.We may also share aggregated or de-identified information. SECURITY OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATIONWe take all reasonable and appropriate steps to help protect your personal information in an effort to prevent loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction.
Clearvision Services Privacy Policy ScopeThis section of this Policy covers the privacy practices that Clearvision (“Clearvision” or “we”) employs when providing support, consulting, Cloud, training or other services (the “services”) to our customers (“you” or “your”). Customer Information and Services DataCustomer Information is information that we may collect from your use of the Clearvision Sites and your interactions with us offline. We deal with customer information according to the terms of this Policy.For the purpose of the Data Protection Legislation (which includes the Data Protection Act 1998 the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679))(GDPR), we are the Data Controller and our address is:
Clearvision CM (2005) Limited Laurel Farm Wintershill Durley Southampton SO32 2AH
Services Data is data that resides on a cloud based CRM system, customer or third-party systems to which Clearvision is provided access to perform services (including Cloud environments as well as test, development and production environments that may be accessed to perform consulting, training and support services). Clearvision treats services data according to the terms of this policy, and treats services data as confidential in accordance with the terms of your order for services.To illustrate the difference between customer information and services data, when a customer contracts with Clearvision for Cloud services, the customer provides information about itself, including its name, address, billing information, and some employee contact information. Clearvision may also collect other information about the customer and some employees, for example through its web sites, as part of that interaction. All of that information is customer information, and is treated according to Clearvision’s general privacy policy.In contrast, having contracted with Clearvision for Cloud or other services, the customer provides Clearvision access to its production, development or test environment, which may include personal information about its employees, customers, partners or suppliers (collectively “end users”). Clearvision may collect information / data on customers employees to gauge competency when contracted to provide training services.How Clearvision Collects and Uses Services DataBelow are the conditions under which Clearvision may access, collect and/or use services data. To Provide Services and to Fix IssuesServices data may be accessed and used to perform services under your order for support, consulting, Cloud or other services and to confirm your compliance with the terms of your order. This may include testing and applying new product or system versions, patches, updates and upgrades; monitoring and testing system use and performance; and resolving bugs and other issues you have reported to Clearvision. Any copies of services data created for these purposes are only maintained for time periods relevant to those purposes. As a Result of Legal RequirementsClearvision may be required to retain or provide access to services data to comply with legally mandated reporting, disclosure or other legal process requirements.Clearvision may transfer and access services data globally as required for the purposes specified above. If Clearvision hires subcontractors to assist in providing services, their access to services data will be consistent with the terms of your order for services and this services privacy policy. Clearvision is responsible for its subcontractors’ compliance with the terms of this policy and your order.Clearvision does not use services data except as stated above or in your order. Clearvision may process services data, but does not control your collection or use practices for services data. If you provide any services data to Clearvision, you are responsible for providing any notices and/or obtaining any consents necessary for Clearvision to access, use, retain and transfer services data as specified in this policy and your order. Access ControlsClearvision’s access to services data is based on job role/responsibility. Services data residing in Clearvision-hosted systems is controlled via an access control list, as well as the use of an account management framework. You control access to services data by your end users; end users should direct any requests related to their personal information to you. Security and Breach NotificationClearvision is committed to the security of your services data, and has in place physical, administrative and technical measures designed to prevent unauthorised access to that information.Clearvision is also committed to reducing risks of human error, theft, fraud, and misuse of Clearvision facilities. Clearvision’s efforts include making personnel aware of security policies and training employees to implement security policies. Clearvision employees are required to maintain the confidentiality of services data. Employees’ obligations include written confidentiality agreements, regular training on information protection, and compliance with company policies concerning protection of confidential information.Clearvision promptly evaluates and responds to incidents that create suspicions of unauthorized handling of services data. Clearvision Legal are informed of such incidents and, depending on the nature of the activity, define escalation paths and response teams to address the incidents. If Clearvision determines that your services data has been misappropriated (including by an Clearvision employee) or otherwise wrongly acquired by a third party, Clearvision will promptly report such misappropriation or acquisition to you.
Recruitment Privacy PolicyThis policy lets you know how Clearvision (“Clearvision” or “we”) collects and uses your personal information in connection with Clearvision’s recruiting efforts more generally, both online and offline. This policy describes the broadest potential use of personal information; we may make less use of your personal information than is described here.Your provision of personal information in connection with the recruiting or job application process confirms your consent for Clearvision to collect that information and to use, transfer, retain and share it with third parties as specified in this policy.For the purpose of the Data Protection Legislation (which includes the Data Protection Act 1998 the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679))(GDPR), we are the Data Controller and our address is:Clearvision CM (2005) LimitedLaurel FarmWintershillDurleySouthamptonSO32 2AH Collecting Personal InformationYou may provide personal information to Clearvision. Clearvision’s recruitment team asks for certain data, including educational and employment background, contact information and preferences, job qualifications, and jobs for which you would like to submit an application. You also may choose to provide Clearvision additional information, such as your CV, resume, or transcripts; employment references and related information; and compensation requests. In addition, Clearvision may collect information from third parties, for example, in connection with a background or employment check and/or an employment reference.Clearvision’s websites, including may use cookies and other electronic communication protocols. For further information, please consult Clearvision’s Privacy Policy. Sensitive Personal InformationClearvision does not request or require sensitive personal information concerning religion, health, sexual orientation, or political affiliation in connection with recruiting. If you have a disability and would like Clearvision to consider any accommodation, you may provide that information during the recruiting process. We may ask for information such as race or ethnicity for the purpose of monitoring equal opportunity; however, we do not require applicants to provide race or ethnicity information, and if you provide this information it will not be viewable in the hiring or selection process.To the extent information you provide contains details of your racial or ethnic origin; political opinions or beliefs; religious beliefs; membership in a trade union or political party; physical or mental health or condition; sexual orientation; commission or alleged commission of an offense or related proceedings; job evaluations or educational records, you expressly authorize Clearvision to handle such details as specified in this policy. Voluntary DisclosureYour provision of personal information in connection with recruiting is voluntary, and you determine the extent of information you provide to Clearvision; please note that if you decide not to provide information, it may affect our ability to consider you for employment.Using Personal InformationThe information may be used to communicate with you, to manage Clearvision’s recruiting and hiring processes, and for compliance with corporate governance and legal and regulatory requirements. If you are hired, the information may be used in connection with employment and corporate management. Data Recipients and Sharing with Third PartiesClearvision may share your personal information internally and with service providers and other third parties as necessary in connection with recruiting, employment, corporate governance, acquisitions and legal or regulatory requirements, to respond to requests from public and government authorities, including public and government authorities outside your country of residence, for national security and/or law enforcement purposes. Clearvision requires that its service providers and such other third parties keep your personal information confidential and that they only use the personal information in furtherance of the specific purpose for which it was disclosed. Clearvision and its service providers may use your personal information in an anonymized format (in a form in which your identity cannot be determined) for other purposes not specified above, including in the development and testing of products and services. Security and ConfidentialityExcept as otherwise stated in this policy or as required for legal or regulatory purposes, Clearvision treats your personal information as confidential and will not disclose it to third parties without your consent. Clearvision maintains, and requires its services providers to maintain, reasonable administrative, physical, and technical controls designed to protect the confidentiality and security of your personal information. Clearvision employees who may have access to personal information are required to keep that information confidential.Clearvision may employ security procedures at its facilities and on its computer systems to monitor and maintain security, including the use of closed circuit television. Any monitoring of Clearvision facilities, systems or assets is performed in accordance with applicable law. Retention and AccessClearvision may retain your information to consider you for other job opportunities. To the extent permitted or required by law, Clearvision may delete data at any time; accordingly, you should retain your own copy of any information you submit to us. If you do not wish us to retain such information please let us know by emailing data@clearvision-cm.com. Your ResponsibilitiesYou are responsible for the information you provide or make available to Clearvision, and you must ensure it is honest, truthful, accurate and not misleading in any way. You must ensure that the information provided does not contain material that is obscene, defamatory, or infringing on any rights of any third party; does not contain malicious code; and is not otherwise legally actionable. Further, if you provide any information concerning any other person, such as individuals you provide as references, you are responsible for providing any notices and obtaining any consents necessary for Clearvision to collect and use that information as described in this policy. Cross Border TransfersClearvision is a global company with operations in the US, UK and India and has developed global data security practices designed to ensure that your personal information is appropriately protected. Please note that personal information may be transferred, accessed and stored at our global offices as necessary in accordance with this privacy policy. Dispute ResolutionIf you have any complaints regarding our compliance with this privacy policy, you should first contact us. We will investigate and attempt to resolve complaints and disputes regarding use and disclosure of personal information in accordance with this privacy policy.If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact us on the following: data@clearvision-cm.com or visit our corporate website: TBA ComplianceIf you believe your services data has been used in a way that is not consistent with this policy, or if you have further questions related to this policy, please contact HR Privacy Officer at data@clearvision-cm.com. Written inquiries may be addressed to:Human ResourcesClearvision (CM) 2005 LimitedLaurel FarmWintershillDurleySouthamptonSO32 2AHYOUR INFORMATION CHOICES AND CHANGESYou may opt out of receiving promotional emails from us by following the instructions in those emails. If you opt out, we may still send you non-promotional emails, such as emails about your accounts or our ongoing business relations. You may also send requests about your contact preferences and changes to your information including requests to opt-out of sharing your personal information with third parties by emailing data@clearvision-cm.comMost Web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove cookies and to reject cookies. If you choose to remove cookies or reject cookies, this could affect certain features or services of our Service.GeneralWe may update this policy from time to time. In the event we make material changes that reduces your rights or Clearvision obligations under this policy, we will post a prominent notice in this section of this policy notifying users when it is updated. If you have any questions or concerns about this policy or its application, or if you believe your personal information has been used in a way that is not consistent with this policy or your specified preferences, or if you have any queries related to GDPR – Information Requests / Right to be Forgotten requests – please email us at data@clearvision-cm.com or contact us by mail at the above mentioned address – our team will forward the necessary documents for completion based on the requests.
View Our Other Legal Documents
Website Terms
By using Clearvision’s website, you are agreeing to these terms. Please read our Website Terms carefully.
Read More »
Terms Of Use
By using Clearvision’s services, you are agreeing to these terms. Please read our Terms of Use carefully.
Read More »
Legal
Clearvision’s legal terms for using our products and using our services, including privacy policy and terms of use.
Read More »
Primary SidebarSearch this website
This website uses cookies to give you the best, most relevant experience and to analyse our traffic. If you continue, we’ll assume that you are happy to receive all cookies on our website. Read More ACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are as essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.