http://www.x2cms.com/privacy.asp
website builder
web development
website design
resellers
private label
customer login
Home
Packages
Features
Templates
Questions
Tour
Buy Now
Privacy Policy protecting your privacy
We are committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy explains our practices regarding Personal Data and other information that we collect in connection with your use of the Site.
By using the Site you consent to the policies and practices contained in this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with the data practices described in this Privacy Policy, you should not use the Site.
Our Terms of Use
This Policy is part of the Terms of Use that govern your use of this Site. A link to our Terms of Use is provided at the bottom of each page of this Site.
Our Privacy Commitment
Transparency - We will always tell you what data we’re collecting about you and how we use it.
Security - We implement security practices based on presiding legislation and industry best practices to ensure your data is stored safely and securely. We protect the confidentiality, accuracy and availability of the information we collect about you.
Control - We always give you control over your data and the communications you receive from us and protect your rights under prevailing legislation including GDPR.
Information We Collect and Store About You
Personal and contact information when you register an account or purchase a product from us online (or update that information in your account). This personal data provided when you register with the Site will include your name, email address, telephone number(s), billing information and date of birth.
Details of your communications and interactions with us via contact forms, email, online webchats, internal messaging and posts to forums or social walls.
Information about how you use the Site including which content you have viewed, survey responses and other interactions on our Site.
Technical information about your device or browser when you use our app or website, including geolocation data to determine what country you are accessing the Site from, your internet protocol (IP) address, device ID, browser type/version and time zone setting (which may in some circumstances be personal data).
IP address and other personal identifying data
x2cms collects information about users’ IP addresses, including usage of our Website. We collect this data to help us develop our Website to better suit our Website users’ requirements and experience. We may use information about your IP address to help identify and resolve problems with our server, administer our Website, analyze trends, track visitor movements, and gather information that assists us in identifying visitor preferences. We also may use your IP address to enhance our security and investigate an actual or potential security incident. This use of your information is necessary for our legitimate interests in understanding how the Website and our Services are being used by you, to improve your experience and to ensure network and information security.
How We use Information we Store About You
We use the Personal Data we collect from you to:
Provide and tailor the content and services we provide. For EU Data Subjects, such use is necessary for the performance of the contract between you and us.
Respond directly to your information requests (including registrations or other specific requests) or other inquiries. For EU Data Subjects, such use is necessary to respond to or implement your request.
Communication and marketing
We also use your contact information to contact you by email regarding information that we think may be of interest to you. If you do not wish to receive marketing materials, brochures, or emails from you may inform us of your preference by sending a letter, email or updating your preferences within “My Profile” or contacting us at the contact information below. You may also submit a contact form through the Site and unsubscribe from our communications by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link located on the bottom of all of our e-mails.
We will send you marketing information or notifications only with your consent, which was given at the time your personal data was provided. If you do not provide us with your consent to the processing of your Personal Data for this purpose, we will not send you this information.
How we share your data with third parties
We sometimes share the data we collect from you with the following trusted third parties:
Law enforcement agencies as part of an investigation or otherwise for legal or regulatory purposes.
Appropriate agencies when we respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims;
Appropriate agencies when we believe it is necessary to share information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of our website's terms of use, or as otherwise required by law.
We will disclose your personal information to third parties if we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal or regulatory obligation or request. We do this in order to protect our rights, property or safety.
We may also share your information as part of a business transfer. Your information may be transferred to a successor organization if, for example, we transfer the ownership or operation of this Site to another organization or if we merge with another organization. If such a transfer occurs, the successor organization’s use of your information will still be subject to this Policy and the privacy preferences you have expressed to us.
How long do we store your personal data
Personal data that we process and store will not be retained for longer than is necessary for the purpose(s) for which it has been obtained. In some cases it is not possible for us to specify in advance the periods for which your personal data will be retained. In these instances, we will determine the period of retention based on customary business practice.
Notwithstanding any contrary provisions in this Policy, however, we may retain your Personal Data where such retention is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.
How do we protect your personal data
We are committed to taking reasonable efforts to secure the information that you choose to provide us. We use a variety of security procedures to help protect against unauthorized access to or alteration, disclosure, or destruction of Personal Data. We restrict access to Personal Data to x2cms employees who need to know the information to operate, develop, or improve our services.
x2cms is accessed using https rather than http to ensure information that is sent and received is encrypted for additional security. You can check this is always the case in the address bar of your browser.
Your rights
You have the right:
to ask us not to use your personal data for direct marketing or communications with you. To do so, visit your profile and communication settings within your account.
to ask us not to process your personal data where it is processed on the basis of legitimate interests, if there are no compelling reasons for that processing;
to request from us access to personal information held about you
to ask for the information we hold about you to be rectified if it is inaccurate or incomplete;
to ask that we stop any consent-based processing of your personal data after you withdraw that consent;
to ask, in certain circumstances, to delete the personal data we hold about you;
to ask, in certain circumstances, for the processing of that information to be restricted; and
to ask, in certain circumstances, for data portability.
to request and obtain from us, once a calendar year, information about the personal information we shared, if any, with other businesses for marketing uses.
Access to Your Information
If you would like to review, correct and update the personal information you have provided to us through this Site, please contact us by email at dpo@x2cms.com. We will respond to your request within the time limit set out by the applicable privacy legislation. We will use reasonable efforts to comply with your request as required by applicable law.
Links to Other Websites
This Policy applies only to this Site. This Site may also contain links to websites that are not operated by us. These links are provided for your reference and convenience only and do not imply any endorsement of the products sold or information provided through these websites, nor any association with their operators. We do not control these websites and is not responsible for their data practices. Any information you provide to third parties on their websites is covered under their privacy and data collection policies and is not covered by this Policy. We urge you to review the privacy policy posted on any site you visit before using the site or providing any personal information.
Governing Law
This Policy shall be governed under the laws of the State of New Jersey, United States of America without regard to its conflicts of law provisions.
Age requirements and children
Students are encouraged to use this website with parental or other guidance from an adult. x2cms is not intended for use by or targeted at children under 16, and we do not knowingly or intentionally collect information about children under 16. Children under 16 should not use x2cms or related Apps.
Cookies
We use cookies and similar technologies to recognize you, your browser and your device. There are three primary types of cookies in use on x2cms. Here is how and why we use each type of cookie:
Strictly necessary cookies
These are required for the operation of x2cms and related apps. Without these cookies you will not be able to use some functionality on x2cms such as registering and signing into your account, completing surveys or using our website builder or other services..
Performance cookies
These cookies collect information about how you use x2cms and help us improve the way our website and app work by making it easier for you to navigate to and interact with x2cms.
Functionality cookies
These cookies allow us to identify whether you are logged into your account, to remember choices you make and your preferences in order to provide you with the services required under the contract between you and us and to provide additional functionality of x2cms.
In addition, we may also use cookies from third parties such as Google Analytics or Facebook. Google analytics cookies are used only to provide statistical analysis of the page(s) visited on our site. Facebook cookies allow you to carry out social media functions on our site or use single sign on tools such as Facebook Connect.
Conditions of Use
By using the Site you agree to the terms and conditions contained in this Privacy Policy and/or any other agreement that we might have with you. If you do not agree to any of these terms and conditions, you should not use the Site.
You agree that any dispute over privacy or the terms contained in this Privacy Policy and any other agreement we have with you will be governed by the laws of the United Kingdom. You also agree to arbitrate any such dispute in the United Kingdom and to abide by any limitation on damages contained in any agreement we may have with you.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
As x2cms and its services change from time to time, we may update this Privacy Policy to reflect changes to our privacy practices. Changes that we may make to our Privacy Policy will be posted on
x2cms. Where appropriate, we will notify you of the changes when you next visit our website or directly via other communication methods including email.
The latest version of our Privacy Policy will always be available to view on this page.
x2cms Privacy Policy was last updated on May 24 2018.
Contact
If you have any questions relating to our Privacy Policy or wish to exercise your rights as detailed above please contact us via the methods below:
By post to:
Data Protection Officer
x2cms
10 Clydesdale Street
Hamiltion
Scotland
United Kingdom
By email to: dpo@x2cms.com
Contacts|
Affiliates|
About Us|
Resources|
Terms & Conditions|
Privacy Policy|
Sitemap
© x2cms Web SolutionsWebsite Builderx2cmsPrivate Label Website Builder1997-2013
This site uses cookies and other tracking technologies to analyze use of our products and services. View Policy
Accept