http://www.garner-products.com/privacy-policy
COVID-19 Notice
Please note that Garner Products is open and operational during the COVID-19 outbreak. Important resources may be found at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention website.
CDC Resources
Home / Privacy Policy
It is the policy of Garner Products, Inc. to respect and protect the privacy of the users of www.garnerproducts.com (hereinafter, the "Site"). Through this Privacy Statement, we want to reassure users of the Site that we will not sell, share, or rent user information to others in a manner different than as set forth in this Internet Privacy Statement.
Garner Products, Inc. collects and/or requests information when a user:
Contacts us using an online form
Submits an e-mail for any reason
Prints and completes any form data (which is returned via fax or mail)
We use this information for such purposes as responding to your requests, improving our site, and communicating with you via email, regular mail, or phone.
Our Site also contains links to external Internet sites which may be operated by an external party and they may have privacy practices that differ from those here at www.garnerproducts.com. When you click on links that take you to such external sites, you will be subject to their privacy policies, and we encourage you to become familiar with that party's privacy policies as these may differ from those utilized on our Site. Please note that this privacy statement applies solely to information collected by Garner Products, Inc. on our Site and, while we strongly support the protection of privacy on the Internet, we cannot be responsible for the privacy practices of other Websites, uses of the information collected by other Websites, or the content of those other Websites.
Consent
By using our Site, the user agrees to the terms and conditions set forth in this Internet Privacy Statement and the Site Terms of Use INCLUDING ALL LIMITATIONS OF DAMAGES PROVISIONS which are an integral part hereof and the user consents to the collection and use of this information by Garner Products, Inc. as disclosed in this Internet Privacy Statement. We may revise this Internet Privacy Statement or the Site Terms of Use at any time by updating these postings. By using this Site you agree to be bound by any such revisions in effect at the time of use and should therefore periodically visit this page and the Site Terms of Use page to determine the then current policies applicable to users of the Site.
If you change your mind and decide you do not wish to receive informational or promotional material in the future, or if you wish to correct or update any contact information you previously provided, please let us know at info@garner-products.com. Or, you may call us directly at (916) 784-0200.
Which Garner product is right for you?
Product Comparison Guide
Products
Hard Drive Degaussers
Hard Drive Destroyers
Solid-State & Flash Destroyers
Packages
Where to Buy Garner Products
Product Comparison
Reconditioned Units for Sale
Service & Support
Technical Support
Data Erasure and Destruction Service
Equipment Rental
Warranty Renewal
Upgrade Program
Videos & White Papers
Frequently Asked Questions
Resources
Compliance & Regulations
FREE HIPAA Security Guide
Hard Drive Shredder
Degaussing
How to erase a hard drive
How to destroy a hard drive
Secure Erase
Degaussing 101 BlogHard Drive Destruction
Contact
Contact us today about your equipment needs.
Request a Quote
(800) 624-1903
Contact Us
Dealer Inquiries