https://www.frogtownwebdesign.com/privacy-policy/
Home > Privacy PolicyFrogtown Media, LLC  (d.b.a Frogtown Web Design) is committed to responsible information handling practices. You can visit most pages on our site without giving us any information about yourself, but sometimes we need information to provide services that you request. This privacy statement explains data collection and use in those situations. By visiting our Web site, you consent to the information practices described in this policy.This policy does not apply to other Web sites that may be accessible through the above sites. Our sites contain links to other sites that are operated by third parties, including but not limited to third party sites that display the Frogtown Web Design logo. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of those other sites to learn how they collect and use information about you.What information does Frogtown Web Design COLLECT and how is the information USED?Information You Provide to UsWe may obtain personally identifiable information about you ONLY if you elect to give us that information. Types of personally identifiable information we ask you to provide may include the following:Name Address Zip code Telephone number Occupation E-mail addressInformation Collected AutomaticallyWhen you visit our Web site, we automatically collect information about your visit that does not identify you personally. We can tell the type of computer, browser, and Web service you are using. We also know the date, time, and pages you visit. Collecting this information helps us design the site to suit your needs.Frogtown Web Design may also use personally identifiable information for internal purposes, such as tracking demographic data to make this Web site more useful to our visitors.Does Frogtown Web Design use COOKIES, OTHER TECHNOLOGIES or THIRD PARTIES to INDIRECTLY collect information?Cookies and other TechnologiesA cookie is a small data file that a Web site may send to your browser and which may then be stored on your hard drive. Our Web sites use cookies to simulate a continuous connection —cookies let us “remember” information about your preferences and session, and allow you to move within areas of our Web sites without reintroducing yourself. No personally identifiable information is stored in these cookies.Our Web site may also use other technologies to track which pages on our Web sites our visitors view. This non-identifiable click-stream data helps us understand how visitors use our Web site.Does Frogtown Web Design SHARE the information I’ve provided?Frogtown Web Design may need to share personal information with third parties in limited circumstances. For example, we may release personal information to third parties to perform services on our behalf such as domain registration. However, third parties retained by Frogtown Web Design to provide such services are obligated to maintain the confidentiality of this information and are not authorized to use this information for any purpose other than providing those services.We may be required to provide personal information in response to a valid court order, subpoena, government investigation, or as otherwise required by law. We also reserve the right to report to law enforcement agencies any activities that we, in good faith, believe to be unlawful. We may release certain personal information when we believe that such release is reasonably necessary to protect the rights, property, and safety of others and ourselves.How does Frogtown Web Design SECURE my personal information?We are committed to properly securing the information we collect online. To help us accomplish this, we take the following steps:We employ internal access controls to ensure that the only people who see your information are those with a need to do so to perform their official duties;We train relevant personnel on our privacy and security measuresWe regularly back up the information we collect online to insure against lossDoes Frogtown Web Design collect information from CHILDREN?Our Web site does not intentionally collect information from children under the age of 13. If we discover that we have inadvertently collected information from a person under the age of 13, we will automatically delete it.Whom can I CONTACT if I have questions or concerns?If you have questions about our Privacy Policy, e-mail us at webmaster@frogtownwebdesign.com .Will this Privacy Policy CHANGE?Because our web site and business will continue to implement new technologies and improve the services and features we provide, this policy is subject to change. If there are changes or additions to this Privacy Policy, we will post those changes here or in other formats we deem acceptable, so that you will always know what information we collect online, how we use it and what choices you have.For More InformationIf you have any questions about the Terms of Use or Privacy Policy, please contact us at:Frogtown Media, LLC 4785 Roosevelt Cir Cumming, GA 30040 USA678-947-6188Contact UsLet's get started!678-947-6188Recent PostsRecent Portfolio Updates