http://www.js-graph.com/data-protection-policy/
English
Deutsch (German)
Tensegrity Software GmbH Privacy Statement
Correct handling of your data with due regard for your individual personal rights as well as consideration of your right to informational self-determination is important to us when using your personal data. The collection, processing and utilization of your personal data complies with the legislation in force, and in particular, with European data protection directives and their implementation in national law. Tensegrity Software GmbH reserves the right to adjust this privacy statement to changed statutory rules and regulations. Click the corresponding link in our portal regularly to make sure that your privacy statement is up-to-date.
(1) Using the Tensegrity JS-Graph Web Site without Providing Personal Information
You can use our portal without providing any personal Information. The following use cases do not relate usage data to you at any time.
(1.1) Log Files of the Web Service
If you browse pages in our portal the web server automatically saves this data in log files required to operate the web service: the name of the browser, the name of your internet service provider, your computer’s IP address, the address of the page from where you access our portal, the name of your operating system, the websites you visit on our portal, and the date and time of your visit. This usage data is temporarily stored in the log files and then deleted automatically. Storing of this data only serves the purpose of analyzing the activities that might have contributed to a malfunction.
(1.2) Cookies
Our web site uses cookies. These are small files that the web server stores on a dedicated location on your computer. These cookies stored on your computer may also be used by the web server.
Cookies are differentiated, on the one hand, according to their storage period:
So-called session cookies are deleted automatically when you close the browser. Using a web-analysis tool, session cookies may provide information on pages and products that particularly attract the attention of the visitors.
Permanent cookies, on the other hand, remain on your computer after you close the browser session. You can specify their storage period in your browser. Since permanent cookies may be reused for a next visit to our website, you may delete them after you have left our portal. Permanent cookies may be used, for instance, to store your language selection for the Jedox website.
Cookies are also differentiated by their origin:
So-called first-party cookies always originate from the website entered into your browser’s address bar.
So-called third-party cookies originate from websites you do not access yourself. They originate from images or advertisements embedded by the provider of the first-party website. Your browser may inform you about the websites that have stored cookies on your computer. Most of the browser configurations accept first-party cookies.
To specify the storage of cookies on your computer, you can use the settings of your browser. If your browser does not accept cookies, however, using some of our portal pages may not be trouble-free. To download our software to your PC, however, your browser needs to accept cookies.
(1.3) Usage Analysis on our Web Site
Google Universal Analytics
How does Google Universal Analytics collect usage data?
This website uses Google Universal Analytics, a web-analysis service by Google Inc. (“Google”). Google Universal Analytics uses so-called “cookies”. A cookie is a text file that is stored on your computer and enables you to analyze the usage of the website. This permanent cookie (see paragraph on cookies in this privacy statement) contains a combination of random numbers for recognition of our website by the browser. The information on the usage of this website generated by the cookie is usually sent to, and stored on, a Google server located in the USA.
If this cookie is missing, e.g. because it is deleted after a session, Google Universal Analytics uses other methods to recognize the browser and continues attributing the user behavior to a pseudonym. These methods are also used on other devices (e.g. tablets, smart phones) for general behavior analysis of a person who uses multiple devices.
Anonymization of the IP Address
IP-anonymization is enabled on our website, i.e. though the server sends the full IP address of your device to the Google server, Google truncates the address before storing and thus efficiently anonymizes it. For details on the anonymization of the IP address, see https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/2763052?hl=de.
Purpose of Google Universal Analytics
On behalf of the provider of this website, Google will use this information to analyze the usage of the website, to create reports on website activities, and to provide further services to the website provider related to the usage of the website and of the internet. The IP address transmitted by your browser through Google Analytics will not be combined with other Google data.
Opt-Out Options
If you use a browser on a PC, Mac, or any other device that plug-ins may be installed on, you can prevent the retrieval of the website- and usage-related data generated by Google Universal Analytics (including your IP address) and the distribution of this data by Google by installing this plug-in:http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=de. This plug-in blocks Google Web Analysis for all websites visited by you.
If you use a browser on a tablet, smart phone, or any other device that does not permit the installation of plug-ins you may use (provided you have not been requested to do so when first visiting our website) the Cookie Manager function on our main page to store a permanent cookie on your device that prevents the analysis of your user behavior just as the plug-in would that we have described above. This cookie does not have any effect for the websites of other providers.
Google’s Note on Data Protection and Data Security of Universal Analytics
Point your browser to: https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=de.
(1.4) Links to Social Networks
Our portal may contain links to multiple social networks. The link will only connect to the web server of the social network if you click it, i.e. no usage data will be sent to the social network unless you click the corresponding link. The provider of the social network is responsible for the protection of your data within the network.
(2) Processing of Personal Data in the Tensegrity JS-Graph Web Site
(2.1) Processing and Usage of Personal Data for Software Downloads
If you fill the software-download form in our portal your information is used by us. We will use your data to provide you with further information on the downloaded software and the services related to it. You can cancel the newsletter any time; see (2.2).
You can revoke consent to use your data any time according to (4.2) of the privacy statement.
We will send you information on Tensegrity events, products, and news:
If you select the corresponding check box upon your express request or
if we have received your e-mail address through an order or a software download.
In order to make newsletters more interesting, we will collect the links which were clicked by you. If you do not agree please delete the newsletter and log off from sending the newsletter .
You can cancel the newsletter any time by calling us at +49-221-719444-0, sending us an informal fax to +49-221-719444-29, or an informal e-mail to info@tensegrity-software.com  Furthermore, each newsletter includes a link you can use for removal from the recipient list. You may also exercise your right of information to access, rectification, erasure or blocking of the stored data any time according to (4.2).
(3) Usage of your Data for Contractual Procedures
We collect, process, and use data required for contractual procedures and may share it with our assigned service provider, where necessary, to the extent stipulated explicitly in the contract. We do not share data with third parties for their personal use.
We may request credit information to verify your credit standing. We may report negative data to credit agencies according to § 28a BDSG.
(4) Further Declarations on Data Protection
(4.1) Responsible Office
The responsible office for data protection is the company specified in the imprint. The company is solely responsible for the websites published on the http://www.js-graph.com domain. It is not responsible, however, for our partners’ websites that links on our website may point to.
(4.2) Your Rights as Data Subject, Revocation of Consent
You can exercise your rights as data subject to access, rectification, erasure or blocking of the stored data and revoke your content against us any time. To do so, call us anytime at +49-221-719444-0, send a fax to +49-221-719444-29, or an e-mail to info@tensegrity-software.com. You can also use these options any time to revoke any granted consent with future effect.
(4.3) Applications
If you send us your application we will only continue to store your data with your express consent after filling the vacancy. You can revoke this consent any time. To do so, contact the Human Resources Department using the data from the imprint.
(4.4) Linked Pages
The respective partner companies are responsible for the data protection on the linked websites. For further information, see the information in the imprint or the privacy statement of the linked website. To exercise your right of information to access, rectification, erasure or blocking of the stored data, contact the corresponding partner’s office.
JAVASCRIPT GRAPH FRAMEWORK |
info@tensegrity-software.com
English
Deutsch (German)