http://www.filevalley.com/policy.html
Software Search
Match :
Any word
All words
Exact phrase
Look in :
Title
Author
Description
Animated Wallapers
SpeedUpMyPC
WinTasks 5 Professional
Arcade Games
Remove Spyware
Our partners
Home page
Business
Desktop
Development
Education
Games
Internet
Multimedia
Utilities
Privacy Policy
FileValley takes your privacy seriously. Because we gather certain types of information about
our users we want to help you understand the terms and conditions surrounding the collection and use of
that information. This privacy statement discloses the types of information we gather, how we use it,
and how to correct or change it. These privacy practices apply to the Website that you were viewing when
you clicked through to this policy, which is operated by FileValley, its partner or affiliate.
This site contains links to other sites. FileValley.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the
content of such Websites.
Usage Tracking
FileValley tracks user traffic patterns throughout FileValley.com and this information is
correlated with data about individual users. Overall usage statistics, according to a user's domain
name, browser type and MIME type gotten by reading this information from the browser string (information
contained in every user's browser), are also broken down.
FileValley also tracks and catalogs the search terms that customers enter into our search tools, but
this tracking is never associated with individual users.
Cookies, IP & Log files
FileValley uses cookies to identify the visitor during that visit to the site. Cookies are used on a per-session basis
only, and are not stored on the visitor's computer. Depending on the browser, the visitor may be able to use
separate security settings for per-session cookies and cookies that are stored.
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Website.
We will not use this information in any other way and will not release the information to any third parties.
FileValley automatically logs the following information about visitors to this website: IP addresses,
browser type, domain names, access times and the number of hits to specific pages within the site.
This information is used to administer the site and to evaluate its usability. This information is not used
to create any type of personal profiles for the visitors.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under
our control. Use of software author names, addresses and any other personal information is used only in our
announcements and is not released to third parties nor do we send any mail to the return addresses offering
or soliciting any services.
Contacting the WebSite
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this
Website, you can mail to admin@filevalley.com or
contact us via form on this website.
Add Program |
Links Exchange |
Link To Us |
Privacy Policy |
Contact Us
© 2004, filevalley.com
Free spyware |
Picture viewer & convert photo tools