http://www.richswebdesign.com/privacy-policy-guide/
Privacy Policy Guide
This text template will help you to create your web site’s privacy policy.  Please edit your privacy policy content, making sure to delete the summaries, and adding any information from your own business.
Source: WordPress
Who we are
In this section you should note your site URL, as well as the name of the company, organization, or individual behind it, and some accurate contact information. The amount of information you may be required to show will vary depending on your local or national business regulations. You may, for example, be required to display a physical address, a registered address, or your company registration number.
Suggested text: Our website address is: https://www.richswebdesign.com.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
In this section you should note what personal data you collect from users and site visitors. This may include personal data, such as name, email address, personal account preferences; transactional data, such as purchase information; and technical data, such as information about cookies. You should also note any collection and retention of sensitive personal data, such as data concerning health.
In addition to listing what personal data you collect, you need to note why you collect it. These explanations must note either the legal basis for your data collection and retention or the active consent the user has given.
Personal data is not just created by a user’s interactions with your site. Personal data is also generated from technical processes such as contact forms, comments, cookies, analytics, and third party embeds.
By default WordPress does not collect any personal data about visitors, and only collects the data shown on the User Profile screen from registered users. However some of your plugins may collect personal data. You should add the relevant information below.
Comments
In this subsection you should note what information is captured through comments. We have noted the data which WordPress collects by default.
Suggested text: When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
Media
In this subsection you should note what information may be disclosed by users who can upload media files. All uploaded files are usually publicly accessible.
Suggested text: If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Contact forms
By default, WordPress does not include a contact form. If you use a contact form plugin, use this subsection to note what personal data is captured when someone submits a contact form, and how long you keep it. For example, you may note that you keep contact form submissions for a certain period for customer service purposes, but you do not use the information submitted through them for marketing purposes.
Cookies
In this subsection you should list the cookies your web site uses, including those set by your plugins, social media, and analytics. We have provided the cookies which WordPress installs by default.
Suggested text: If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year. If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Suggested text: Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website. These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
In this subsection you should note that Google Analytics is used, how users can opt out of analytics tracking, and a link to your analytics provider’s privacy policy, if any. Google Analytics uses cookies to track users insights such as regional location, pages visited, browser usage, search behavior but does not use and 3rd party cookies to track peoples’ names or other private information.
By default WordPress does not collect any analytics data. However, many web hosting accounts collect some anonymous analytics data. You may also have installed a WordPress plugin that provides analytics services. In that case, add information from that plugin here.
How long we retain your data
In this section you should explain how long you retain personal data collected or processed by the web site. While it is your responsibility to come up with the schedule of how long you keep each dataset for and why you keep it, that information does need to be listed here. For example, you may want to say that you keep contact form entries for six months, analytics records for a year, and customer purchase records for ten years.
Suggested text: If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue. For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
In this section you should explain what rights your users have over their data and how they can invoke those rights.
Suggested text: If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Your contact information
In this section you should provide a contact method for privacy-specific concerns. If you are required to have a Data Protection Officer, list their name and full contact details here as well.
Additional information
If you use your site for commercial purposes and you engage in more complex collection or processing of personal data, you should note the following information in your privacy policy in addition to the information we have already discussed.
How we protect your data
In this section you should explain what measures you have taken to protect your users’ data. This could include technical measures such as encryption; security measures such as two factor authentication; and measures such as staff training in data protection. If you have carried out a Privacy Impact Assessment, you can mention it here too.
What data breach procedures we have in place
In this section you should explain what procedures you have in place to deal with data breaches, either potential or real, such as internal reporting systems, contact mechanisms, or bug bounties.
What third parties we receive data from
If your web site receives data about users from third parties, including advertisers, this information must be included within the section of your privacy policy dealing with third party data.
What automated decision making and/or profiling we do with user data
If your web site provides a service which includes automated decision making – for example, allowing customers to apply for credit, or aggregating their data into an advertising profile – you must note that this is taking place, and include information about how that information is used, what decisions are made with that aggregated data, and what rights users have over decisions made without human intervention.
Industry regulatory disclosure requirements
If you are a member of a regulated industry, or if you are subject to additional privacy laws, you may be required to disclose that information here.
Privacy Policy Generator – FREE !!
Share this pageFacebookGoogle+LinkedIn
RWD Google Reviews
Rich's Web Design
4.9
Based on 25 reviews
Will Snyder 20:46 14 Apr 20
Rich performed a fantastic upgrade of my law firm's website.
I would highly recommend him to anyone needing a...
high-quality professional website.read more
Kendra Gallman 22:04 14 Oct 19
Really happy with the design and function of my website. Thanks and do Recommend!!!
Julie Surprenant 13:28 24 Sep 19
Rich did a great job helping us refresh our out dated company website and has been great with helping us with small...
updates along the way.
Excellent communication and desire to help.read more
Lynn Pace 19:01 31 Jul 19
Rich redesigned our site to give a better scope of what we do and continues to update our site on a regular basis.
I...
would highly recommend him because of his knowledge and professional service!read more
Darlene Kaplan 23:08 15 Jun 19
Rich has been very prompt in taking care of problems on my web site created by a previous web designer. Rich’s Web...
Design is a professionally run business and I could not be happier with his service. I would highly recommend Rich.read more
Trevor Brindle 14:09 04 Jun 19
I visited this site on my phone and regretted it. It was so incredibly slow. Over 20 seconds before the site was...
loaded.
https://www.ncchamberorchestra.org/
I used a tool in Chrome called lighthouse to audit the site, and was surprised because I've never actually seen a 0 out of 100 before on performance.
I'm sure this firm is professional and communicative, but it leaves a bit to be desired on mobile performance. They charge a lot of money to not care about mobile loading speed.read more
Nikki Barber 21:06 22 May 19
Rich has assisted the Barber Center for Plastic Surgery with our website development and management needs for more than...
10 years now.
He's quick to respond when we have questions or needs and is very easy to work with.
His newsletters are informative and he keeps us abreast of the ever changing cyber world and the things we need to do to stay current.
I would highly recommend Rich's Web Design.read more
Town of Stoneville 20:44 24 Apr 19
Very easy to work with.
Quick response times. Love our new website!
Leo Daniel Corder Jr 20:46 03 Dec 18
This firm designed the municipal web site for the Village of Tobaccoville professionally and timely. The business...
offers hosting services as well as ongoing updates and technical assistance. Rich was very adept at creating a customized site to meet our needs and those of our citizens.read more
Paul Manz 14:42 25 Jul 18
Rich's Web Design did a fabulous job creating the website for the NC Chamber Orchestra. He made sure the site was user...
friendly, yet comprehensive. He is extremely responsive to updates and corrections (usually caused by me). I would highly recommend Rich for any services they offer.read more
Ray Eller 14:49 17 Jul 18
Rich is an excellent partner for our Web Site maintenance.
Not only did he do an outstanding job with our page design...
but his company is great about monitoring and recommending updates.
He is also always available for changes and timely answers to our questions.
I would highly recommend him for any web based project.read more
Bruce Boyer 00:06 13 Jul 18
I have worked with Rich Blakemore for about 10 years, both in a business and personal setting.
He is the quickest to...
respond to my needs of any website administrator.
He always goes above and beyond to provide assistance.
When he did our website for a community organization he would come and take pictures of an event and post them within the hour.
That's service!read more
Canyon Clifton 18:15 02 Jul 18
We have been working with Rich for over 10 years! Best web services and speedy timing on all updates! We appreciate his...
services and attention to detail. He always keeps us ranked #1!read more
Next Reviews
Resources
Logo Designs by
Online HEXIDECIMAL
Color Chart
NeoMail
Close
Font Resize
A-
A+Reset font size
Keyboard navigation
Readable Font
Underline links
Highlight Links
Clear cookies
Images Greyscale
Remove Animations
Lights Off
Invert Colors
Close
“Latest Google News!”
‘Google My Business’ – Setup
About Rich’s Web Design – Since 1997
Accessibility Statement
Acronyms
AdWords Retargeting & Display Network Marketing
Business of the Month by Kernersville Chamber of Commerce
Clients
Contact RWD
Creating an ADA Compliant Web Site
Credit Card Payments via PayPal
December 2019 Newsletter – Does site speed influence SEO? – Understanding Google Search
Design Process
Dorothy & Mark Allen Wedding
E-Commerce Solutions / https SSL (Secure Socket Layer) Certificate
Ethical SEO Practices
Explanation of Your “Search Engine Rankings Report”
FAQs
Feb Newsletter – Rich’s Web Design – Time to Upgrade – Time for a Redesign of your Web Site?
French Animated Slider
Google Analytics Dashboard Reports Explained
Google Holiday Logos
Google Search Console Reports
How Much Does a Web Site Cost?
How Much Does SEO Cost?
January 2020 Newsletter – Set SMART Achievable Goals
July 2019 Newsletter – Web Security Month!
June 2019 Newsletter
June 2020 Newsletter
Link Building
Link Request Form
May Newsletter – Rich’s Web Design – What To Do to Rank High in Google?
Monthly Reporting & Analysis
NC Chamber Orch. – Initial Pics
NC Web Design
News
Newsletter
Newsletter – May 2016 – Local SEO Checkup, The Growth Of Direct Answers on SERPs, What Google
Looks for in Good Content’
Newsletter 10 2016
Newsletter 11 2016
Newsletter 5 2016
Newsletter 6 2016
Newsletter 9 2016
Newsletter April 2016
Newsletter Archive
Newsletter August 2015
Newsletter February 2016
Newsletter July 2015
Newsletter June 2015
Newsletter March 2016
Newsletter May 2015
Newsletter November 2015
Newsletter September 2015
November 2019 Newsletter –
Google Ranking Factors 2019 – What’s Most Important?
October 2019 Newsletter – Site Statistics – What’s Most Important?
Partners
Press Releases
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy Guide
Proactive WordPress Security, Backups, Malware Prevention
Professional Trumpet Player
References / Testimonials
Request a Quote
Responsive Web Design (RWD) vs. Adaptive Web Design (AWD) vs. Progressive Web Apps (PWA)
Responsive Web Design / Mobile Friendly Design
Resume
Review Cards
Rich’s Web Design – April 2019 Newsletter
Rich’s Web Design – August 2018 Newsletter
Rich’s Web Design – Jan. 2017 Newsletter
Rich’s Web Design July 2017 Newsletter
Rich’s Web Design April 2018 Newsletter
Rich’s Web Design August 2017 Newsletter
Rich’s Web Design December 2017 Newsletter
Rich’s Web Design February 2018 Newsletter
Rich’s Web Design January 2018 Newsletter
Rich’s Web Design October 2017 Newsletter
Rich’s Web Design September 2017 Newsletter
Rich’s Web Design – April 2017 Newsletter
Rich’s Web Design – Dec. 2016 Newsletter
Rich’s Web Design – December 2018 Newsletter
Rich’s Web Design – Feb. 2017 Newsletter
Rich’s Web Design – Jan. / Feb. 2019 Newsletter
Rich’s Web Design – June Newsletter
Rich’s Web Design – March 2017 Newsletter
Rich’s Web Design – March 2019 Newsletter
Rich’s Web Design – May
2017 Newsletter
Rich’s Web Design – May 2019 Newsletter
Rich’s Web Design – November 2018 Newsletter
Rich’s Web Design – October 2018 Newsletter
Rich’s Web Design – September 2018 Newsletter
ROI – Return on Investment
RWD July 2016 Newsletter
RWD June 2018 News -> Google Mobile-First Indexing – SEO in 2018 – What is GDPR? How will it Affect My Site?
Sample Page
Search Engine History
Search Engine Marketing / PPC (Pay per Click)
Selecting Targeted Keywords / Phrases in SEO
SEO – Search Engine Optimization
SEO Tools
September 2019 Newsletter – Fresh Content – Setting Up a Content Calendar
Services
Shopping Cart CMS Comparison
Social Media Accounts Set-Up
SSL – Secure Socket Layer Certificate
TCO – Total Cost of Ownership
Testimonials – OLD
Thank You
The Proper Way to Create a Facebook Business Page
Top WordPress Plugins (Updated Dec. 2018)
Triad Web Design
Web Design NC
Web Hosting
Web Terminology / Helpful Definitions
What is a Google-Dance??
What is Google’s Search Console?
Why Use WordPress?
#164 (no title)