http://www.bytetranslation.com/legal/terms.php?lang=en_US
A Professional Language Translation Company!
Home
About Us
Services
Free Quote
FAQ
Login
Contact Us
Terms and Conditions
CUSTOMER AGREEMENT
Effective as of January 10, 2005 until replaced.
ByteTranslation (hereafter, the "Company") is a language translation company with principal offices located at:
Via Molise, 6
73100 Lecce
Italy
The Company offers professional translations, internationalization and localization services ("Services") via the Internet.
This Customer Agreement ("Agreement") is entered into by and between the Company and yourself (hereafter, the "Customer").
The Customer must accept the terms and conditions of this Agreement without change, in order to access and use the Company's Services.
PERSONAL INFORMATION
The Company collects and uses personally identifiable information obtained from the Customer for billing purposes, to provide and change the Services, to anticipate and resolve problems with the Services. The Company will not sell to third parties any personally identifiable information obtained from the Customer registration nor will the Company disclose any personally identifiable information without the consent of the customer except as required by subpoena or other legal process. The Company shall not use any Customer information for purposes of solicitation, advertising, unsolicited e-mail or invasion of privacy. When the Company uses agents, contractors or other companies to perform services on its behalf or in cooperation, the Company will require that they protect the Customer's personally identifiable information consistent with this clause.
CONFIDENTIALITY
All information and documents transmitted to the Company by the Customer shall be confidential. The Company shall not divulge or otherwise disclose such information to any person other than authorized employees or authorized subcontractors of the Company whose job performance requires such acts. The provisions of this paragraph shall not apply to the extent the Company is compelled by law to divulge such information.
CONDITIONS OF SERVICE
The Company assumes no liability for disruptions in service or improper operation of its equipment or software for any reason, including, but not limited to, vandalism, theft, phone service outages, Internet disruptions, human error, extreme or severe weather conditions or any other causes referred to as "Acts of God".
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES
The Customer understands and accepts that the Company will provide Services on an "AS IS" basis, without warranties of any kind, either express or implied, including, but not limited to, warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose or non-infringement. The Company expressly disclaims any representation or warranty that the Services will be error-free.
INSTANT QUOTE FOR TRANSLATION DISCLAIMER
The Company provides an instant quote service on its website. Due to the nature of many electronic documents, these quotes cannot be guaranteed to by 100% accurate at all times. As such the quotes are a guide only, are not to be relied on by the Customer, and are not binding until they are accepted by the Company. If inaccuracies in the quote are found for any reason, the Company reserves the right to amend the quote.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
THE COMPANY WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT, THE WEBSITE, THE SERVICES, THE INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICES.
In no case shall a Customer be entitled to recover damages from the Company that exceed the amount of the Company's charges for the provision of the Services under this Agreement.
The Company assumes no liability of the Customer for failure to follow this Agreement or any results caused by acts, omissions or negligence of the Customer, subcontractor or an agent of the Customer or an employee of any one to them, including, but not limited to, claims of third parties arising out of or resulting from or in connection with the Customer's products, messages, programs, caller contracts, promotions, advertising, infringement or any claim for libel or slander or for violation of copyright, trademark or other intellectual property rights.
Times for expected delivery of the Services are displayed at the time of order. The Company will use its best efforts to meet these deadlines but does not accept liability for any delay in delivery. The Company reserves the right to amend the delivery date.
When the Company translates any legal, medical or other documents of a technical nature and content, the Customer fully understands that the Company is not an expert in such matters and that no reliance whatsoever can be placed on the translation being completely accurate. The Company shall not be liable for any reliance on the translated document, nor any other loss that the Customer may incur.
The Customer assumes all liability for its utilization of the Company's Services.
INDEMNIFICATION
The Customer agrees to indemnify and hold the Company, its employees, officers, agents, and directors from any and all fines, penalties, losses, damages, claims, costs, expenses (including attorney's fees) or other liabilities resulting from or in connection with this Agreement or incurred as a result of the Customer's violation of any law, regardless of whether such damages are actual, direct, indirect, special, incidental, consequential, or punitive ("Damages").
Further, the Customer agrees to indemnify the Company for any Damages arising out of, or related to the Customer's breach of any warranty or representation; the Customer's violation of any law, rule, or regulation; intellectual property infringement claims related to the translation.
The Customer represents and warrants to the Company that the text or other materials submitted to the Company, and the translation of that text or other materials, does not and will not:
infringe any third party's copyright, trademark, or other proprietary rights or right of publicity or privacy;
violate any applicable law, statute, ordinance or regulation;
contain viruses, trojan horses, worms, or other similar harmful or deleterious programs;
be defamatory or libelous;
be lewd, pornographic or obscene;
promote violence or contain hate speech.
PAYMENT
All prices are stated and payable in European Euros.
The prices for Services quoted on this website do not include taxes. The Company charges all applicable taxes on Services.
If inaccuracies in the pricing are found for any reason, the Company reserves the right to amend the price; the Customer shall be advised by the Company of the estimate of additional charges.
The cost of the Services will not be billed to the Customer's credit card until the Services have been provided.
The Company reserves the right to charge interest on any amounts due by the Customer to the Company that are not paid on the due date.
CANCELLATION POLICY
The Customer shall have a period of 48 hours of the initiation of the original order for the Services, in which to cancel their order.
The Customer remains liable for payment for the work performed by the Company up to the time of the Customer's notice of cancellation.
The Company shall refund to the Customer the price for the remaining work after the time of the Customer's notice of cancellation.
DISPUTES AND CHARGEBACKS
All billing disputes must be reported within 15 days of the time the dispute occurred. Disputed charges to the Customer's credit card issuer, also known as chargebacks, will result in Services interruption. In the event that the Company incurs any fees to unauthorized credit card chargebacks, legal action will be taken and a €1000 fee will be added to each chargeback amount.
TERMINATION
In the event that the Customer breaches this Agreement, the Company shall have the right to terminate immediately, whereupon the Customer shall pay the full price provided hereunder for the Services completed and for all work in progress.
REFUSAL OF SERVICE
The Company reserves the right to decline to provide Services with respect to any text or other materials for any reason whatsoever at its sole discretion.
AMENDMENTS AND MODIFICATIONS
The Customer understands and agrees that the Company may amend or modify this Agreement and that any such amendment or modification will be binding upon its placement on the Company's website or when sent to the Customer by e-mail.
Continued use of the Company's Services will be considered acceptance of all terms in the amended/modified Agreement.
NOTICES
To the Customer via certified mail to the address provided to the Company by the Customer in the registration form.
To the Company, via certified mail to the following address:
ByteTranslation
Via Molise, 6
73100 Lecce
Italy
SEVERABILITY OF PROVISIONS
Each provision of this Agreement shall be considered severable; and if, for any reason, any provision or provisions herein are determined to be invalid and contrary to any existing or future law, such invalidity shall not impair the operation of or affect those portions of this Agreement which are valid.
JURISDICTION
The Customer agrees that the laws of Italy will govern this Agreement, and that any claim or suit arising out of or related to this Agreement must be brought exclusively in the Italian Courts and the Customer consents to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts.
Home
| About Us
| Services
| Free Quote
| FAQ
| Login
| Jobs
| Contact Us
Copyright © 2004-2008 ByteTranslation. All Rights Reserved.
ByteTranslation:
Terms and Conditions
| Privacy