http://www.qualitycablesource.com/privacy-policy.html
Services &
Capabilities
Custom Cable
Assembly Services
Showcased
ProjectsDelphi Metri-Pack
280 Cable AssembliesMilitary Grade OP
Camera Cable AssemblySEE9 Cable Assembly for
an Electronic ApplicationRibbon Cable Assembly for
The Electronics IndustryCustom Wire Harness for
the Telecommunications IndustryCustom Wire Harness Assembly for a Diesel Engine
Tweet
Print This PageEmail This Page
Privacy PolicyQuality Cable Source, Inc. respects your privacy and our site visitors' information. We do not share, sell, or rent any of the information collected to any third parties and do not intend to do so in the future.Information Collected
If you request or submit information to us by sending an Email via psantucci@qualitycablesource.com or by filling out a "contact" form, we may save your Email address as well as any other information you provide. This information may be used to contact you in the future by mail, Email, or phone to convey information about our solutions or services that we feel may benefit you. Your Email and other information will not be sold to any third party.Information Collected by Others
This notice addresses only Quality Cable Source, Inc.'s website policy, and does not apply to sites that users access via links from our site. Quality Cable Source, Inc. is not responsible for the information collecting policies of other sites, for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our website, or for the information or content contained therein. Often, links to other websites are provided solely on the basis that they may contain useful information for our visitors. Users are advised to review the privacy policy of other websites.Cookies
Quality Cable Source, Inc.'s website does not use cookies. Updating, Correcting, and Deleting Personal Information
If you would like to have your personal information removed from our records, please send an Email with "Remove personal information" in the subject line.Legally Compelled Disclosure of Information
Quality Cable Source, Inc. may disclose information when legally compelled to do so: when we, in good faith, believe that the law requires us to do so or for the protection of our legal rights.Periodic Policy Changes
Please note that Quality Cable Source, Inc. reviews its privacy practices from time-to-time (i.e. to track technology and/or legal changes), and that these practices are subject to change. To ensure continuing familiarity with the most current version of our privacy policy, please bookmark and periodically review this page.This policy statement is made in the name of Quality Cable Source, Inc. and is effective as of September 16, 2013. This statement does not create an agreement between Quality Cable Source, Inc. and users, and as such, does not create any legal rights for any party.Contact Us:
Quality Cable Source, Inc.
155 Prairie Lake Road Suite F
East Dundee, IL 60118
Tel: 847.836.7200
Email: psantucci@qualitycablesource.com
Website: www.qualitycablesource.com
Copyright © 2013 Quality Cable Source, Inc.Site created by Thomas Web Solutions