http://www.outpost.com/template/help/index/FE30/Service3/Assistance/Middle_Topics/C3Privacy?site=csfooter_C
Frys.com|Customer Service
Keyword Search
Cool Stuff We Sell
PC Computers
PC Computers
Ink & Toner
Desktops
Monitors & Projectors
Printers & Scanners
Optical Drives & Storage Devices
USB Flash & Mini Drives
Video Cards & Video Devices
Microphones, Headsets & Headphones
Sound Cards
Speakers
Surge Protectors & UPS Battery Back Up
PC Cables & Accessories
Input Devices
PC Gaming
Keyboards & Mice
Blank Media & Storage Accessories
Virtual Reality Headsets
Apple
Apple
Apple Watch
iPhone
Mac Desktops
Mac Laptops
Mac Cables & Adapters
Mac Keyboards & Mice
MacBook Accessories
Graphic Tablets & Stylus
iPad
iPod
iPad/iPod Accessories
Laptops
Laptops
Laptops
Laptop Accessories
Cases & Backpacks
Travel Accessories & Luggage
Tablets
Tablets
Tablets
Wearables
Tablet Accessories
Cases
Cleaning Kits
Portable Power Banks
Networking
Networking
Routers
Range Extenders
Cable & DSL Modems/Gateways
Adapters & Cards
Access Points
Bulk Ethernet Cables
Switches
PoE Injectors
Antennas & Accessories
Powerline Networking
Firewalls & Security Devices
Ethernet Cables
Refurbished*
PC Components
PC Components
Storage
Flash Memory
External Hard Drives
Internal Hard Drives
SSD - Solid State Drives
Wireless Storage
Network Attached Storage
SSD/HDD Accessories
Flash Memory Accessories
Internal Components
Processors
Motherboards
OEM Software
Desktop Memory
Laptop Memory
Barebones
Case Mods
Cases
Controller Cards
DIY Accessories
Fans
Heatsinks
Liquid Cooling
Cooling Accessories
Internal PC Cables
Power Supplies
Server Solutions
Gift Ideas
Electronic Components
Electronic Components
Electrical
Relays
Switches, Knobs & Dials
AC/DC Adapters
Foreign/Travel Voltage
Fuses
Generators, Inverters & Jumpers
Plug Adapters, DC Plugs & Jacks
Power Strips & Extension Cords
Solar
Timers & Power Saving
Solder Equipment
Circuits & Connectors
Adapters & Gender Changers
Tools & Storage
Basic Tools
Knives & Multi-Kit Knives
Auto Care & Maintenance
Network Tools
Power Tools
Chasis Boxes & Enclosures
Hardware & Fasteners
Speciality Tools
Toolboxes, Storage & Carts
Cables & Accessories
Hookup & Bulk Wire
Legacy PC Cables
Tape
USB & Firewire
Cable & Wire Management
Audio - Video Cables & Accessories
Antennas & Accessories
Audio Cables & Accessories
Video Cables & Accessories
RF Connectors & Adapters
Watches & Clocks
Clocks
Watches
Communications
2-Way Radios & Accessories
Weather & Emergency Radios
Telephone Accessories
Cleaning, Chemicals & Anti-Statics
Adhesives, Sealants & Bonding
Air Dusters
Anti-Statics
Chemicals
Microfiber Cloths & Cleaners
Test & Measurement
Multi-Meters
Function Generators
Multi-Meter Accessories
Oscilloscopes
Power Supplies
Passive Components
Passive Components
Integrated Circuits
Optoelectronics & L.E.D.
Capacitors
Resistors
Semiconductors
Cell Phones
Cell Phones
Smart Tracker Tags
Smartwatches
Virtual Reality for Smartphones
Cell Phones
4G LTE Tablets
Cell Phone Accessories
Bluetooth Headsets & Speakers
Adapters, Cables & Chargers
Batteries & Power Banks
Cell Phone Cases
Mounts & Holders
Screen Protectors
Replacement Parts
Cell Phone Signal Boosters
PrePaid Cards
SIM Cards
Audio
Audio
Home Audio
Headphones
Bluetooth Speakers
Live Sound & Musical Instruments
TV & Home Theater
TV & Home Theater
Televisions
Home Theater Audio & Video
Home Theater Accessories
Camera & Camcorders
Camera & Camcorders
Camera & Camcorder
Camera & Camcorder accessories
Optics
Binoculars
Tripods & Monopods
Car Electronics & GPS
Car Electronics & GPS
Back up and Dash Cameras
Car Accessories
Car Audio
Car Security & Convenience
Car Video & GPS
Marine & Powersports
Car Installation Parts
Video Games & Toys
Video Games & Toys
Action Figures
Arts & Crafts
Board Games & Puzzles
Collectibles
Construction & Model
Development & Learning
Dolls & Plush
E-Bikes
Electric Scooters
Hover Boards
RC & Robotics
Sport & Outdoors
Consoles
Games
Accessories
Strategy Guides
Movies, Music & Books
Movies, Music & Books
Books & Accessories
Movies & TV Shows
Music
Health, Fitness & Personal Care
Health, Fitness & Personal Care
Cosmetics
Eye Wear
Mirrors
Personal Protective Equipment
Personal Care & Beauty
Hair Care
Massagers & Spa
Oral Care
Shavers & Trimmers
Skin Care
Health
Activity Trackers & Pedometers
Exercise Equipment
Fitness & GPS Watches
Fragrances
Home, Furniture & Appliances
Home, Furniture & Appliances
Auto Accessories
Cookware
Household Essentials
Mattresses & Home Furnishing
Pet Care
Refrigerators
Washers & Dryers
Small Kitchen AppliancesCoffee, Blenders, Mixers and More
Floor Care & Home Air
Microwaves
Ranges, Cooktops & Wall Ovens
Heating, Cooling & Air Quality
Dishwashers
Irons, Steamers & Sewing Machines
Freezers, Coolers & Ice Makers
Wine Refrigerators & Coolers
Range Hoods
Outdoor Living
Appliance Parts &
Accessories
Office Place & Software
Office Place & Software
Software
Basic Supplies
Beverages & Snacks
Specialty Gift Cards
Chairs
Chair Mats
Desks
Ergonomic Accessories
File Cabinets & Bookcases
Luggage & Travel
Paper
Telephones & Communication
Tables
Batteries
Batteries
Portable Power
Alkaline, Heavy Duty & Lithium
Battery Holders
Coin Cells & Specialty
Laptop Batteries
Photo Batteries
Rechargeable & Chargers
Smart Home
Smart Home
Smart & Wi-Fi Thermostats
Smart Lighting
Smart Lock, DoorBell Surveillance & Garage Control
Smart Plugs & Outlets
Sprinkler & Irrigation Control
Voice Assistant
Window & Door Sensors
Lighting
Lighting
Bulbs
Flashlights, Lanterns & Worklights
Night Lights
Desk Lamps & Floor Lamps
Laserpointers
Specialty Lighting
Maker Products
Maker Products
3D Printers
3D Filament & Accessories
Arduino, Raspberry Pi & Microcontrollers
Electronic Kits
Robotics
Prototyping
Network Infrastructure Products
Network Infrastructure Products
Coaxial Network Cables
Fiber Optic Cables & Modules
Keystone Inserts & Wall Plates
Network Rack & Shelves
Patch Panels & Wallmount Brackets
Plugs, Boots & Couplers
Telco Connectivity
Cable Management
Security, Surveillance & Safety
Security, Surveillance & Safety
Surveillance
Alarms
Safes
Fire & Safety
Locks
Personal Security
Things We Do for You
About Us
About Us
Fry's was founded as a Silicon Valley
retail electronics store in 1985 to
provide a one-stop-shopping
environment for the hi-tech professional.
Company History
Customer Service
Customer Service
Shopping Assistance
Finding Products
Using the Cart
Checking Out
myFry's Accounts
Payment Methods
Warranties & Rebates
Returns
PSC Terms and Conditions
Shipping
Domestic Shipping
When to Expect Your Order
When Will My Order Arrive?
What if Something in My Order Isn't Available?
Lost or Damaged Packages
Order Tracking
APO/FPO Addresses
Privacy & Legal Notices
Privacy
Cookies
Advertisements
Legal Notices
Secure Certificates
Our Stores
Our Stores
Northern California
Campbell
Concord
Fremont
Roseville
Sacramento
San Jose
Sunnyvale
Southern California
Burbank
City of Industry
Fountain Valley
Manhattan Beach
Oxnard
San Diego
San Marcos
Woodland Hills
Texas
Arlington
Austin
Dallas
Houston
Irving
Plano
South Houston
Webster
AZ, GA, IL, IN, NV, OR, WA
Phoenix, AZ
Tempe, AZ
Milton, GA
Downers Grove, IL
Fishers, IN
Las Vegas, NV
Wilsonville, OR
Renton, WA
Fry's Credit Card
Tech Team Services
myFrys
Your Account
Track Your Order
Your Wish Lists
Subscribe Email Specials
Sign In
Welcome Guest!
Cart
Shopping Assistance
Finding Products
Using the Cart
Checking Out
Returns
Payment Methods
myFry's Accounts
Warranties/Rebates
Contact Us
Frys.com Help - Privacy Policy
FRY'S PRIVACY POLICY
Your privacy is important to us.
Fry's understands our customers' concerns regarding the privacy of the information they share with us. We hold our customers, and the information they share with us, in the highest regard. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. We are committed to ensuring that your personal information is properly safeguarded and to complying with all applicable federal and state privacy laws.
Please take a moment to read our Privacy Policy for a better understanding of the measures that we take to protect you and the information you share with us.
The following Privacy Policy describes information and privacy practices for Fry's Electronics, Inc. ("Fry's"), Fry's retail stores and Frys.com.
Please be aware that this site may contain links to other sites that are owned and operated by third parties.
This Privacy Policy may not apply to those links or to other sites.
These third party sites have their own privacy policies and practices.
We encourage you to read the privacy policies of these third party sites to learn how they collect, use, share and secure your information.
This Privacy Policy strives to encourage and maintain trust between you and Fry's.
As part of that trust, this Privacy Policy will tell you about:
What information we collect.
How information is used and protected.
How we may share information.
Choices you can make about how we collect, use, and share your information.
Future changes to the Privacy Policy.
What information do we collect?
Fry's collects information about you to provide the best products and services and to help Fry's improve your shopping experience both at Fry's retail stores and online at Frys.com.
Information you give us.
Fry's collects and may store any information you enter on our website, provide us in our retail stores, or submit to Fry's in any other way.
For example, we collect information that you provide when you create the myFry's Accounts on our website, make an online or in-store purchase from us, send us an e-mail or call us, enter a contest, or participate in a survey.
This information may include:
Your name.
Your mailing address.
Your e-mail address.
Your phone number.
Your credit card number.
On our website, there is an option to "Tell a Friend" about a product or service that we offer.
If you use Frys.com's "Tell a Friend" feature, we will use the e-mail address per your instructions to send your e-mail message to your friend. We will not use the e-mail address of your friend for any other purpose.
Information from other sources.
Fry's may receive information about you from other sources.
These other sources may help to improve the quality or personalization of services that we provide to you.
Automatic information.
We also receive and store certain types of information when you interact with our website.
Like many websites, we use "cookies" to obtain information when your web browser accesses our website.
The purpose of "cookies" is to help us recognize you as you use or return to our website so that we can provide a more personalized shopping experience for you.
The "cookie" is also used to keep items in your shopping cart between visits.
You do not need to enable cookies to browse, but must enable cookies to purchase items at Frys.com.
Our web server automatically collects clickstream information such as the address (or URL) of the website that you came from before visiting our site, which pages you visit on our site, which browser you used to view our site and any search terms you may have entered on our site, among other things.
Our website may also use other technologies to track which pages our visitors view. This anonymous clickstream data provides our customers with a better, more secure shopping experience and helps Fry's understand how visitors use our website.
Video Cameras
We operate cameras in and around Fry's stores for security and operational purposes.
These cameras are for security, operational and loss prevention purposes and we do not otherwise use these cameras to identify you personally.
How is information used and protected?
Our goal is to provide our customers with the highest level of service possible. From your first visit to our website to the delivery of your order, we want you to be completely satisfied with the experience without compromising your privacy. By collecting information, we are able to offer you features, such as our myFry's
Account (which saves you time during the order process), and a more customized website that better reflects your individual preferences.
Usage of Information
Fry's uses your information to provide requested products and services to you and to support general business operations.
Some examples of such usage includes:
To fulfill and process your orders and communicate with you regarding those orders.
To schedule and perform deliveries or installations.
To service products.
To send marketing communications.
To open and service your myFry's Accounts.
To provide high-quality customer service.
To help us improve and customize what we offer to you, our website and our advertising.
To send you information about our products, services and promotions.
To protect the security and integrity of our websites and our business.
To process credit card information.
Protection of Information
Fry's also protects your information from loss, misuse or alteration while it is under Fry's control.
Protection of your information is a priority at Fry's.
We have adopted reasonable security measures to protect the confidentiality of personal information under our control both online and in our stores.
When you enter personal information on our website, the information is protected by a security technology called Secure Sockets Layer (SSL), which encrypts your information during transport across the Internet.
Further, your account information is only accessible with the password you choose when you open the myFry's Accounts.
Please maintain the confidentiality of this password in order to ensure the protection of your account information.
How may information be shared?
Fry's does not sell or rent your personal information to third parties.
Fry's may share your personal information under the following limited circumstances:
Service Providers
We may provide your information to a third party in the process of fulfilling an order for products or services you have placed with us.
For example, we may provide your address to the shipping carrier where you have requested shipment for a purchase.
Fry's only shares the necessary information to third parties to provide the requested products or services in your order.
Credit Applications and Credit Card Processing
If you apply for a Fry's credit card, your information may be shared with First Electronic Bank to offer the credit card to you.
First Electronic Bank may use the information to provide the credit card and to service and maintain your credit card account.
Fry's may utilize third-party service providers to assist Fry's with processing credit card payments.
Legal Requirements and Safety of our Business and Others
Fry's may share information in other special circumstances.
We may disclose information where we have a good faith belief that disclosure is appropriate to comply with the law or where we believe disclosure is necessary to protect you, to comply with legal processes or authorities, to respond to any claims, or to protect the rights, property or personal safety of Fry's, its customers, its associates or the public.
This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction, and with analytics providers.
Marketing Purposes
Fry's may share information with carefully selected vendors and business partners who may share offers and opportunities with you based on your interests.
What are your choices regarding information?
Fry's wants to communicate with you to inform you of product specials, changes to our website, contests and surveys, or other information we think may be of interest to you.
Similarly, carefully selected vendors or business partners may want to communicate with you to inform you of special offers or opportunities.
If you do not wish to receive certain information or request that your information not be shared with third parties, please e-mail: service@cs.frys.com.
Please be sure to include your full name, the types of communication you would like to receive or not receive, and your related contact information.
Please note that even if you opt-out of receiving marketing communications from Fry's, you may still be contacted for transactional purposes.
Some examples include request for customer service or questions regarding your order.
How will you be notified of future changes to the Privacy Policy?
Fry's may change or add to its Privacy Policy from time to time.
For this reason, we encourage you to review the Privacy Policy periodically.
For your convenience, we will post the date it was last updated at the bottom of the Privacy Policy.
Privacy of Children Online
Fry's is committed to protecting children's online privacy and fully complies with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA).
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13.
If you believe we may have collected personal information from a child, please e-mail us at service@cs.frys.com.
If you have any questions regarding the Privacy Policy, please e-mail: service@cs.frys.com.
Last Updated: February 26, 2015
Store Locator
Fry's Credit Card
Tech Team Services
Sign Up for PromoCodes
Fry's Deals
Company InfoCareersContact UsSite Map
Sign up for Email SpecialsStore Hours and LocationsCompany History
Privacy, Security and Legal
Privacy
Advertisements
Legal Notice
Your California Privacy Rights
California Transparency in Supply Chains Act
Indiana E-Cycle
More HelpPayment Methods
Checking OutFinding Products
Using the CartWarranties
Fry's Stores30-Day Satisfaction Guarantee30-Day Price Match Promise Rebate CenterStore AdsStore Hours and LocationsStore Services
Gift CardsIn-Store Pick Up
Ways to Save
Personal Promo Codes
Sign up for Promo Codes
Store AdsBecome a Fan on Facebook
Frys.com Order InfoShipping and Delivery TimeCustomer ServiceIn-Store Pick upOrder Status30-Day Satisfaction Guarantee
Rebate Center
Pre-OrdersBackordersFree ShippingAccount Info
View Your Order History
Track Your Order
Manage Your Account
Wish List
Find us:
Copyright© 1995-2020 Fry's Electronics, Incorporated. All rights reserved.Fry's Electronics, Frys.com and Outpost.com are registered trademarks of Fry's Electronics, Incorporated.
Frys.com prices good for online purchases only.In-store items and prices at Fry's retail locations may vary.Some online offers are subject to prior sale and may not be available.
111
×
Request MyAccount Info
Thank You.your request for account info has been processed.
Error!Something went wrong while processing your request.
Please try again after Signing in.
SignIn
Request Already SubmittedRequest for the information has already been submitted.
Please select
from
the following options
Send me a report of my personal data.
Do not sell my personal data
Delete my personal data.
jback111