https://www.iquo.co.uk/cookie-policy/
Skip to content
Home
About us
E-insurance
Consultancy
Privacy Policy
Testimonials
Contact
(1) Introduction
Our website uses cookies. We will ask you to consent to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of this policy when you first visit our website.
(2) Credit
This document was created using an SEQ Legal template.
(3) About cookies
A cookie is a file containing an identifier (a string of letters and numbers) that is sent by a web server to a web browser and is stored by the browser. The identifier is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server. Cookies can be used by web servers to identify and track users as they navigate different pages on a website and identify users returning to a website. Cookies may be either “persistent” cookies or “session” cookies. A persistent cookie consists of a text file sent by a web server to a web browser, which will be stored by the browser and will remain valid until its set expiry date (unless deleted by the user before the expiry date). A session cookie, on the other hand, will expire at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed.
(4) Our cookies
We use both session cookies and persistent cookies on this website. We may send to you the following cookies:
catAccCookies – We will use this persistent cookie to track if you have accepted that we use cookies on this site.
wordpress_test_cookie -We will use this session cookie to see if you have Cookies enabled or not.
wp-settings-2 – This session cookie is used by the website software we use to help manage site pages. This cookie expires when you close your browser.
wp-settings-time-2 – This session cookie is used by the website software we use to help manage site pages. This cookie expires when you close your browser.
_utma, _utmb, _utmc, _utmz – these cookies from Google Analytics are used to collect information about how visitors use our site. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the site. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, where visitors have come to the site from and the pages they visited. Overview of privacy at Google.
(5) Analytics cookies
In addition, we use Google Analytics to analyse the use of this website. Google Analytics generates statistical and other information about website use by means of cookies, which are stored on users’ computers. The information generated relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of the website. Google will store this information. Google’s privacy policy is available at: http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
(6) Cookies and personal information
Cookies do not contain any information that personally identifies you, but personal information that we store about you may be linked, by us, to the information stored in and obtained from cookies.
(7) Blocking cookies
Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies. For example:
in Internet Explorer (version 9) you can block cookies using the cookie handling override settings available by clicking “Tools”, “Internet Options”, “Privacy” and then “Advanced”;
in Firefox (version 16) you can block all cookies by clicking “Tools”, “Options”, “Privacy”, selecting “Use custom settings for history” from the drop-down menu, and unticking “Accept cookies from sites”; and
in Chrome (version 23), you can block all cookies by accessing the “Customise and control” menu, and clicking “Settings”, “Show advanced settings” and “Content settings”, and then selecting “Block sites from setting any data” under the “Cookies” heading.
Blocking all cookies will, however, have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites.
(8) Deleting cookies
You can also delete cookies already stored on your computer. For example:
in Internet Explorer (version 9), you must manually delete cookie files (you can find instructions for doing so at http://support.microsoft.com/kb/278835);
in Firefox (version 16), you can delete cookies by clicking “Tools”, “Options”, “Privacy” and then “Show Cookies”, and then clicking “Remove All Cookies”; and
in Chrome (version 23), you can delete all cookies by accessing the “Customise and control” menu, and clicking “Settings”, “Show advanced settings” and “Clear browsing data”, and then selecting “Delete cookies and other site and plug-in data” before clicking “Clear browsing data”.
Again, doing this may have a negative impact on the usability of many websites.
(9) Contact us
This website is owned and operated by /****CLIENT NAME ****/. If you have any questions about our cookies or this cookies policy, please contact us:
by email info@clientemail.com; or
by telephone 01462 811 398;
About Us
E-insurance
Find out more about our e-insurance services
Consultancy
Find out more about our consultancy services
Contact Us
Like most websites we use cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. More info ...
© Copyright 2020 IQUO Limited
Web design by Shaun Power Design