http://www.iea-software.com/aboutus/privacy.cfm
IEA Software, Inc.
Downloads
Documentation
Eval Licenses
News
Products
Services
About Us
Partners
Contact
About Us
Our Mission
History
Office Hours
Partners
Resellers
Terms
Privacy Policy
IEA Software Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Last Updated: March 18 2019
Data Collection - Website
Data Collection - Software
Data Collection - Purchasing
Security and Data Protection
Access to and Control over Information
Questions and Updates
Data Collection - Website
When visiting our website URL accessed, time of access, IP address and referral data is recorded.
This data is utilized for the following purposes:
Monitoring for abuse and security related matters
QA and troubleshooting to ensure reliable operation of website
Aggregated data is processed into reports used by our staff for statistical reporting of site utilization over time
Access data is stored locally within our systems and is not transmitted, shared or sold to any third parties.
When using contact us form or filling out new customer evaluation all data received is stored in internal databases used to respond to requests and provide requested services.
This data is retained within our systems and is not shared with or sold to third parties.
When leaving contact information or requesting an evaluation we may send automated or bulk follow up messages for
example warning of pending evaluation license expiration or upcoming support term expiration responsive to your request.
You will never be automatically subscribed to receive any future bulk/automated sales, marketing, newsletter or similar communications unless you explicitly request to receive such communications.
We may send unsolicited automated bulk communications to alert you of important security or service affecting issues that come to our attention.
Data Collection - Software
We do not receive or collect data in conjunction with installation or use of software products we offer.
Similarly no data is
transmitted to third parties except for cases where integration with third party systems is explicitly configured.
Examples include
configuring outgoing messaging, geocoding, service provisioning and transaction processing.
Some of our software products offer hyperlinks within the software operators may use to access online support resources located on our website
such as online knowledge base and product documentation.
In this case when links are followed requests to our website are logged.
Data Collection - Purchasing
When purchasing products and services data may be shared with appropriate payment processor as necessary for limited purpose of completing transaction.
Security and Data Protection
We take a number of steps to reduce risks to systems and data:
Website secured by use of strong authenticated encryption when using "https" to access our site (https://www.iea-software.com)
Encryption of sensitive stored data including personal account
numbers and access credentials
Multifactor authentication for staff access to internal databases where
personally identifiable (PII) data is stored
Standard security practices: Firewalling, access controls, logging, surface minimization
Access to and Control over Information
Following requests pending appropriate authentication are honored:
Opt out of any future contacts from us
Removal of PII such as name, address, telephone and email from account databases unless otherwise required to collect outstanding debt
Update account information on file when changed or inaccurate
Questions and Updates
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time.
All updates will be posted on this page.
If you have any questions or concerns about this policy or if you feel we are not abiding by this privacy policy
please contact us immediately.
Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy