https://www.festo.com/us/en/e/privacy-statement/cookie-policy-id_36404/
Loading...
Privacy statement
Cookie Policy
Cookie Policy
1. What is a cookie?A cookie is a small data packet exchanged between computer programs and stored on your end device (such as your desktop computer, notebook or smartphone) when you visit a website. Cookies contain a cookie ID, which acts as a unique identifier for each specific cookie. This ID is comprised of a sequence of characters, which can be used to link websites and servers to the specific Internet browser in which the cookie is stored. This enables the websites and servers visited to distinguish the user’s browser from other browsers that contain different cookies. A specific Internet browser can be recognized and identified via the unique cookie ID.
2. Which types of cookies exist?First-party cookies
Cookies installed on your device by the companies that operate the sites you visit.
Third-party cookies
Cookies saved on your device via the sites you visit. Companies install these cookies for website analysis purposes, to provide the operator with information such as the number of visitors to a particular Internet page.
Persistent cookiesThese cookies remain on your device when you close your Internet browser, and they are reactivated each time you visit the website that originally generated this cookie.
Session cookies These cookies are not permanently stored on your device. They are used to enhance your browsing experience on a website, for example by enabling you to switch between websites without needing to log back in. Closing your Internet browser deletes all session cookies from your computer.
Flash cookiesThese cookies are installed by websites that feature multimedia content. Adobe Flash software is required to display this content. This speeds up the rate at which you can download content and save information.
3. What purposes do cookies serve?The information generated by cookies is required to
correctly display the contents of websites,
to optimise the contents of these sites and advertising displayed on them,
to guarantee the long-term functionality of IT systems and website technology and
to provide the information required for prosecution to the relevant authorities in the event of a cyber attack.
In addition to statistical analyses, this data and information is evaluated to improve data protection and data security in our company, in order to ensure that the personal data we process is protected in the most effective way.
4. For which purposes does Festo use cookies?Festo uses cookies in a variety of ways, including for the following purposes:
To provide the Festo websites and applications that you use
To authenticate and identify you when you use our websites and applications so that we can provide you with the services you have requested
To provide additional protection in our online customer support and online ordering processes
To track information that you have provided, e.g. holding items in your basket when you are in our Online Shop.
To save your settings or the point at which you stopped using a website or application from Festo
To measure your use of websites and applications from Festo so that we can improve them and tailor our websites and online services to your likely interests
To understand your likely interests so that we can provide you with more relevant content on the Festo website.
Festo uses cookies with the following functions:
Functional cookies There are two types of functional cookies
-
Cookies that guarantee basic website functionality
-
Cookies that improve the user experience. The latter type of cookie enables the portal to “remember” any entries or settings (e.g. login, language, font size and other display preferences) you have configured over a specific period of time, so that you don’t need to configure them again each time you visit and navigate the website.
Cookies for website performance analysisCookies that help us improve our website provide aggregated statistics such as the total number of visitors to a website and which areas of a website are viewed most frequently by users. These types of cookies may be installed by external analysis service providers working on our behalf.
Interest-based and targeted cookiesTo enable us to provide you with the most relevant information on our products and services, we use cookies to identify which content you have viewed on our website and to target a small number of advertising banners displayed in selected sections of our website to a specific product or additional service that the visitor may be interested in, as well as to monitor the general effectiveness of advertising on our website.
How can you control cookies?
You can control and/or delete cookies if you prefer. This site explains how: You can find out how to do this at the following link http://www.aboutcookies.org/.
You can delete cookies that have been saved to your computer, and most browsers can be configured to prevent cookies from being stored. However, you may then have to configure certain settings manually each time you visit a site and accept that some functions may be restricted. Disabling all cookies may mean that some of the basic features on our website can no longer be used.
You can decide which types of Festo cookie you wish to permit by clicking on the selection fields in our cookie controller below:
Behaviour cookies
Please check one of the options
Behaviour cookies for statistics
These include cookies that enable Festo to optimise the website based on users' behaviour (tracking) and are stored anonymously.
Performance improvement
Please check one of the options
Performance improvement for simpler operation
These cookies assist users in that optimum suggestions are made based on users' behaviour.
Functional cookies
Please check one of the options
Functional cookies for your convenience
These cookies enhance the functions and convenience of the website. For example, encrypted user data can be stored in them for an automatic logon. These cookies can be stored for a long time.
Essential cookies
Please check one of the options
Essential cookies for basic functions
These cookies are used for enabling the basic function of the Festo website and the online shop. These cookies cannot be deselected.