https://www.annapmicro.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to contentAbout UsProductsDevelopment ToolsSolutionsServices & SupportAnnapolis Micro Systems, Inc.190 Admiral Cochrane Drive, Suite 130 Annapolis, MD 21401 Tel: 410-841-2514 Fax: 410-841-2518wfinfo@annapmicro.comThis privacy policy sets out how Annapolis Micro Systems, Inc. uses and protects any information provided when you use this website.Annapolis Micro Systems, Inc. is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time and all updates will be posted on this page. This policy is effective from 09/13/2014.RegistrationIn order to access certain features of this website, a user must first complete the registration form. During registration a user is required to give certain information (such as name and email address). This information is used to contact you about the products and services on our site in which you have expressed interest.Information Collection and UseWe are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you.We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.Controlling Your Personal InformationWe will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law.You may request details of personal information which we hold about you, under the Data Protection Act 1998, by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website.If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, or that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at 410-841-2514 or at wfinfo@annapmicro.com.SecurityWe are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.How We Use CookiesWe use "cookies" on this site. A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive to help us improve your access to our site. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyze web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.Links to Other WebsitesOur website may contain links to enable you to visit other websites of interest easily. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.