https://www.hhs.gov/hipaa/for-professionals/privacy/guidance/index.html
Skip to main content
HHS.gov
Health Information Privacy
Search
U.S. Department of Health & Human Services
Search
Close
HHS A-Z Index
HIPAA for Individuals
Filing a Complaint
HIPAA for Professionals
Newsroom
HHS > HIPAA Home > For Professionals > Privacy > Guidance Materials
Text Resize
A
A
A
Print
Share
HIPAA For Professionals MenuHIPAA for Professionals
Regulatory Initiatives
Privacyhas sub items, PrivacySummary of the Privacy Rule
Guidance
Combined Text of All Rules
HIPAA Related Links
Securityhas sub items, SecuritySummary of the Security Rule
Guidance
Cyber Security Guidance
Breach Notificationhas sub items, Breach NotificationBreach Reporting
Guidance
Reports to Congress
Regulation History
Compliance & Enforcementhas sub items, Compliance & EnforcementEnforcement Rule
Enforcement Process
Enforcement Data
Resolution Agreements
Case Examples
Audit
Reports to Congress
State Attorneys General
Special Topicshas sub items, Special TopicsHIPAA and COVID-19
HIPAA and FERPA
Mental Health & Substance Use Disorders
Research
Public Health
Emergency Response
Health Information Technology
Health Apps
Patient Safetyhas sub items, Patient SafetyStatute & RulePSQIA Statute
Patient Safety Rule
Enforcement
Guidance
Covered Entities & Business Associateshas sub items, Covered Entities & Business AssociatesBusiness Associates
Business Associate Contracts
Training & Resources
FAQs for Professionals
Other Administrative Simplification Rules
HIPAA Guidance MaterialsSmall Providers, Small Health Plans, and other Small Businesses
View materials about the Privacy Rule for small providers, small health plans and other small businesses.
HIPAA and Health Plans - Care Coordination and Continuity of Care
View frequently asked questions that clarify how the HIPAA Privacy Rule permits health plans to share protected health information (PHI) in a manner that furthers the HHS Secretary's goal of promoting coordinated care.
Covered Entities
Understanding Some of HIPAA's Permitted Uses and Disclosures - Topical fact sheets that provide examples of when PHI can be exchanged under HIPAA without first requiring a specific authorization from the patient, so long as other protections or conditions are met.
Guidance on Significant Aspects of the Privacy Rule - A collection of documents explaining many provisions of the Privacy Rule including business associates, special topics such as disclosures for public health and research, and incidental uses and disclosures.
Guidance on Individuals' Right to Access Health Information - This guidance explains the importance of providing individuals with the ability to access and obtain a copy of their health information.
Guidance on HIPAA and Workplace Wellness Programs - This guidance explains the ways in which health information collected from or created about participants in a wellness program offered as part of a group health plan is protected by HIPAA.
Guidance Regarding Methods for De-identification of Protected Health Information in Accordance with the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA) Privacy Rule - This page provides guidance about methods and approaches to achieve de-identification in accordance with the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) Privacy Rule. The guidance explains and answers questions regarding the two methods that can be used to satisfy the Privacy Rule’s de-identification standard: Expert Determination and Safe Harbor.  This guidance is intended to assist covered entities to understand what is de-identification, the general process by which de-identified information is created, and the options available for performing de-identification.
Workshop on the HIPAA Privacy Rule's De-Identification Standard - Washington, DC - March 8th & 9th, 2010
Fast Facts for Covered Entities - Answers to many common questions and misconceptions about patient consent, incidental disclosures, child abuse reporting, electronic media, and other disclosures.
Provider Guide: Communicating With a Patient's Family, Friends, or Other Persons Identified by the Patient - This is a guide for health care providers to help them determine when they can disclose a patient's health information to the patient's family, friends, or other identified by the patient.
Understanding Spouse, Family Member, Marriage, and Personal Representatives in the Privacy Rule
- The HIPAA Privacy Rule recognizes the integral role that a spouse often plays in a patient's health and health care.  Consistent with the Supreme Court decision in Obergefell  v. Hodges, OCR has issued guidance that makes clear that the terms marriage, spouse, and family member include, respectively, all lawful marriages (whether same-sex or opposite-sex), lawfully married spouses and the dependents of all lawful marriages, and clarifies certain rights of individuals under the Privacy Rule.
Frequently Asked Questions About Family Medical History Information - These frequently asked questions and answers address how the Privacy Rule permits the use and disclosure of family medical history information.
Frequently Asked Questions About the Disposal of Protected Health Information - These frequently asked questions and answers address how covered entities should dispose of protected health information pursuant to the Privacy and Security Rules.
HIPAA and the FTC Act - Does your organization collect and share consumer health information? When it comes to privacy, you've probably thought about the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA). But did you know that you also need to comply with the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) Act? This means if you share health information, it's not enough to simply consider the HIPAA Privacy Rule. You also must make sure your disclosure statements are not deceptive under the FTC Act.
Misleading Marketing Claims - This notice addresses marketing claims that suggest compliance programs may be endorsed by HHS. HHS and OCR do not endorse any private consultants' or education providers' seminars, materials or systems, and do not certify any persons or products as Privacy Rule compliant.
Designation of Regional Privacy Advisors - The HITECH Act requires the Secretary to designate an individual in each regional office of HHS to offer guidance and education to covered entities, business associates, and individuals on their rights and responsibilities related to the HIPAA Privacy and Security Rules.
Sign Up for the OCR Privacy Listserv - OCR has established a listserv to inform the public about Privacy and Security Rule FAQs, guidance, and technical assistance materials as they are released.
Related Links
See HIPAA related links.
Back to Top
Frequently Asked Questions for Professionals - Please see the HIPAA FAQs for additional guidance on health information privacy topics.
Content created by Office for Civil Rights (OCR)Content last reviewed on August 31, 2020
Connect With OCR
Sign Up for OCR Updates
To sign up for updates or to access your subscriber preferences, please enter your contact information below.
Email
Office for Civil Rights Headquarters
U.S. Department of Health & Human Services
200 Independence Avenue, S.W.
Washington, D.C. 20201
Toll Free Call Center: 1-800-368-1019
TTD Number: 1-800-537-7697
Contact HHS
Careers
HHS FAQs
Nondiscrimination Notice
HHS Archive
Accessibility
Privacy Policy
Viewers & Players
Budget/Performance
Guidance Portal
Inspector General
EEO/No Fear Act
FOIA
The White House
USA.gov
Back to Top