http://www.infobizsolutions.com/terms_of_service
Terms of Service
By signing in to the Infobiz Solutions website you are agreeing to the Terms of Service.
The Terms of Service or Privacy Policy may be viewed by clicking on the links below.
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Login to your account
I have read or I have had an opportunity to read the Infobiz Solutions Terms of Service.
I Agree (Sign In)
Cancel Login
Forgot your Password ?
click here to reset your password.
LOGIN
Toggle navigation
Home
OTA+
Coming Soon in 2019Click here to see the features
OTA+ (Online Trust Accounting Plus)Cloud Based Trust AccountingComing soon in 2019
Features
Support
Pricing
Compliance Matrix
Register Your Interest Now
OTA+ (STRA)
Available NowClick here to see the features
OTA+ (STRA) - Short Term Rental AccommodationCloud Based Trust AccountingAvailable Now
Start Free Trial Now
Frequently Asked Questions
Features
Support
Pricing
Compliance Matrix
OCS+
Coming Soon in 2019Click here to see the features
OCS+ (Online Conveyancing System Plus)Cloud Based Conveyancing SystemComing soon in 2019
Features
Support
Pricing
Compliance Matrix
Register Your Interest Now
Trustpak
Trustpak For Windows 10
Features
Support
Trustpak Pricing
Trustpak PDF Brochure
Download Trustpak Demo
Trustpak 30 Day Free Trial
Trustpak Compliance Matrix
Trustpak Subscription Purchase
Trustpak - What is Trust Accounting Software?
Support
Please Login For Support
News
Contact Us
Terms of Service
Home
Terms of Service
Infobiz Software Licence Terms and Conditions
By clicking the "I AGREE" button (when logging into Trustpak), or by logging into or accessing any of our cloud based products or other services you agree to be
bound by the terms of this document as though you had signed a copy of this document. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you must not access or use any
software products or use our software products.
Your access to, and use of, our software products (regardless of whether or not
your access or use is intended) is conditional on your acceptance and compliance with
the terms, conditions, notices, guidelines, instructions and disclaimers contained in
this document.
1	Scope of these terms and conditions
In these terms and conditions a reference to:
"InfoBiz" means InfoBiz Solutions Pty Ltd (ACN 103 089 756) of P.O. Box 31,
Semaphore South Australia 5019;
"API" means any electronic application programming interface that connects to or provides packets of information to or from Infobiz Software.
"Beta Tester" means a user or anyone who is using or accessing beta test versions of Infobiz Software
that are still being tested prior to a general release. No formal arrangements are required to
become a beta tester, simply by accessing our beta software you are agreeing to be bound by
the terms and conditions in this document as if you had signed this document. If you do not
wish to be a beta tester you must not access the beta test versions of our software.
As a beta tester of Infobiz Software you may or may not receive some discount on the subscription fees charged by Infobiz.
"Cloud" means the infrastructure that provides the Infobiz cloud software applications.
"Data" means any data or information that you have either provided, imported or input by any
means whether by manually inputting data or electronically importing the data.
"Licence" means any licence to use the Software granted to you pursuant to these
terms and conditions;
"Software" means any InfoBiz software (including any cloud based software applications, windows based software, or any computer based applications associated programs, files,
dynamic link libraries and documentation) which you have been authorised to use by
InfoBiz.
"Subscriber" means the person or the entity the person represents who registers to use our software services.
"Subscription" means a period of purchase in which this licence to use the Software
is granted to you pursuant to these terms and conditions;
"Third Party" means any third party company or service provider that provides information manually or electronically to Infobiz.
"Website" means the Internet site at the domain "infobizsolutions.com", "ibs-cloud.org" or any other
site operated by Infobiz.
The "Software" also includes any additional modules or future enhancements or
replacement versions of the Software InfoBiz makes available to you but only to the
extent that you are entitled to use them as a result of the payment of applicable
fees; and "you" (or derivations thereof) means the party authorised by InfoBiz to
use any of the Software.
Unless otherwise expressly agreed by InfoBiz these terms and conditions govern all
use of any InfoBiz software.
Simply accessing Infobiz Software regardless of whether
you have completed any registration process or payment of licence/subscription fees or
access or installation of any of InfoBiz software on any of your computers or your use
of any InfoBiz software signifies your acceptance of these terms and conditions.
2	Details of Licence
Trial/Evaluation licence - If InfoBiz has agreed to allow you to use or install Software for
evaluation. demo or trial purposes, then all such use is governed by these terms
and conditions and any restrictions imposed by InfoBiz from time to time with respect to
evaluation use (eg. limits on the number of transactions or limits on the number of days
which may be processed or the duration for which use is permitted).
Periodic licence - Upon payment of the applicable licence fees to InfoBiz (as
stipulated and varied by InfoBiz from time to time), InfoBiz grants you a
personal, non-exclusive, non-transferable licence permitting you to use the Software on up
to the maximum number of workstations or by the number of purchased users covered by the licence fee for the period that was
covered by the licence/subscription fee.
If you wish to increase the maximum number of workstations or users covered by the licence,
then you must pay InfoBiz its then applicable additional licence fees before
commencing any such use as stated on the website.
InfoBiz is not responsible for the supply of any operating system or application
software, browsers or any other items which may be required by you to use the Software.
The Software is password/unlock code protected and the password/unlock code only
permits evaluation use in accordance with evaluation restrictions and only permits
non-evaluation use for the period covered by the relevant licence/subscription fee payment.
InfoBiz will issue further passwords/unlock codes to you providing you pay further
licence fees in accordance with payment	terms. You may only use the Software if you
have validly obtained and correctly	input the necessary password from InfoBiz.
You must not attempt to decode or circumvent the password protection of the Software.
You are not permitted to sub licence or assign the Licence. Under the Licence you
acquire no rights to use or access the source code associated with the Software.
For versions of our products that are non cloud that required download and installation, you
may make additional copies of downloaded Software solely for the purpose of backup.
You agree not to (a) reverse assemble, reverse compile or decode the Software or
to ascertain the source code by any means; (b) remove, change or bypass any
copyright or Software protection statements embedded in the Software; or (c) use
the Software in or for any other company or other legal entity.
You agree (a) the Software is a valuable asset of InfoBiz and is supplied to you
on a restricted
and confidential basis; (b) the Software will be kept secret and
confidential by you at all times; (c) all copyright in the Software and all other
InfoBiz software (including screens, screen design, files, dynamic link libraries,
and documentation) is retained by InfoBiz and title to the copy of the Software which is delivered to you
and to any copies, reproductions, adaptations, enhancements or translations
made of the Software and any interfaces with the Software is also retained by
InfoBiz and to the extent necessary you hereby assign intellectual property rights
in same to InfoBiz; (d) to reproduce and include the copyright notice and any
other legend specified by InfoBiz on any copies of the Software you make;
(e) at all times to take reasonable steps to protect the Software from
unauthorised access and use; (f) to give InfoBiz notice of any infringement of
copyright or any of InfoBiz's rights which comes to your attention; and (g) before
disposing of any media, to ensure any of the Software contained on it has been erased
or destroyed.
3	Installation & training
Unless otherwise agreed by InfoBiz or a service provider approved by InfoBiz (an
"Authorised Service Provider"), you are responsible for the installation of the
Software.
If InfoBiz or an Authorised Service Provider has agreed to install the
Software, then you must (a) promptly supply any assistance which may be reasonably
requested for the purposes of delivering and installing the Software; (b) ensure
that you grant all reasonable access, including necessary security clearances,
for the purposes of installing the Software; and (c) ensure that your site and
computer equipment comply with any specifications or requirements communicated to you.
If InfoBiz or an Authorised Service Provider agrees to load pre-existing trust
account or other data, you will remain responsible for ensuring the completeness
and accuracy of the data provided by you and for verifying that all data which is
loaded is complete and accurate.
If Infobiz provides you with tools or software to upload your existing trust account
data into our cloud based or any other software, you will remain responsible for ensuring
the completeness and accuracy of the data provided by you and for verifying that all data which is
loaded is complete and accurate.
4	Maintenance & support
If you have paid the applicable licence/subscription fees to InfoBiz (as stipulated and varied
by InfoBiz from time to time), then during the period covered by that fee you shall
be entitled to (a) access online help files; (b) submit support requests by internet
website. email. or telephone; (c) access InfoBiz's Help Desk services subject to
InfoBiz's then applicable conditions regarding such access; (d) receive any
patches to the Software that InfoBiz may generally make available for the
purposes of correcting defects; and (e) defect support as specified below
(collectively called "maintenance and support services").
In order to receive maintenance and support services, you must do all things
reasonably required by InfoBiz to enable InfoBiz to provide these services
remotely, including establishing and maintaining an ability to connect your
computer equipment to the internet as and when required by InfoBiz.
InfoBiz may arrange for an Authorised Service Provider or contractor to provide
maintenance and support services. The costs of supplying and installing any new
release of the Software, including but not limited to the cost of any modifications
and retraining your staff in the use of the new release are not covered by
maintenance and support services. You agree to meet these costs.
It is your responsibility to test the Software before making productive use of it
to ensure it operates correctly in your environment and for the purposes you
require.
A "software defect" is where the Software is not working as specified in InfoBiz's user
documentation.
To gain defect support you agree to provide InfoBiz with
particulars of the defect in a format specified by InfoBiz and to provide InfoBiz
with any required assistance in the diagnosis of the
defect. Provided InfoBiz
can reproduce the reported defect in an operating environment InfoBiz considers
suitable, InfoBiz will issue at InfoBiz's discretion one or more of the following
remedies: (i) a defect correction; (ii) a bypass which temporarily or permanently
provides an
alternative similar function; or (iii) a restriction which
temporarily or permanently revokes the use of a function.
Maintenance and support services are only available for the current standard
release of the Software at any time and for the immediate prior standard release
for a period of three (3) months after the date the current standard release is
made generally available by InfoBiz. Without limitation, maintenance and support
services do not cover altered Software, improper use of the Software, failure to
comply with any of InfoBiz's recommendations or requirements including any
requests for assistance, use of the Software with equipment or third parties'
programs or services other than those approved by InfoBiz, or supplying
information available in the user documentation. If services are provided and
InfoBiz reasonably concludes that they are not covered by maintenance and
support services, then you must pay for those services at the rates specified by
InfoBiz from time to time.
5	Third party data, data feeds and API's
Infobiz may during the course of providing access to our software provide additional third party data,
data feeds and or API connectivity to a third party who provides such service. You may need to be a subscriber
to access these additional features.
Infobiz makes no warranty or guarantee on the reliability, dependability or accuracy of the third party data. It is purely by choice of the subscriber
to use or not to use this third party information.
Infobiz reserves the right to charge for third party information that it makes available through Infobiz Software.
6	Fair use Policy
The fair use of our software is solely at the discretion of Infobiz and if a subscriber uses our software in anyway
that is considered to be unfair by Infobiz, then Infobiz will communicate this to the subscriber using any medium of communications.
The subscriber will have seven (7) days to either rectify their use of our software or on agreement the subscriber will pay additional fees
to Infobiz that suitably covers the unfair use of the software. If there is no agreement after seven (7) days and the subscriber has not rectified
their use of Infobiz software then the subscription of the subscriber may be terminated.
7	Additional Services
InfoBiz provides access to Infobiz Software products but may also provide accesss to third party information. Without limitation, InfoBiz
is not obliged to provide any other training, installation, configuration or implementation services. If you require any additional services,
then you may request InfoBiz to submit a proposal for the provision of those additional services.
If InfoBiz feels able to provide those
additional services, then InfoBiz will prepare a proposal identifying the additional services it will provide, its estimated schedule for
the provision of the additional services and the fees payable for the additional services. InfoBiz may refer requests for additional services
to an Authorised Service Provider.
8	Failure to pay subscription (Cloud Products Only)
Seven (7) days prior to the expiry of the subscription Infobiz will auto send a daily reminder informing the subscriber how many days they have left on their subscription.
If the subscriber fails to pay the subscription fees by the expiry date, the subscriber will be given two additional (2) grace days. Automatic emails will be sent during the grace days period to remind
the subscriber of the expiry. After the two (2) grace days expire and the subscriber still has not paid their subscription fees an automatic email notifying the subscriber that the subscription will be placed into a "Pay Only" mode
which means the subscriber may log in but the only function available will be the subscription menu allowing the payment of the subscription.
During the "Pay Only Mode" The API connections receiving and sending data are still active. The client logins are still active.
If after thirty (30) days the subscription is still unpaid an automatic email will be sent to the subscriber giving notification that the subscription has been "Archived" and moved off the live cloud servers to an archival server where
it will reside for three (3) months. During this three (3) month period if the subscriber wishes to retrieve the archived subscription back to the live servers additional restore frees will be charged.
When the subscription is set to "Archived" No functions are active, the API connections receiving and sending data are NOT active. The client logins are Not active. When a client tries to login they will be told to contact the owner of the subscription and given then subscription company name.
After three (3) months if there is no request from the subscriber to restore the archived subscription it will be deleted.
9	Discontinuance and Termination of Licence
You may terminate this Licence at any time on 30 days written email notice to InfoBiz.
This Licence will terminate immediately without further notice to you if you fail
to pay a licence fee (for cloud products refer to section 8) when due or fail to remedy any breach of this Licence
within 14 days after receipt of notice requiring the breach to be
remedied.
The termination of this Licence will be without prejudice to any rights which
InfoBiz may have.
Upon termination of this Licence by InfoBiz for whatever
cause, InfoBiz is discharged and released from all obligations under this Licence.
Your obligations of confidentiality and non disclosure specified in this Licence
will survive the termination of this Licence and you must continue to comply
with those obligations notwithstanding the termination.
10	Intellectual Property
Ownership, title and complete intellectual property rights of the cloud, windows
or any other software that relates to the services we provide is the property of Infobiz.
Ownership of data, the title to the entered data it and any rights whatsoever remains the property
of the subscriber who is responsible for entering that data. Continued access to the
data by the subscriber is contingent upon full payment of any subscription or any others fees that may
have been agreed upon including installation fees, development fees or extended support fees.
Subscriber feedback to Infobiz becomes the intellectual property owned by Infobiz and the subscriber
agrees to surrender any intellectual property rights of the supplied feedback in favour of Infobiz.
You grant Infobiz an ongoing, worldwide, fully transferred, non-revocable, royalty free license to use any
feedback you provide to InfoBiz in any way, shape or form.
If the Subscriber does not agree with these terms and conditions the Subscriber must not access our software.
By accessing our software you are agreeing to this entire document as though you had signed it.
A beta tester who accesses beta versions of our software may provide feedback to Infobiz. All and any of the
feedback to Infobiz becomes the intellectual property owned by Infobiz and the beta tester agrees to surrender
any intellectual property rights of the supplied feedback. You grant Infobiz an ongoing, worldwide, fully transferred,
non-revocable, royalty free license to use the feedback you provide to InfoBiz in any way, shape or form.
If the beta tester does not agree with these terms and conditions the besta tester must not access our beta versions of our software.
By accessing our beta versions of our software you are agreeing to this entire document as though you had signed it.
11	Changes to these Terms and Conditions
Infobiz reserves the right to modify these Terms and Conditions, in our sole discretion, at any time, and the modifications
will be effective immediately when posted to our website and available under the link "Terms of Service" or when we notify you
by other means. We may also add, change, modify or discontinue the Services, in whole or in part. It is incumbent on the Subscriber
to review the "Terms of Service" whenever we modify it because your continued use of our Software indicates your agreement to the modifications.
12	Limited warranty and disclaimer
InfoBiz warrants that InfoBiz has the right and authority to grant a Licence for
the Software and that the Software, when used in an operating environment
approved by InfoBiz, conforms as nearly as practicable to its published
specifications.
InfoBiz will use reasonable endeavours to provide any services
to you within agreed time frames but InfoBiz shall not be liable for any delay
in the provision of services arising from events of force majeure or any other
cause whatsoever. If InfoBiz supplies standard form letters or documents to you,
it is your responsibility to ensure that the letters or documents are suitable for
your purposes and InfoBiz shall not be liable for any consequences arising from
your use of such letters or documents.
Some laws (such as the Trade Practices Act) imply conditions and warranties into
certain contracts. Some laws do not allow those contracts to exclude, modify or
restrict those implied terms ("non-excludable terms").
These conditions are
limited so that they do not exclude, restrict or modify those rights.
To the
extent permitted by law, InfoBiz's liability for breach of any condition or
warranty implied by law which can not be excluded is limited, in InfoBiz's
discretion, to re-supplying the services or the cost of re-supply.
SUBJECT TO THE ABOVE WARRANTIES AND THE ABOVE PROVISON
REGARDING NON-EXCLUDABLE TERMS, THE SOFTWARE AND ANY
SERVICES ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING (WITHOUT LIMITATION)
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR
A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
InfoBiz NEITHER MAKES NOR APPROVES
THE MAKING OF ANY WARRANTY OR REPRESENTATION THAT THE
SOFTWARE OR SERVICES WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS OR THAT
THE OPERATION OF THE SOFTWARE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR
ERROR FREE.
YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR ENSURING THAT THE
SOFTWARE AND ANY SERVICES WILL SATISFY YOUR REQUIREMENTS.
If circumstances arise where you are entitled to claim damages from InfoBiz or
any other party involved in the supply, support and maintenance of the
Software or the provision of services relating to the Software (a "relevant
party"), then notwithstanding the other provisions of this Licence, InfoBiz's
liability (and the liability of any other relevant party) to you for the aggregate
of all such claims (regardless of the basis on which you are entitled to claim
including, without limitation, negligence) is limited to the lesser of (a) the
amount of any actual direct loss or damage which you sustain; (b) the amount
of the Licence Fee most recently paid by you; and (c) InfoBiz's cost of
replacing or repairing any defective Software. InfoBiz is not liable for losses
or damages of third parties claimed against you caused by InfoBiz's
negligence.
In no event will InfoBiz be liable for actual or anticipated lost
profits, lost savings, lost or damaged data or any incidental or consequential
damages even if InfoBiz has been advised of the possibility of such damages.
13	Additional Terms
Infobiz does not provide, give or communicate professional advice. Infobiz is
not in the business of providing legal, financial, accounting, tax, health care,
real estate. property transfer, property management, conveyancing or any other professional
services or advice. You must consult the services of a competent professional when
you need this type of assistance.
Neither party is responsible for failure to fullfil any obligation due to causes
beyond their control.
If any provision of this Licence is found to be invalid,
un-enforceable or illegal, then that provision will be deemed to be deleted to the
extent necessary to remove the invalid, un-enforceable or illegal portion and the
balance of this Licence will remain binding. You agree that this is the complete
and exclusive statement of the agreement between you and InfoBiz and that it
supersedes all proposals or prior agreements, oral or written,and all other
communications between all parties relating to the subject matter of this Licence.
This Licence is made in accordance with, and is subject to, the laws of South
Australia. You irrevocably agree to submit all disputes arising in connection with
this Licence to the jurisdiction of the South Australian courts.
For the past 18 years at Infobiz Solutions we have been focused on the financial and legal software industry, we have a number of windows based products and our soon to be released cloud versions of our products.
Useful Links
ASTRA AUS SHORT TERM RENTAL ACCOM BODY
APRA - Register of ADI's
IBM - INTERACTION BOOKING MANAGER
More Useful Links
PEXA
Australian Institute of Conveyancers
Legislation - States and Territories
Contact Us
Infobiz Solutions
P.O. Box 31,
Semaphore, South Australia 5019
Phone Within Australia:
08 7421 5940
International Callers:
+61-8-7421-5940
Sales: sales @ infobizsolutions dot com
Support: support @ infobizsolutions dot com
© All Rights Reserved.
Privacy Policy | Terms of Service