https://www.antennahouse.com/privacy-policy?hsLang=en
Products
AH Formatter V7
AH Formatter Add-ons
AH Regression Testing System
Office Server Document Converter
AH Formatter Docker Image
AH PDFXML Conversion Library
Trial Downloads
AH Formatter
Office Server Document Converter
AH Regression Testing System
Purchase
Pricing
How to Order
Upgrading
Licenses
Maintenance
Resellers
Resources
Product Releases
Support
Tips & Tricks
Case Studies
XSL-FO
CSS for Paged Media Book
GitHub
Developers
DITA
PDF5-ML Plugin
AH Formatter Documentation
XSL/CSS Extensions
Partners
Our Partners
Partner Testimonials
Company
About Us
News
Events
Contact
Privacy Policy
1. Summary
You will find below our full privacy statement regarding the way we collect and process your personal data, and your rights regarding this personal data. We have tried to draft this document in an easily understandable way, but it remains a legally binding document with technical terms, which is why we are providing you with the following short, non-binding summary of this document.
We collect some personal data automatically, only for statistical purposes; otherwise, all of your personal data is given directly to us by you when you fill out our registration, order or contact forms. We only transfer this information to our parent company in the Japan and to third parties who take part in our services (for example, our delivery or payment partners).
You may exercise several rights under the GDPR by contacting us, including the right to access your personal data (i.e. receive a copy of the information we have), the right to portability of your data (transfer your data to someone else), the right to rectify any mistake in your data, and, under certain conditions, the right to erase your data, and the right to object to or to restrict the processing of your personal data.
We remain available to answer any questions you may have regarding this Privacy Statement, which may be directed to sales@antennahouse.com, and invite you to read the full, binding statement below.
2. Purpose of the Privacy Statement
This document constitutes a binding agreement (hereafter the “Privacy Statement”) regarding the collection and processing of personal data by means of the website accessible via the domain name antennahouse.com (hereafter the “Website”) between Antenna House, Inc. and its affiliates (hereafter “us” or “Company”) and any visitor and/or user of the Website (hereafter “you” or the “User”). Throughout this Privacy Statement, the expression “personal data” refers to any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person, as defined by the GDPR.
The Privacy Statement aims to inform you of the conditions under which your personal data is collected and processed by us and the rights that you have regarding this data.
In order to operate the Website and provide our services, we collect and process specific personal data, solely for the purposes detailed hereafter. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement.
3. Personal Data We Collect and Process
3.1 Users of the Website Generally
Personally-Identifying Information is information that can be directly associated with a specific person. Company may collect a range of Personally-Identifying Information from and about Website users. Much of the Personally-Identifying Information collected by Company about users is information provided by users themselves when (1) requesting demo or trial request, (2) participating in polls, contests, surveys or other features of our service, or responding to offers or advertisements, (3) communicating with us,(4) signing up to receive newsletters. That information may include each user’s name, address, email address, ip address and telephone number, and, if you transact business with us, financial information such as your payment method (valid credit card number, type, expiration date or other financial information). Users of the Website are under no obligation to provide Company with Personally-Identifying Information of any kind, with the caveat that a user’s refusal to do so may prevent the user from using certain Website features.
3.2 Web Beacons
A “Web Beacon” is an object that is embedded in a web page or email that is usually invisible to the user and allows website operators to check whether a user has viewed a particular web page or an email. Company may use Web Beacons on the Website and in emails to count users who have visited particular pages, viewed emails and to deliver co-branded services. Web Beacons are not used to access users’ Personally-Identifying Information. They are a technique Company may use to compile aggregated statistics about Website usage. Web Beacons collect only a limited set of information, including a Web Cookie number, time and date of a page or email view and a description of the page or email on which the Web Beacon resides. You may not decline Web Beacons. However, they can be rendered ineffective by declining all Web Cookies or modifying your browser setting to notify you each time a Web Cookie is tendered, permitting you to accept or decline Web Cookies on an individual basis.
3.3 Analytics
We may use third-party vendors, including Google, who use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) together to inform, optimize and serve ads based on your past activity on the Website, including Google Analytics for Display Advertising. The information collected may be used to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content and better understand online activity. The information will be retained for 26 months. If you do not want any information to be collected and used by Google Analytics, you can install an opt-out in your web browser (https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/) and/or opt out from Google Analytics for Display Advertising or the Google Display Network by using Google’s Ads Settings (www.google.com/settings/ads).
3.4 Aggregated and Non-Personally-Identifying Information
We may share aggregated and Non-Personally Identifying Information we collect under any of the above circumstances. We may also share it with third parties and our affiliate companies to develop and deliver targeted advertising on the Website and on websites of third parties. We may combine Non-Personally Identifying Information we collect with additional Non-Personally Identifying Information collected from other sources. We also may share aggregated information with third parties, including advisors, advertisers and investors, for the purpose of conducting general business analysis. For example, we may tell our advertisers the number of visitors to the Website and the most popular features or services accessed. This information does not contain any Personally-Identifying Information and may be used to develop website content and services that we hope you and other users will find of interest and to target content and advertising.
4. General Use
Company uses the Personally-Identifying Information in the file we maintain about you, and other information we obtain from your current and past activities on the Website (1) to deliver the products and services that you have requested; (2) to manage your account and provide you with customer support; (3) to communicate with you by email, postal mail, telephone and/or mobile devices about products or services that may be of interest to you either from us, our affiliate companies or other third parties; (4) to develop and display content and advertising tailored to your interests on the Website and other sites; (5) to resolve disputes and troubleshoot problems; (6) to measure consumer interest in our services; (7) to inform you of updates; (8) to customize your experience; (9) to detect and protect us against error, fraud and other criminal activity; (10) to enforce our Terms of Use; and (11) to do as otherwise described to you at the time of collection. We may compare and review your Personally-Identifying Information for accuracy and to detect errors and omissions. We may use financial information or payment method to process payment for any purchases made on the Website, enroll you in the discount, rebate, and other programs in which you elect to participate, to protect against or identify possible fraudulent transactions and otherwise as needed to manage our business.
5. Personal Data Sharing and Transfer
5.1 Internal Transfers
We inform you that the personal data we collect may be transferred to our parent company, Antenna House Inc., located in Japan. These transfers are necessary for the execution of our Terms and Conditions, which you agreed to when you navigate on our Website. In particular, some trial download requests are processed in Japan.
5.2 Third Parties
We inform you that we share aggregated demographic information with our partners and advertisers. The information we shared does not contain any information that would allow any User to be identifiable.
We also outsource certain activities such as order shipments, marketing assistance, postal and email delivery, customer service, and data analysis, and use a credit card processing company to bill users for goods and services. These companies do not retain, share, store or use personal data for any secondary purposes and are not allowed to use personal data, except for the purpose of providing these services. We have also ensured that our agreements with these third parties contain data protection clauses that guarantee appropriate safeguards to the User.
These transfers are required for the performance of our obligations under our Terms and Conditions, which you agreed to when visiting this Website or placing an order with us.
6. Security
We take the security of your Personally-Identifying Information seriously and use reasonable electronic, personnel and physical measures to protect it from loss, theft, alteration or misuse. However, please be advised that even the best security measures cannot fully eliminate all risks. We cannot guarantee that only authorized persons will view your information. We are not responsible for third-party circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures. We are dedicated to protect all information on the Website as is necessary.
7. Links
This Website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that Company is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our Users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every Website that collects personal data. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Website.
8. Privacy Policy Changes
Company may, in its sole discretion, change this Privacy Policy from time to time. Any and all changes to Company’s Privacy Policy will be reflected on this page and the date new versions are posted will be stated at the top of this Privacy Policy. Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Policy applies to all information that we have about you and your account. Users should regularly check this page for any changes to this Privacy Policy. Company will always post new versions of the Privacy Policy on the Website. However, Company may, as determined in its discretion, decide to notify users of changes made to this Privacy Policy via email or otherwise. Accordingly, it is important that users always maintain and update their contact information.
9. Your Rights
Users residing in certain countries, including the EU, are afforded certain rights regarding their personal information. Except where an exception or exemption applies, these rights include the ability to access, data portability, rectification, and request deletion of your personal information.
Contact us if you wish to access, correct or delete your personal information. We may retain certain information as required by law or as necessary for our legitimate business purposes.
CONTACT
To contact our Data Protection Officer:
Email: sales@antennahouse.comPhone: 302-427-2456Fax: 302-691-4647
Formatter
About AH Formatter
AH Formatter v7
AH Formatter Lite v7
AH Formatter Add-ons
Releases
Stylesheets and Samples
Online Documentation
PDF Documentation
Licenses
Upgrading
Formatter Add-ons
Web Interface for AH Formatter
I18N Index Library
CGM Option
SVG Output Option
Barcode Generator Option
PANTONE® Option
PostScript® Output Option
MathML Option
Microsoft Word Output
XPS Output Option
OSDC
OSDC
OSDC Plus
Standard vs Plus Version
Pricing
OSDC Releases
Web Interface for OSDC
Prophet Case Study
Zepf Case Study
Documentation
Technical
What is XSL-FO?
XSL-FO Conformance
XSL/CSS Extensions
XSL/CSS Properties List
Introduction to CSS for Paged Media
What is DITA?
Download DITA PDF5-ML Plugin
Awards
Proud Member
Contact
500 Creek View Rd., Suite 107Newark, Delaware 19711 USA
+1 302-427-2456
Sales | Support
Privacy Policy | © 2020 Antenna House, Inc.