https://www.adndrc.org/privacy_policy
Toggle navigation
About ADNDRC
UDRP
URS
TM-PDDRP
TDRP
UDRP-F
Other DRPs
Contact Us
Language
English
Privacy Policy
placholder
1. INTRODUCTION
This statement represents the privacy policy of the Asian Domain Name Dispute Resolution Centre Limited ("ADNDRC") with regard to domain name disputes held under the Uniform Dispute Resolution Policy issued by the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (ICANN and the use of the ADNDRC website in connection with such proceedings as of the date set out below. This policy is subject to change and any such change will be posted on this page.
ADNDRC, being a company incorporated under the Companies Ordinance (Cap. 32) of the Laws of Hong Kong, is subject to the Personal Data (Privacy) Ordinance of Hong Kong.
2. INFORMATION GATHERED BY THE ADNDRC
Save for the logging of IP addresses or the location of your computer on the Internet, for systems administration, statistical and troubleshooting purposes and the information required from Claimants, Respondents and Panelists, the ADNDRC gathers no information from visitors to its UDRP domain name dispute resolution site. Any information gathered from Claimants, Respondents will be used solely for the purpose of administering the domain name dispute process in question under the UDRP, and in this connection the relevant data will be dealt with by the staff of the ADNDRC, and its Offices and the Panelist dealing with the matter and for no other purpose. No information personal information will be disclosed or transferred by the ADNDRC to any persons other than those referred to in the previous sentence without the prior written consent of the person whose information it is. After a domain name dispute proceeding under the UNDRP is completed the relevant information will be retained in a file established for such proceeding and such information shall be retained by the relevant Office of the ADNDRC for a period of one (1) year, and thereafter for as long as the ADNDRC deems it necessary or useful.
Personal data provided by applicants for inclusion on the ADNDRC domain name dispute resolution Panel of Arbitrators will be used solely for the purpose of assessment for ADNDRC Domain Name Dispute Resolution Panel Listing, and in this connection the data herein will be dealt with by the ADNDRC staff and/or by the ADNDRC Domain Name Dispute Resolution Panel Selection Committee members. After an application for assessment has been duly processed, the application papers of the candidates will be retained in a file established by the ADNDRC for each applicant. Such information will be retained by ADNDRC for as long as it deems necessary or useful.
Under the provisions of the Personal Data (Privacy) Ordinance, a Complainant, a Respondent or an applicant for inclusion on the ADNDRC domain name dispute resolution Panel of Arbitrators the has the right to request access to, and the correction of, his/her personal data as retained by the ADNDRC. Those wishing to access or make corrections to their personal data should submit written requests to the Chairman of the ADNDRC.
It should be noted that is part of the UDRP, its Rules of Procedure and the ADNDRC Supplemental Rules that a Decision of a Panel in regard to a domain name dispute proceeding thereunder may be published on the ADNDRC website.
The ADNDRC endevours to the best of its abilities, both on-line and off-line, to keep the information provided to it by Complainants, Respondents and Panelists as secure as possible. It must be recognised, however, that the Internet is not totally secure and thus we cannot give a total assurance that our on-line security system may not be breached.
The ADNDRC may perform statistical analysis of domain name dispute proceedings under the UDRP and publish such analysis, however such analysis shall only be in aggregate form and shall contain no personal information regarding Complainants, Respondents or Panelists.
The ADNDRC shall not be responsible for the content or the privacy policies of any website to which it may link.
This page last modified on 09 January, 2014.
Discover
About Us
Events
Announcement
Contact Us
Services
UDRP
URS
TM-PDDRP
TDRP
UDRP-F
Other DRPs
Stay Connected
Stay informed by signing up to our newsletter for the latest news and updates.
SUBSCRIBE
© ADNDRC. All Rights Reserved.
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Disclaimer