https://www.csscorp.com/legal/
MENUMENUServices
Customer Experience Management
Customer Acquisition Customer Service Technical Support Premium Support Account Management
Digitize Support Operations and Enhance Customer Experiences
Read More
Enterprise Support Services
Technical Support Customer Support Digital Enterprise Experience Suite Professional Services Customer Success Education Services Inside Sales Services
Comprehensive Support Services To Drive Contextual B2B Engagements
Read More
Infrastructure, Network, Cloud & Security
Managed Infrastructure Services Network Services Cloud Services End User Computing Services Managed Security Services (iSOC)
Go Cloud and Future Proof Your IT Infrastructure Investments with upto 40% TCO Reduction
Read More
Digital Transformation
Cognitive Customer Experience Active Insights Analytical Services API & Microservices Mobile/Web Development Conversational AI Services SalesForce® Services Digital Marketing Services Internet of Things
Go-to-Market 2X Faster and Outclass Competition with our Digital Transformation Consulting Services
Read More
Geospatial Services
GIS Consulting & Assessment Data Acquisition Services Data Processing Management Spatial Analytics and Insights Custom Application Development Industry-Specific Geospatial Solutions
Unlock Geospatial Data with CSS Corp’s Advanced AI and Analytics
Read More
Engineering & Testing
Software Product Engineering Product Verification & Validation Performance Engineering Services DevOps Digital Accessibility Testing Performance Testing Digital Testing Test Automation Framework
Experience CSS Corp’s End-to-End Engineering Services and Highly Efficient Software Testing
Read More
Solutions
Digital AssuranceDigital Assurance Augmented RealityAugmented Reality Based Support AutomationSmart Automation Services Intelligent Automation Contelli – Cognitive IT Operations Cognitive CX Platform Cloud ConsultingCloudMAP CloudPATH Contelli
AnalyticsCustomer Experience Analytics Conversational Analytics Marketing Analytics IT Operations Analytics IoT Analytics Services CruiseBoard Speech Analytics Solution Early Warning System Log Analysis CxO Dashboards
Drive Enhanced Cost Savings And Insights With Our Cognitive CX Platform
Know about CSS Corp’s AI powered Virtual Assistant platform Download
Industries
Banking, Financial Services & Insurance Communications, Media & Technology Consumer Electronics Education Healthcare & Life Sciences Manufacturing Retail & Consumer Goods Utilities – Geospatial Navigation – Geospatial Telecom – Geospatial
CSS Corp’s KYRA Transforms Tech Support
CSS Corp’s KYRA is elevating tech support to a whole new leve Read more…
Resources
Blogs Case Studies Point Of View Brochure Flyer Infographics Media Kit Videos Newsletters Compendium Webinars
Reimagining End-user Experience with AI, Analytics and Automation
Know how CSS Corp infuses intelligence into your business processes through AI, analytics and automation Download Now
Company
About CSS Corp CSS Corp’s Cosmos Analyst Recognitions Alumni Innovation @ CSS Corp Careers Testimonials Awards Management Team Corporate Social Responsibility News & Press Releases Events Alliances Global Presence
CSS Corp – Corporate Video
Experience CSS Corp’s thrilling innovation journey through our corporate video Watch the Video
Careers
Latest OpeningsCareers @ Philippines Contact Us
Legal
In this website, the term “CSS Corp” shall mean and refer to Cybernet Software Systems, Inc., a California corporation, SlashSupport, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and, to the extent applicable, their parent or associate companies. While accessing our website www.csscorp.com, the following terms and conditions are deemed to have been accepted by the user. We request you to take the time to read this carefully before accessing content on the website.
CSS Corp is the sole owner of the information on this website. All information on this website is copyright © to CSS Corp. Any content, unless explicitly mentioned, is the exclusive property of CSS Corp. No material from this website can be copied, reproduced in any form without prior written consent from CSS Corp. CSS Corp monitors site traffic periodically. In the event of CSS Corp finding any abnormal events in site access, CSS Corp reserves the right to terminate any user’s access without notice. We only gather the information we need to serve you better and will not – without your consent – sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement except in cases wherein good faith we believe that the law requires us to do so, or it is necessary to protect CSS Corp’ rights and/or property, or if circumstances necessitate that we act to protect the personal safety of our staff or the public. CSS Corp may revise the terms of use from time to time, without notice. The content on this website is on an “as is ” and “as available” basis. CSS Corp has taken care to ensure that the information presented on this site is accurate and reliable. CSS Corp disclaims all warranties as to the accuracy, completeness, or adequacy of such information. The content of this website could include inaccuracies or typographical errors. Content is frequently updated with reference to improvements and corrections without notice. This site provides links to other websites, for convenience to the user. CSS Corp does not offer any endorsement to such sites. CSS Corp is not responsible for any content in the linked sites, apart from those of its group companies and affiliates. The names of actual companies and products/services mentioned herein are trademarks of their respective owners. CSS Corp acknowledges copyright, trademark, and other applicable laws while using information pertaining to customers, partners, and suppliers. Logos and images used herein might not be to scale. CSS Corp shall have no responsibility for any damage of any kind (consequential, direct, incidental, hardware, software, or any other) due to access, download, or usage of contents from the website. CSS Corp takes adequate care with regard to users’ privacy. A detailed privacy statement is available elsewhere on this website for your reference.
Submit Enquiry
SUBMIT YOUR ENQUIRY
CSS Corp uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. By continuing to use the site, you agree to our updated
cookie policyI Agree