http://www.astoninfosec.co.uk/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Aston Information Security / Privacy Policy
General Policy
Aston Information Security Ltd (AIS) respects your privacy. The information that you provide us with, or that is gathered automatically, helps us to monitor our services and provide to you services.
Our Commitment to Privacy – Is my visit to this website anonymous?
Yes! Your visit to our site is anonymous (no personal information about you is recorded or gathered) unless you fill in a form requesting information.
Each time you visit our website, our system automatically recognises your IP address but not your personal data.
If you have provided us with your e-mail, postal address or telephone number and do not want us to contact you in the future, please write to us by e-mail, post or call us on +44 (0)1273 252827.
We will then ensure that we do not process your contact information for purposes not connected with your initial enquiry.
Cookies and Traffic Logs
Browser ‘cookies’ maybe used on this site during your visit session, if so you will be notified. No information about yourself or your computer is recorded using these cookies – they are only used to ensure that the website provides you with the most relevant information and best service.
Mandatory information requests are kept to a minimum to enable us to reply and/or provide an efficient level of support.
Depending on the nature of your request, such information may be required for the following reasons:
Sales support: contact information for sales and marketing personnel within Aston Information Security.
Download support: replies and software or documentation download support.
Licensing Documentation: posting of requested software license documentation.
Registrations (and subscription to Aston Information Security mailing lists, bulletins or Aston Information Security organisational memberships): replies and optional evaluation information.
Booking forms: replies and information required for seminar/event reservations.
Contact: reply information
Business partnerships: replies and optional evaluation information
Links
Our website contains links to other sites. Aston Information Security Ltd is not responsible for the privacy practices within any of these other sites. We encourage you to be aware of this when you leave our site and to read the privacy statements on other websites you visit which may collect personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected on our website.
Your Rights – The General Data Protection Regulation
Our privacy statement covers Aston Information Security and its website.
Under the General Data Protection Regulation, we have a legal duty to protect any personal information we collect from you. We do not pass on your details to any third party or government department unless you give us permission to do so or the law requires/permits it.
Aston Information Security is committed to respecting your privacy. We have structured our website so that, in general, you can visit it without identifying yourself or revealing any personal information. Once you choose to provide us with any information by which you can be identified, then you can be assured that it will only be used for the purpose for which it was originally collected or compatible purposes.
Please be advised that any information, unless stated otherwise, will be sent to us via the open internet and is therefore not secure during transmission to us. This is because your information may pass from your contact pc to an internet service provider and then via other providers to Aston Information Security, much in the same way as most e-mail correspondence.
The Information Commissioner
The Information Commissioner enforces and oversees the General Data Protection Regulation.
We have to notify the Information Commissioner of the types of personal data we process and for what purpose we use it for and with whom we share it. You can see what is recorded on our Data Protection Notification entry if you search for Aston Information Security on the Information Commissioner’s Web Site www.ico.org.uk
The General Data Protection Regulation provides you with rights in relation to the personal data we may hold about you, namely:
Be provided with a copy of your personal data that we process and information concerning the processing.
Prevent processing likely to cause damage or distress.
Prevent processing for the purposes of direct marketing.
Rights in relation to automated decision taking.
Take action for compensation from the Aston Information Security if damage results from any breach of the Act by us.
Take action to rectify, block, erase or destroy inaccurate data.
With regard to your rights to be provided with a copy of your personal data, you are entitled to this within one month of making the request.
Requests must contain the information required to satisfy us as to the identity of the person making the request (we may require proof of your identity).
Requests must contain the information required to enable us to locate the information that is being sought. We will assist you where possible.
Further information about the General Data Protection Regulation can be obtained from:
Information Commissioner,
Wycliffe House,
Water Lane,
Wilmslow,
Cheshire,
SK9 5AF
Tel: +44 (0)1625 545 745
Fax: +44 (0)1625 524 510
www.ico.org.uk
Notification of Changes to Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post details of any changes on our Home page. This will help ensure that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we share it with other parties.
If you have any concerns, questions or comments please e-mail us:
info@astoninfosec.co.uk
Postal Address:
Unit 3-4
Braid Land
Park Lane
Maplehurst
West Sussex
RH13 6LL
Send Us A Message
Call Us
+44 (0)1273 25 28 27
Email Us
info@astoninfosec.co.uk
Aston Information Security are Information Security consultants that specialise in assurance, audits, supply chain cyber security, data protection and risk management consultancy.
Aston Information Security:
Unit 3-4 Braid Land
Park Lane
Maplehurst
West Sussex, RH13 6LL
Please note: Visits are by appointment only.
+44 (0)1273 25 28 27
info@astoninfosec.co.uk