http://www.novasoft-inc.com/online-privacy.asp
Home
| Services
| Products
| Contact |
HelpDesk
| Links
Our Products
Hover Ad Generator
The
Floating ad that popup blockers cant stop
Discover How To Instantly Increase Your Sales, Conversions and Email Lists by Adding New
Hover Ad Technology to Your Websites
.........................................
SurfShark
Complete
Internet Privacy.
Cleans
all traces of Internet and PC activity
Boost
system performance and eliminate Internet clutter
Completely
shreds files and folders
Automatic
cleaning function
.........................................
Messenger
Blocker
Your
One Click Messenger SPAM Blocker
Harassed by Messenger Service Ads that keep popping up
on your screen?
Privacy Policy
Novasoft Inc, and its affiliates are
committed to protecting the privacy of all our visitors. Your right
to privacy is very important to us. When you choose to provide us
with information about yourself, we recognize that you trust us to
act in a responsible manner.
It is our belief that this information should only be used to help
us provide you with better products and services.
Cookies
We may track your visit to our site by setting a "cookie" when
you enter. Cookies are pieces of information that websites transfer
to your computer's hard drive for record-keeping purposes. The use
of cookies is now an industry standard, and you'll find them used on
most major websites. Most browsers are initially set up to accept
cookies. If you prefer, you can reset your browser either to notify
you when you've received a cookie or to refuse to accept cookies.
Usage of Information
Any information you provide to us is maintained and accessible only
by our Websites. Novasoft Inc uses this information to send you
information such as product updates and special offers. We do not
disclose any information about any individual user to entities
outside of those partners except to comply with applicable law or
valid legal process.
Sharing of Information
Novasoft Inc does not sell, rent, lease or share any user
information that it has collected over this website.
Opt-Out from mail list
At any time you may request to be removed from our mailing list by
clicking the unsubscribe link thats provided at the end of each
mail.
Advertisers
This site  uses the services of Advertising companies for
the serving and/or targeting of ads, promotions and other marketing
messages. To do this, this company collects anonymous data through
the use of cookies.
All updates to our privacy statement
will appear in this location. It is important to us that your
experience using our network of sites is positive.
Affiliate Login
User
Password
Affiliates
Signup Here
Testimonials
"NovaSoft provided us with a First Class software solution.
They are extremely professional and have fantastic business attitude and only delivers quality and well thought out code. I have no hesitation in
referring NovaSoft to any potential software buyers. I look forward to working together again into the future"
- Mark Norman
IncNet, Australia
www.incnet.com.au
...................................
"10 + ! NovaSoft are
outstanding. The coders are very talented and very easy
to work with. They completed everything ahead of
schedule and were available for regular updates via
chat. I cannot praise their performance or the resulting
code enough."
-Mike Small
Dotcompirates Inc, USA
www.dotcompirates.com
...................................
Very
efficient and timely. Finished product well ahead of my
schedule. This was a wonderful experience. Plan on using
them again.
-Matthew Webb
EZMapit Inc,Tampa,USA
www.ezmapit.com
Privacy Policy |
Disclaimer |
Site map
Aarav|   Context Ads Pro
|
Blog
Commenting Software |  Novasoft Blog
|  Increase Youtube Views
Commission
Cash Generator
Copyright ? Novasoft Inc
2002-2020