http://www.bluesquirrel.com/eaccount/privacy.html
Blue Squirrel
Blue Squirrel
About Us
Newsletter
Partnerships
Guarantee
Products
ClickBook (Win)
ClickBook (Mac)
Staplers
Trimmers
Download
Buy Now
ClickBook (Win)
ClickBook (Mac)
Stapler (Long)
Trimmers
Dual Trimmer
Trim Ruler
Account
My Account
Log In
Log Out
New Account
Cart
View Cart
Empty Cart
Support
Online Support
Contact Us
Order Tracking
Live Support
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
General:
We care about providing you with tools and information to manage and protect your online privacy. We have developed this privacy policy to inform you about what information this web site collects, who may receive that information, what we may do with the information, and how long we keep it. While we have made every attempt to make this policy as clear as possible, if you have any further questions about it, feel free to contact us.
Your Information:
We will not give out any information you submit at our site to any third parties except in compliance with a request of a law enforcement agency. Under no circumstances will your name, e-mail, phone number or address be sold to, or given to any other parties. We will never willfully sell, lease, or rent any of your or your business' personally identifiable information to any third party.
Collected Information:
Your personal information is collected through our contact forms and software registration. This website currently has no applications or programs that gather information from your computer without your consent. Users are required to give us contact information (e.g., your name and email address) in the software registration.Cookies are required for session persistence for our shopping cart and for online support.
The cookies do not contain any personally identifiable information.Certain information, such as your email address, is collected in order to verify your identity and for use in our records and for our monthly newsletter. Information collected at this website is kept in our records only to provide services to our customers.
Summation:
If you have any questions about this privacy statement or the practices of this site, please contact us.
Tell-a-Friend
Site Map                  1