https://www.sapianet.com/privacy.html
Privacy Policy
Sapia Networks
Privacy
Your privacy matters.
Here at Sapianet, we take personal privacy very seriously. As a general rule sapianet.com does not collect your personal information unless you chose to provide that information to us. When you choose to provide us with your personal information, you are giving www.sapianet.com your permission to use that information for the stated purposes listed in this privacy policy. If you choose not to provide us with that information, it might limit the features and services that you can use on this website.
Third-Party Websites
Sapianet.com uses commenting and social media plug-ins and third-party websites. We use those third-party services to interact with visitors and to build our community on social media. We also uses these third-party services to measure the number of visitors to our website, to interact with visitors on the site, and to make our website more useful to visitors.
In such cases, the third-party application may request an email address, username, password, internet protocol (IP) address, and geographic location for account registration or sign-in purposes. Sapianet.com does not use those third-party websites or services to collect personal information from individuals. Any personal information collected by the third-party website will not be stored or transmitted by Sapianet.com. Sapianet.com has no control over or access to specific login information or any other sensitive personal information provide to third-party websites.
Do Not Track
Sapia Networks Inc. is a California-based business for used network equipment. Sapia Networks, or Sapianet, is subject to the changes from CalOPPA, including the requirement to post the Do Not Track disclosure.
Sapia Networks does not track its customers over time and across third party websites to provide targeted advertising and therefore does not respond to Do Not Track (DNT) signals. Some 3rd party sites do keep track of your browsing activities when they serve you content, which enables them to tailor what they present to you.
Website Cookies
Sapianet.com uses cookies to provide a customized user experience on the site. A cookie is a small file that a website transfers to your computer to allow your browser to remember information about your last session on that website. Your computer only shares information in the cookie with the specific website that provided it, and no other website can request that information. Sapianet.com also uses third-party analytics services (like Google Analytics) to gather this information for anlysis.
Sapianet.com collects and temporarily stores certain information about your visit to help us to better align our content and the website design with your needs.
We may share this information internally with Sapianet.com employees or third-party contractors as needed. This information is only used to to improve the website and enhance our visitors’ experience. Raw data logs are only retained temporarily site management purposes.
Email Policy
Sapianet.com does not collect, rent, sell or otherwise distribute email addresses or any other personal information. We also do not solicit or collect any emails unless you make a request for reuse of our content or advertising enquiries or other general enquiry. All discussions by email or phone are completely confidential unless we obtain written consent from you.
Some of the services on sapianet.com allow you to send us an email. We will use the information you provide, such as email address or phone number, only to respond to your inquiry. Keep in mind that email transmissions are not encrypted by default, so we suggest you do not send sensitive information such as Social Security numbers, credit card numbers, or bank account information via such contact forms.
If such information is required, it will be via a web page that clearly states the page and its transmission of information is secure and encrypted. All electronic messages received from visitors are deleted when no longer needed.
Our Privacy Policy is subject to change.
This policy was last updated 2019-03-29