http://www.inkredible.co.uk/privacyinfo
Contact Us
Log In
Ink Cartridges
Advent Ink Cartridges
Brother Ink Cartridges
Canon Ink Cartridges
Epson Ink Cartridges
HP Ink Cartridges
Kodak Ink Cartridges
Lexmark Ink Cartridges
Laser Toners
Brother Toners
Canon Toners
Dell Toners
Epson Toners
HP Toners
Kyocera Toners
Lexmark Toners
Oki Toners
Ricoh Toners
Samsung Toners
Xerox Toners
Paper & Office
Card Kits
Labels
Photo Paper
Printer Paper
Stationery
T-Shirt Transfer Paper
USB & Memory Cards
Credit Accounts
Schools / Education
Business / Trade
Help
Contact Us
Delivery Information
Guarantee & Returns
Help Centre
Recycling
Blog
(0)
Shopping Basket
You have no items in your shopping Basket
Home
Data Protection & Privacy Statement
INKredible.co.uk protects your privacy by adhering to the European Union General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). We are committed to maintaining the trust and confidence of our visitors to our website. In particular, we want you to know that INKredible is not in the business of selling, renting or trading email lists with other companies and businesses for marketing purposes. We just don’t do that sort of thing.
This policy (together with our Website Acceptable Use Policy and any other documents referred to on it) sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us.
Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it.
The data controller in respect of INKredible.co.uk (our Website) is DGAP UK Limited (We or Us), 14 Elwin Lane, DARLINGTON. DL1 5RX.
Information we may collect from you
We collect personal information about you when you provide it to us, such as through your use of our website and its features, when you contact us directly by email, phone, in writing, when you order goods and services or via social media.
The type of information we collect about you may include information such as:
Any personal details you submit such as name, address, email address etc.
Your payment information (e.g. your credit or debit card details).
Details of transactions you carry out through our site and of the fulfilment of your orders.
Details of your visits to our site including, but not limited to, traffic data, location data, weblogs and other communication data and the resources that you access.
IP addresses and cookies
We may collect information about your computer, including where available your IP address, operating system and browser type, for system administration and to report aggregate information to our advertisers. This is statistical data about our users' browsing actions and patterns, and does not identify any individual.
For the same reason, we may obtain information about your general internet usage by using a cookie file which is stored on the hard drive of your computer. They help us to improve our site and to deliver a better and more personalised service. They enable us:
To estimate our audience size and usage pattern.
To store information about your preferences, and so allow us to customise our site according to your individual interests.
To speed up your searches.
To recognise you when you return to our site.
You can view and manage the cookies we install here and also from within the 'My Account' section of the website.
You may also refuse to accept cookies by activating the setting on your browser which allows you to refuse the setting of cookies. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our site or place orders.
Your personal data
We only store the minimum personal data required for us to fulfil your order via our site.
We also only store your data for as long as is strictly necessary and have processes and policies in place to remove data that is no longer required.
Except as set out in this policy or otherwise agreed, we do not publish, share, trade, sell or otherwise disseminate any of the information or data registered or provided to us to any other party.
All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers. Any payment transactions will be encrypted using SSL / TLS technology. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
Uses made of the information
We use information held about you in the following ways:
To ensure that content from our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.
To provide you with information, products or services that you request from us or which we feel may interest you (where you have explicitly agreed to this).
To carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us.
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so.
To notify you about changes to our service.
If you are an existing customer, we will only contact you by electronic means (e-mail) with information about goods and services similar to those which were the subject of a previous sale to you.
Again, only if you have specifically agreed for us to do so. This consent may be withdrawn at any time by visiting the My Account section of our website.
If you are not an existing customer, we will contact you by electronic means only if you have consented to this by providing us with your email address on our relevant signup forms
You can unsubscribe from any marketing information you receive at any time by clicking the relevant unsubscribe links contained within our emails.
Disclosure of your information
We may disclose your personal information to third parties:
In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets.
If DGAP UK Limited or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it about its customers will be one of the transferred assets.
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our terms of use or terms and conditions of supply and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of DGAP UK Limited, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
We also disclose your personal information to trusted third party partners including, but not limited to; PayPal, Royal Mail, Parcelforce and other third party delivery agents who we engage to assist us in fulfilling your order and providing the expected level of service.
Your rights
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. We will usually inform you (before collecting your data) if we intend to use your data for such purposes or if we intend to disclose your information to any third party for such purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by not checking certain boxes on the forms we use to collect your data. You can also exercise the right at any time by contacting us.
Our site may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
For some of the data we collect you have the 'Right to be forgotten'. This means should you request it, we will delete and remove all of your data that we are not required to hold onto for other reasons. For example:
We have a Legal Obligation to retain details of our transactions for inspection by HMRC for a period of 6 financial years following the year of transaction.
We have a Contractual Necessity to retain details of your order and contact information for the duration of the warranty we provide on our products.
Access to information
You are entitled to view, amend, or delete the personal information that we hold. Much of this information can be viewed, amended or deleted by visiting the My Account
section of our website. For access to further information we hold please write to the above address or use the Contact Us page of our website.
Changes to our privacy policy
Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail.
This policy was last updated on 25/05/2018
Contact
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed. Please Contact Us.
Our Products
Gift Cards
Ink Cartridges
Laser Toners
Paper & Office
More Information
About Us
Delivery & Returns
Frequently Asked Questions
Blog
Careers
Privacy Notice
Conditions of Use
Terms & Conditions
Copyright © 2020 INKredible. All rights reserved.
We use cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners who may combine it with other information that you’ve provided to them or that they’ve collected from your use of their services
Necessary (7)
See "Necessary" cookies
Name: __RequestVerificationToken
Helps prevent Cross-Site Request Forgery (CSRF) attacks.
Provider: INKredible
Expiry: Session
Name: ASP.NET_SessionId
Identify a user's session within INKredible
Provider: INKredible
Expiry: Session
Name: JSESSIONID
Session identifier for NewRelic software
Provider: INKredible
Expiry: 2 years
Name: Nop.CookieConsent
Stores user's cookie consent selection
Provider: INKredible
Expiry: 1 year
Name: Nop.customer
Identify a customer within INKredible
Provider: INKredible
Expiry: 1 year
Name: NOPCOMMERCE.AUTH
Stores a form authentication ticket
Provider: INKredible
Expiry: 1 month
Name: NopCommerce.RecentlyViewedProducts
Store user's recently viewed products
Provider: INKredible
Expiry: 10 days
Analytics (8)
See "Analytics" cookies
Name: _ga
Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website.
Provider: Google Analytics
Expiry: 2 years
Name: _gat
Used to throttle request rate
Provider: Google Analytics
Expiry: 1 minute
Name: _gid
Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website.
Provider: Google Analytics
Expiry: 1 day
Name: GoogleAnalyticsClientID
Track internal user's page view event in Google Analytics
Provider: INKredible
Expiry: 1 year
Name: MUID
This cookie is widely used my Microsoft as a unique user identifier. It can be set by embedded microsoft scripts. Widely believed to sync across many different Microsoft domains, allowing user tracking.
Provider: Bing
Expiry: 1 year
Name: SL_C_23361dd035530_KEY
This is the project key, specific to each project in 4EV account within Smartlook
Provider: Smartlook
Expiry: 1 year
Name: SL_C_23361dd035530_SID
This is the session ID, that is assigned to each new session that is being recorded by Smartlook
Provider: Smartlook
Expiry: 1 year
Name: SL_C_23361dd035530_VID
This is the visitor ID, assigned to each new visitor
Provider: Smartlook
Expiry: 1 year
Support (2)
See "Support" cookies
Name: intercom-id-*
Visitor identifier cookie for Intercom
Provider: Intercom
Expiry: 9 months
Name: intercom-session-*
Identifier for each unique browser session. The session cookie is refreshed on each unique logged-in ping, extending it for 1 week from that moment. The user can access thier conversations and have data communicated on logged out pages for 1 week.
Provider: Intercom
Expiry: 1 week