http://www.epic.org/privacy/internet/cookies/ietf_letter.html
PRESS RELEASE
April 7, 1997
NET USERS URGE STANDARDS GROUP TO PROTECT PRIVACY
Organizations Respond to Attack on Privacy Standard by
Some Online Marketing Groups Debate Focuses on Use of "Cookies" WASHINGTON - Many of the nation's leading consumer, civil
liberties, and children's advocacy organizations have urged an
Internet standards organization to fix a problem with web browser
software that allows companies and government agencies operating web
sites to track the activities of Internet users.
The groups say that there is a problem with the so-called
"cookies" technology. Cookies make it possible to read information on
users' computers and find out where they go on the Internet. Some
companies in the on-line advertising industry use cookies data to
collect personal information for advertising and marketing.
The Internet Engineering Task Force, a loose coalition of
technical experts responsible for the development of standards for
the Internet is meeting this week in Memphis to consider a wide range
of technical issues concerning the Internet, including a proposal to
limit the ability of companies to use cookies.
The proposed safeguard has come under attack by several companies
engaged in interactive advertising and marketing. According to a
March 31, 1997 article in Ad Age, these groups are now drafting a
"counter-proposal" to head-off the IETF recommendation.
Marc Rotenberg, director of the Electronic Privacy Information
Center, said "We want the IETF to know that there are a lot of people
who object to the current use of cookies and would like to see the
problem fixed."
James Love, director of the Ralph Nader's Consumer Project on
Technology said "There should never be a case where private firms and
government agencies are writing and reading information on a
consumer's hard disk, without explicit authorization. These
transactions must be more transparent, and the users must have the
practical ability to say no."
Jeff Chester, director of the Center for Media Education, said "We
have to keep on-line marketers out of the 'cookie jar.' Such
`Orwellian' practices to stealthily track every move made on-line,
and share that information with other companies, should be
prohibited.
More information about cookies is available at the
EPIC Cookies
Page.
Organizations endorsing the letter include the
Center for Media Education,
Computer Professionals for Social
Responsibility, Consumer
Federation of American Consumer Project on Technology,
Electronic Frontier Foundation,
Electronic Privacy Information
Center, National Association of Elementary School Principals,
NetAction and
Privacy International.
To: Internet Engineering Task Force
Date: April 7, 1997
Re: RFC 2109
We write to express support for RFC 2109, the proposal for an HTTP
State Management Mechanism, to address privacy concerns associated
with "cookies." The proposal will allow users to exercise greater
control over the creation and collection of personal information
resulting from transactions between web clients and web servers.
The proposal was published by the IETF on February 18 and is
already in use on the Web. Netscape has indicated that Navigator 4.0
will incorporate part of the specification.
We believe that "transparency" -- the ability of users to see and
exercise control over the disclosure of personally identifiable
information -- is a critical guideline for the development of
sensible privacy practices on the Internet. The alternative would be
the surreptitious collection of data without the ability to exercise
any control.
We support adoption of RFC 2109. We believe it is important step
forward in the protection of privacy on the Internet
Sincerely,
Center for Media
Education Computer Professionals for Social
Responsibility Consumer Federation of American
Consumer Project on Technology Electronic Frontier Foundation Electronic Privacy Information
Center
National Association of Elementary School Principals NetAction Privacy International
United States Privacy Council
and more than 100 Internet users
cc:
Mr. Bill Gates, President, Microsoft
Mr. Jim Barksdale, President, Netscape
Mr. Nathan Mhyrvold, Chief Technical Officer, Microsoft
Mr. Marc Andreesen, Chief Technical Officer, Netscape
Mr. Ira Magaziner, the White House
Commissioner Christine Varney, Federal Trade Commission
EPIC Cookies Page
| EPIC Internet Privacy Page
| EPIC Privacy Page | EPIC
Home Page