http://www.zytrax.com/privacy.html
ZyTrax Privacy Policy
mail us
|
mail this page
contact us
training
|
tech stuff
|
tech stuff
tech stuff
web stuff
web stuff
browser ids
mobile ids
HTML5 Convert
browser sniffing
apache env's
apache ssi
pop-outs (css)
html entities
open guides
open guides
dns guide
ldap guide
Dec>Hex>Bin
survival stuff
survival stuff
ssl/tls & x.509
ASN.1
kerberos
postfix
cron
cryptography
wxWidgets
audio stuff
audio stuff
sound primer
digital sound
frequencies
equalization
calculators
glossary
regex stuff
cable stuff
cable stuff
lan wiring
lan & telephone
rs232 stuff
serial primer
usb 3.2 & firewire
displays
modular jacks
protocol stuff
protocol stuff
tcp-udp-icmp
ipv4
ipv4 Calculator
ipv6
ipv6 Calculator
isdn-bri
802 lan
ss7 & sigtran
pc stuff
wireless stuff
css stuff
css stuff
css liquid design
css menus
css notes
css short-forms
css overview
ascii codes
data rate stuff
telephony stuff
mech. stuff
Dec>Hex>Bin
language stuff
electronic stuff
rfc stuff
Security
ZyTrax Privacy Policy
This describes our policy with regard to information we collect by any of the following methods:
MAIL FORMS - When you fill in a form requesting information on our web site(s).
MAIL FORMS - When you fill in a form to send an inquiry or bug report using our web site(s).
USER REGISTRATION - When we require you to register in order use or gain access to any of the advanced features on our web site(s).
SUBSCRIPTION SERVICES - When you subscribe to one or more of our newsletters or other subscription based services.
WEB SITE VISITS - When we collect information via the use of 'cookies' or other methods when you visit our site(s).
WEB SITE ADVERTISING - Third party advertising on our site(s).
FINANCIAL TRANSACTIONS - When you invoke
or request a service that requires payment of some kind.
General Policy Statement
SCOPE
This policy applies to ZyTrax, Inc., its subsidiaries, joint-ventures with other companies, affiliates and other business partners. ZyTrax, Inc. will not supply information to any third party including any of the above mentioned entities where it cannot ensure or have the binding commitment of, the same safeguards as defined in this policy.
GENERAL PRINCIPLE REGARDING USE OF INFORMATION
ZyTrax, Inc. will use information collected by any of the methods defined above with regard to the following guidelines:
Information will be used for the purpose for which it was collected and for such other purposes as the user may reasonably expect it to be used in the spirit and context in which it was collected e.g. we may use information from a bug report to inform you that the bug report was cleared and about new releases or replacement of the application or product about which the bug report was submitted.
Where we may wish to use the information collected for other purposes we will:
Explicitly identify the proposed purpose at the point at which information is captured.
Explicitly enable the user to 'opt-in' or 'opt-out' of the extended use.
The default option on any form requesting additional usage shall be 'opt-out'.
Any information sent to you will always contain a simple method (by a clickable email or web hyperlink) to enable the user to stop on a Permanent basis further information from being sent from us.
We will not sell or supply to a third party under any conditions information captured by us and for which you did not provide explicit authority.
We will not sell or supply to a third party under any conditions information captured by us and authorized by you for release to a third party which is not in keeping with the spirit of the authorization that we requested of you. Further we will satisfy ourselves that such third parties provide a simple method by which you may be able to remove yourself Permanently from any future mailings.
GENERAL PRINCIPLE OF SECURITY OF INFORMATION
ZyTrax, Inc. will use the same techniques, methods and policies to safeguard user information as it does in protecting and securing its own information and data.
GENERAL PRINCIPLE ON ADDING INFORMATION TO OUR DATABASES
ZyTrax, Inc. will always request a confirming e-mail prior to adding a new record to its databases. No such confirmation will be sent when a user modifies, deletes or otherwise changes a profile record using a valid password. This policy is designed to provide:
Protection against malicious use and divulgance of your e-mail address by a third party. You will be required to take a positive action to confirm (or 'opt-in'). Failure to take any action within 72 hours will result in permanent deletion of any information supplied to us from our databases.
It provides a cooling off period in which you may re-consider your decision.
ZyTrax, Inc. will, from time to time, send you a reminder that your record exists, instructions as to how to access or change your record and any current password.
SPECIFIC POLICIES
The following sections detail the policies that will be used in handling the information defined under "SCOPE" above.
MAIL FORMS
When you submit a mail form requesting information, requesting a service, making comments or reporting a potential bug we require your First Name and Last name and an e-mail address. We request additional information such as organization, address telephone numbers etc.
Any mail comment, request or bug report may result in the creation of a profile record on our databases. If such a record is created a web URL and initial password will be allocated and this information will be mailed along with confirmation of your origonal request. Using this web URL and password you will be able to carry out any of the following procedures:
Permanently delete your record (a subsequent transaction will create a new record).
Change your record details (including subscription services, registered services or any other 'opt-in' or 'opt-out' service).
Change your access password.
Add information to your record.
Subscribe or register for additional services that ZyTrax, Inc. may offer from time to time.
If you supply additional information (such as a mailing address) it will only be used to send you confirmation of the original request by any of the methods you have provided us with.
USER REGISTRATION
When you register on our web site(s) for a service supplied by ZyTrax, Inc. we require that you provide us with additional information (e.g. mail address, telephone number etc.).
Any registration request will result in the creation of a profile record on our databases unless one already exists. A web URL and initial password will be allocated and this information will be mailed along with confirmation of your original request. Using this web URL and password you will be able to carry out any of the following procedures:
Permanently delete your record (a subsequent transaction will create a new record).
Change your record details (including subscription services, registered services or any other 'opt-in' or 'opt-out' service).
Change your access password.
Add information to your record.
Subscribe or register for additional services that ZyTrax, Inc. may offer from time to time.
SUBSCRIPTION SERVICES
When you submit a form requesting a subscription service e.g. a news-letter we require an e-mail address.
Any request for a subscription service may result in the creation of a profile record on our databases. If such a record is created a web URL and initial password will be allocated and this information will be mailed along with confirmation of your origonal request. Using this web URL and password you will be able to carry out any of the following procedures:
Permanently delete your record (a subsequent transaction will create a new record).
Change your record details (including subscription services, registered services or any other 'opt-in' or 'opt-out' service).
Change your access password.
Add information to your record.
Subscribe or register for additional services that ZyTrax, Inc. may offer from time to time.
WEB SITE VISITS
When you visit our web site(s) certain information is collected (this is generally true of any web site you visit). This information is used as described below.
Your IP address, host name, browser type and other general information is collected purely for statistical purposes and will under no circumstances be added to your profile record or any other information we hold about you or your organization or corelated against you or your organization.
We may send you one or more 'cookies'. These 'cookies' will be valid for a maximum of one month and are designed to allow us to assist you when navigating our site, speeding up any login process or other customer services functions. The data may also be saved for subsequent statistical analysis. This information will under no circumstances be added to your profile record or any other information we hold about you or your organization or corelated against you or your organization even if we are aware of your user profile identification.
Your browser may be configured to reject all 'cookies' or you may decide to manually reject a 'cookie' sent from us. Under these circumstances your may continue to use and gain unrestricted access to our site. The sole difference between accepting a 'cookie' and rejecting one will be that where the 'cookie' enables us to offer an additional service or to speed up a process these features will not be available to a user who has elected to reject our 'cookies'. For more information about 'cookies' you may wish to visit www.cookiecentral.com.
WEB SITE ADVERTISING
When you visit our web site(s) you may see advertisments from third parties (Google only at this time) on some pages. This section describes any privacy implications that we are aware of as a consequence of our site advertisments.
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click
here.
There are a number of organizations concerned with web advertizing and its relationship to privacy. We do not endorse, neither are we members of, any of the following organizations they are presented simply as a non-exhaustive list of organizations we are aware of that work in the areas of consumer privacy.
Network Advertising Initiative (NAI)
Electronic Privacy Information Center (EPIC)
In the US: Federal Trade Commission (FTC)
In Canada: Office of the Privacy Comissioner of Canada
FINANCIAL TRANSACTIONS
When you invoke a transaction on our web site(s) that requires payment we will collect information. This information will be handled as described below:
Any such transaction will be used to create a profile record in our database unless one already exists. A web URL and initial password will be allocated and this information will be mailed along with confirmation of your original request. Using this web URL and password you will be able to carry out any of the following procedures:
Permanently delete your record (a subsequent transaction will create a new record).
Change your record details (including subscription services, registered services or any other 'opt-in' or 'opt-out' service).
Change your access password.
Add information to your record.
Subscribe or register for additional services that ZyTrax, Inc. may offer from time to time.
We will always request a final confirmation of an order prior to its acceptance. We will present you with the following information when we request confirmation:
Products or services purchased - to include the quantity, product or service description and price each for each separate line item in the order.
Applicable Taxes - totals of all taxes that have been added (includes identification of any items that are tax exempt).
Service Charges - to include shipping charges and any other applicable service charges. Each item will be separately identified with a short description.
Payment Details - includes all the information you supplied when you selected your payment method.
Total Amount - the total amount that will be charged against your defined payment method.
We will send you an immediate confirmation of any financial transaction which describes the nature of the transaction, the goods or services purchased, the total amounts involved (including any taxes, shipping and service changes).
We will retain detailed transaction information in our databases for as long as required by all applicable laws after which time it will be deleted. We will add information to your user profile that will include total amounts only solely for the purposes of offering discount or for other volume related plans.
We will retain information about your payment method (credit card number, debit card number or other numbers or details) only as required by applicable laws. On expiry of any time limit defined by an applicable law this information will be deleted. Should no laws be applicable payment details will be deleted immediately following acceptance of the transaction.
It is NOT our policy to retain information regarding your credit card, debit card or other payment method other than if required explicitly by an applicable law.
Zytrax Services
Training
Consulting
Tech Stuff Pages
Open Guides
Search
web
zytrax.com
Share
Icons made by Icomoon from www.flaticon.com is licensed by CC 3.0 BY
Page
Site
Copyright © 1994 - 2020 ZyTrax, Inc. All rights reserved.
Legal and Privacy
site by zytrax
web-master at zytrax
Page modified: October 22 2015.