https://www.vertigraph.com/terms-and-conditions/#harbour
800.989.4243(US and Canada)
214-340-9436 Make a call
About
Home
History
Links
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Safe Harbour
Contact Vertigraph, Inc.
End User License Agreement
News
Products
BidScreen XL
SiteWorx/OS
Other Products
Drawing Compare
BidPoint XL
Digitizer Tablet Hardware
Download Software
Support & Training
FAQs
Training Videos
Product Documents
Online Meeting
Contact Vertigraph, Inc.
Pricing & Purchasing
Price List
Online Store
News
Contact
Privacy Policy
Effective Date: August 18, 2017
Vertigraph, Inc. ("Vertigraph") is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. This policy sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us.
Information we collect
When you subscribe to or otherwise use solutions that we offer, you provide, and we collect, company information such as names, business names, email addresses, business phone numbers, and any other information that you provide us.
Vertigraph’s site may contain links to third-party websites outside of Vertigraph and its businesses. While we try to link only to websites that share our high standards and respect for privacy, we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices employed by other companies or their websites. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for those policies. Please check those privacy policies before you submit any personal data to such websites.
In general, you can visit the public portions of our site as a guest without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information about yourself. Our web servers collect the domain names and IP addresses, not the e-mail address, of visitors.
Our site may use cookies to distinguish you from other users. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our site and also allows us to improve our site. You usually may set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie.
USES MADE OF YOUR INFORMATION
We explicitly ask when we need information that personally identifies you. For example, Vertigraph asks you for your email address and other contact information for the purpose of providing services to you. We do not rent or sell any such personalized information to third parties. Additionally, on our contacts page, you can email your questions directly to us at support@vertigraph.com
We may use the information collected on our site for at least some of the following purposes: to process any order for our software subscription and/or services; to process or obtain payment; to notify you of the status of your order or renewal of subscriptions for services; to provide services through our site; to provide you, with your consent, with product updates and upgrades, special offers, pricing information, and other information you request; to improve our software and services.
CONTACT US
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be addressed to support@vertigraph.com
Safe Harbour
Vertigraph, Inc. (“Vertigraph”) understands that privacy is an important concern, and Vertigraph strives to collect, use and disclose Personal Information in a manner consistent with the laws of the countries in which Vertigraph and its affiliates and subsidiaries do business. This Vertigraph Safe Harbor Privacy Policy (the “Safe Harbor Privacy Policy”) sets forth the privacy principles that Vertigraph follows with respect to Personal Information transferred from the European Economic Area (“EEA”) to the United States.
Vertigraph adheres to the principles set forth in the U.S.-EU Safe Harbor Framework and the Safe Harbor Frequently Asked Questions (the “Safe Harbor Principles”) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. To learn more about the Safe Harbor program, please visit: //www.export.gov/safeharbor/. This Safe Harbor Privacy Policy supplements the Vertigraph privacy policy. If any conflict exists or arises between the policies in this Safe Harbor Privacy Policy and the Safe Harbor Principles, the Safe Harbor Principles shall govern.
Scope
This Safe Harbor Privacy Policy applies to all Personal Information, in any format, collected in and transferred from countries in the EEA to Vertigraph in the United States, including manually processed data and Employee Information.
Definitions
For purposes of this Safe Harbor Privacy Policy, the following definitions shall apply:
"Agent" means any third party that processes Personal Information pursuant to the instructions of, and solely for the benefit of, Vertigraph, or to which Vertigraph discloses Personal Information for processing on Vertigraph’s behalf. Examples of Agents that Vertigraph may use include customer support providers, payment processing providers (such as banks), IT providers, credit card processors, and providers that assist Vertigraph in managing and maintaining data relating to employees.
"Employee Information" means Personal Information of individuals employed in the EEA by Vertigraph or affiliates.
"Personal Information" means any information that identifies or could be used to identify an individual. Personal Information does not include anonymized information, aggregate information (to the extent an individual’s identity cannot reasonably be derived from such information), or publicly available information that has not been combined with non-public Personal Information.
Vertigraph means its successors, subsidiaries, divisions and groups in the United States.
Safe Harbor Principles
The following principles in this Safe Harbor Privacy Policy are based on the Safe Harbor Principles.
Choice
Vertigraph will allow individuals to choose (opt-out) whether their Personal Information will be (1) disclosed to a third party that is not an Agent, or (2) used for a purpose other than the purpose for which it was originally collected or subsequently authorized by the individual.
Onward Transfer (Transfers to Third Parties)
Vertigraph will obtain reasonable assurances from its Agents that they will safeguard Personal Information collected by Vertigraph consistently with this Safe Harbor Privacy Policy and the Safe Harbor Principles. Examples of reasonable assurances include: a contract obligating the Agent to provide a level of protection for the Personal Information that is at least equivalent to the Safe Harbor Principles; the Agent being Safe Harbor certified; or the Agent being subject to EU Directive 95/46/EC or other law providing an adequate level of privacy protection. Where Vertigraph has knowledge that an Agent is using or disclosing Personal Information in a manner contrary to this Safe Harbor Privacy Policy, Vertigraph will take reasonable steps to prevent or stop the use or disclosure.
This provision does not apply to public record information or publicly available information except in certain situations as defined by the Safe Harbor program.
Access
Upon an individual’s request, Vertigraph will offer such individual reasonable access to Personal Information that it holds about that individual and will take reasonable steps to permit such individual a reasonable opportunity to correct, amend, or delete information that is demonstrated to be inaccurate or incomplete.
If you would like to access Personal Information maintained by Vertigraph, you should contact Vertigraph using the information set forth in the “Contact Information” section below. For security purposes, you may need to provide Vertigraph with various pieces of Personal Information to process the request.
Security
Vertigraph will take reasonable measures to protect Personal Information in its possession from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction.
Data Integrity
Vertigraph will take reasonable steps to ensure that the Personal Information it processes is reliable for its intended use, accurate, complete, current, and relevant for the purposes for which it is to be used.
Enforcement
Vertigraph will conduct periodic assessments of its relevant privacy practices to confirm the accuracy of, and verify its adherence to, this Safe Harbor Privacy Policy. Vertigraph will investigate suspected infractions. Any employee or agent that Vertigraph determines to be in violation of this Safe Harbor Privacy Policy will be subject to disciplinary action, which may include termination of employment and service.
Dispute Resolution
Any questions or concerns regarding the use or disclosure of Personal Information other than Employee Information should be directed to Vertigraph at the address given in the “Contact Information” section below. Any questions or concerns regarding the use or disclosure of Employee Information should be directed to Vertigraph Administration at support@vertigraph.com . Vertigraph will investigate and attempt to resolve complaints and disputes regarding use and disclosure of Personal Information in accordance with the principles contained in this Safe Harbor Privacy Policy. For complaints that cannot be resolved between Vertigraph and the complainant, Vertigraph has agreed to cooperate and comply with the European Union data protection authorities.
Limitations
Vertigraph’s adherence to the Safe Harbor Principles may be limited (a) by any applicable legal, regulatory, ethical or public interest consideration, (b) to the extent necessary to meet national security, public interest, or law enforcement obligations, and (c) as expressly permitted or required by any applicable law, rule, or regulation. Vertigraph may also disclose Personal Information reasonably related to the sale or disposition of all or part of its business, subject to and in accordance with applicable laws. Should such a sale or disposition occur, Vertigraph will direct the recipient to use such Personal Information in accordance with this Safe Harbor Privacy Policy.
Modification of this Safe Harbor Privacy Policy
This Safe Harbor Privacy Policy may be amended from time to time with or without notice in accordance with the Safe Harbor Principles. Any modified privacy policy will be posted on Vertigraph’s website. You can determine when this Safe Harbor Privacy Policy was last revised by referring to the “Effective Date” at the top of this webpage.
Contact Information
Questions, concerns, or complaints concerning the collection and use of Personal Information by Vertigraph pursuant to this Safe Harbor Privacy Policy should be submitted by mail or electronic mail as follows:
Vertigraph, Inc. 12959 Jupiter Road, Ste 252 Dallas, TX 75238 214-340-9436 support@vertigraph.com
End User License Agreement
When software is downloaded and installed from this site, the user will be presented with the End User License Agreement for review and acceptance. Upon acceptance of the end user license agreement during installation, you’ll be able to evaluate and use the software in accordance with the terms of the agreement
If you have any questions whatsoever, please contact me as soon as possible.
Products
BidScreen XL
SiteWorx/OS
Other Products
Download Software
Price List
Online Store
Support & Training
FAQs
Training Videos
Product Documents
Online Meeting
Contact Vertigraph, Inc.
Terms and Conditions
Contact Info
Address:
12959 Jupiter Road, Suite 252Dallas, Texas 75238
Phone:
800.989.4243 (US and Canada)214.340.9436
Mail:
Contact@vertigraph.com
Follow us:
© 2007-2017 - 2020 Vertigraph, Inc. All Rights Reserved. | Sitemap
BidScreen XL, SiteWorx/OS, Drawing Compare, BidPoint XL and FullServe are trademarks of Vertigraph, Inc. All other names are the property of their respective owners.