http://www.milonic.com/privacy.php
Member Login
- Search:
Sitemap
Current Menu Version: 5.953 dated Monday March 14 2016 Click to Download
Featured at:
uukt.idv.tw
thefreshmarket.com
aprimo.com
carpatair.com
cityoforlando.net
psu.edu.sa
mrsc.org
steadicam.com
usccreditunion.org
tomas.travel
Powered by websites.milonic.com
Milonic Ltd Privacy Policy
Milonic Ltd are registered with the UK's Data Protection Registrar.
Our Registration number is PZ7648184
PURPOSE
Milonic Ltd is committed to protecting your privacy. The following discloses our information collection and use practices for our Website.
PERSONAL INFORMATION
When you place an order, download any code, or join a discussion list, we ask for your contact information, which is then used for our internal operations and to provide you with updated information on any of our products.
We may contact you about updates to our products
We will never sell, trade or rent your personal information to others
We will make every effort to secure the personal data we store
CERTAIN EXCEPTIONAL DISCLOSURES
We may disclose your information if necessary to protect our legal rights or if the information relates to actual or threatened harmful conduct. Disclosure may be required by law, or if we receive legal process.
USE OF COOKIES
We use "cookies" to help create a more effective and convenient site experience. By showing us how and when visitors use the site, "cookies" help us determine which areas are popular and which are not. Many improvements and updates to the site are based on data such as total number of visitors and pages viewed. Milonic Ltd does not store any sensitive information in a cookie other than name, email address & web site URL.
CHOICE TO OPT-OUT
Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us at the point where we request information about the user.
If you would like to opt-out please Contact Us
OTHER SITES
This site contains links to other sites. Milonic Ltd is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
YOUR CONSENT TO THIS POLICY
By using our site, you agree to this Policy. This is our entire and exclusive Privacy Policy and it supersedes any earlier version. We may change it by posting a new version on our site at any time.
REVIEWING PERSONAL DATA
You can review and validate the information, that we have collected about you by Contact Us
CONTACTING THE WEB SITE
If you have any questions or comments about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web Site please Contact Us
Milonic provide full featured pull down web menus for some of the worlds largest companies
Learn about how Milonic's DHTML menus can benefit your site
What does it cost? DHTML Menu prices
Who is using us? Sample Client list
Bespoke menu design and build service from the Milonic team
Our bolt-on modules provide free optional extras for specialist projects
Free icons and images for all licensed users with our Menu Imagepack
What is Milonic up to at the moment? Check our blog
©1998-2020 Milonic Ltd. UK Registered Company #4406835
Contact Us |
Tech Support |
Privacy Policy |
License Agreement |
DHTML Menu By Milonic JavaScript