http://www.mailmoat.com/information/privacy.html
MailMoat.com Privacy Statement
What Information We Collect, and What We Do with It.
Many areas of our web site are public, and do not require a user to provide any personal information to access them. However, we do collect personal information from users at several points in the web site and through email, as well as through our financial and related operations. When you visit our web site, the information we receive depends on what you do during your visit.
When you only browse, read or download information in the public areas of our web site:
We collect and store server log data. This is general information, like domain names, IP addresses, browser types, internet service providers (ISP's), referring/exit pages, platform types, date/time stamps, and so on. None of this data is linked to your personally identifiable information. We use this information to analyze trends, administer the site, track user movement and gather broad demographic information so that we can make our site more safe and useful, and we occasionally share the data with various third parties. We keep the data for maintenance, diagnostic and security purposes only, and we generally delete it after one year.
We do not use any clear images, web beacons or web bugs on our web site or in our email to collect data.
We do not collect, create, use or keep User Profile information. A User Profile is information about an individual user that details viewing preferences and usage patterns. User Profiles are used to tailor a site to an individual user, usually for marketing purposes.
When you choose to access the private areas of our site:
To access the subscriber-only areas, you must first register as a subscriber to our service. During registration, you are required to give an email address and payment information (name, credit card number, expiration date, and billing address).
We provide this registration information to third party intermediaries with which we have a business relationship, such as Internet Service Providers and Credit Card Processing Companies. The information is used to process payment and to provide the service(s) to which you have subscribed. Although the business relationships that we have with these third parties do not allow us to control their privacy and security policies, we only choose to do business with companies whose privacy policies do not conflict with our own.
When a user logs into the subscriber-only areas of the site, data is stored in a temporary cookie on the user's computer. This is done so that users will not be required to re-enter login information as they move around the site. Unlike persistent cookies, which are stored permanently on a user's hard drive, the session ID cookies used by the site terminate when the browser is closed or when the user clicks on the “Logout” option in our web site.
We do not provide any personally identifiable information to any third party advertisers.
When you choose to participate in a survey:
From time-to-time, our site requests information from users via surveys. The requested information typically includes contact information (such as name and email address), demographic information (such as zip code) and anonymous survey information. Anonymous survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site. Users’ personally identifiable information is not shared with third parties unless we give prior notice and choice.
What You Should Know About the Security of the Information You Provide to Us.
We will make our best business effort to protect our users' private information, both online and off-line.
We use 128-bit secure socket layer (SSL) encryption to protect the transmission of information you submit to us using our secure online forms. This is the best encryption software currently available for public use. If you are using one of the more popular web browsers, the lock icon at the bottom of your screen will be 'locked' (closed) to indicate that you are on a secure page, as opposed to 'unlocked' (open) when you are not. [To learn more about SSL, follow this link.] All the information you provide us through these forms is stored securely offline.
When you register:
Your registration information is protected by SSL as it is being transferred to us.
When you login:
Your login information is protected by SSL as it is being transferred to us.
When you send us an email:
Email communication is not secure against interception by unauthorized third parties. If you intend to send us private information, and you prefer not to use one of our secure online forms, contact us by telephone rather than email.
When we transfer information to a third party:
MailMoat.com uses SSL encryption on all personally identifiable information sent through the Internet.
Other circumstances:
When a user provides us with signed, written instructions to share personal information with a third party, we attempt to follow those instructions as closely as possible. The user is responsible for any use or disclosure by the third party, and must negotiate any restrictions on that third party directly.
We will disclose a user's personal information when we believe in good-faith that it is necessary to comply with a law, warrant, court order, judicial proceeding, or legal process. We will not go beyond the requirements of the law, court order, warrant, etc. in this case. We do not have any power to restrict information disclosure by the legal authorities.
When we have sound reason to suspect that a user is acting in a malicious, illegal, or iniquitous manner, we will share information with the relevant legal authorities, service providers, and/or victims. Examples of this:
• Using our services to forward or transmit any illegal communication, such as hate mail or bomb threats.
• Attempting to electronically break into one of our computer systems.
• Using a credit card number that is reported as stolen to pay for our services.
• Using our services to conceal your identity for nefarious purposes.
When you follow a link from our site.
This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by our web site. You are subject to the privacy policy of each new web site that you visit. We do not control the privacy policies of other sites, even if they are linked from our site, so we encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each site that collects personally identifiable information.
If users have any questions about the security at our web site, users can send an email to privacy@MailMoat.com.
How You Can Contact Us.
We will reply to all questions, service requests, comments, and similar communications that we receive, unless the original communication includes a "no reply" request. All information you provide in any correspondence will only be used in a manner consistent with this privacy policy.
If you experience technical problems with the operation of this web site:
If you are a member, visit our support section in our members area.  If you are not a member, email your question to info@MailMoat.com.
If users have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy:
Contact our Privacy Officer at privacy@MailMoat.com.
When We Will Contact You.
We do not send any unsolicited commercial or promotional messages to our visitors or subscribers. However, under certain circumstances we will attempt to contact subscribers directly. Subscribers may not opt-out of these communications, though they may choose to cancel their account if these communications are unacceptable.
When you first subscribe:
All new subscribers are sent a welcoming email to confirm their subscription and to verify that the email connection is working properly.
When your account needs attention:
We will attempt to contact you if any situation arises in connection with your account that requires a response from you. For example, we may have trouble processing your order or your subscription may be about to expire.
Service issues:
On rare occasion, it is necessary to send out an announcement that is strictly service related. For instance, if we plan to temporarily suspend services for routine maintenance, we may send you an email notification.
Other circumstances:
If we plan to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection, we will notify those affected via email. Users have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner. If users have opted out of all communication with us, or if they have deleted their account, then they will not be contacted, and their personal information will not be used in this different manner.
Updating Your Personal Information
We provide ways for you to correct, update or delete your personally identifiable information.
If your personal information is incorrect:
To make changes, corrections or updates to your record,
If you no longer desires our services:
You can cancel your membership by logging into your account and either selecting the cancel my membership link, or by contacting customer service in our support section.  You can also cancel your account by sending a letter to:
Michigan Integrated Solutions, PO Box 130373, Ann Arbor, Mi 48113-0737, via phone at (734) 997-7000 or via Fax (734) 997-7010.  Please include your account user id and reason for canceling.
Information about Changes to This Policy.
If we choose to restrict ourselves further:
We may, at any time and at our sole discretion, place additional restrictions on how we use your personally identifiable information beyond those described here without prior notification or consent. For example, we may choose not to collect, keep or use some or all of the information you provide.
If we decide to change our privacy policy:
We will post changes on this privacy statement, in our members section, and in other places we deem appropriate, so that our users may always have our most recent privacy policy available for reference. We will only use your information in accordance with the version of the privacy policy in effect when your information was collected.
If we go through a business transition:
In the event that we go through a business transition where assets are transferred, such as a merger or acquisition, control of users’ personal information will, in most instances, be part of the assets transferred. Users will be notified via email and prominent notice on our web site for a period of 30 days prior to such a transfer of control. If there is any change in the way we use personally identifiable information as a result of the business transition, users will be given a choice consistent with this section of the policy.
Other changes:
In addition, if we make any material changes in our privacy practices that do not affect user information already stored in our database, we will post a prominent notice on our web site notifying users of the change. In some cases where we post a notice, we will also email users who have opted to receive communications from us, notifying them of the changes in our privacy practices.
Privacy Statement
Terms & Conditions
Copyright © 1999-2020Patent Pending
Michigan Integrated Solutions, Inc.