http://www.xingtone.com/privacy_policy.php
Privacy Policy
This site is owned by Enterfirst LTD, protecting your privacy is important to us. We hope the following statement will help you understand how Enterfirst collects, uses and safeguards the personal information you provide to us on our site.
We can be reached using our contact information here : Contact Us
For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes only the users IP address, browser type, browser language, operating sytem and the domain name of the web site from which you have arrived at our site, the date and time of your visit and also the search queries entered by you.
Please note that any search query information collected by us is maintained by Enterfirst LTD on an aggregated basis for the purposes of generating statistics regarding the use of our Service and is never used in a manner that matches specific search query information with the identity of any particular end-user.
This helps us continue to build a better service for you. We track search terms entered in Search function as one of many measures of what interests our users. But we don't track which terms a particular user enters.
We may from time to time contact users who have submitted their email address to us.
We will always provide you with the ability to unsubscribe from any future communications from us by way of an unsubscribe link.
With respect to Ad Servers, to try and bring you offers that are of interest to you, we have relationships with other companies that we allow to place ads on our Web pages. As a result of your visit to our site, ad server companies may collect information such as your domain type, your IP address and clickstream information.
Certain of our Partners who provide or enable any functionality on the Service may also collect information from you. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of our Partners. In addition, any web sites that you click to from our site have been developed by third-parties over which we exercise no control. Such web sites may send their own cookies to end-users, collect data, or solicit personally identifiable information from you. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such web sites, including such web sites' use of any information collected when our end-users click through to such web sites. Even though such information might not identify you personally, we strongly encourage you to become familiar with the privacy practices of those web sites.
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our Web site to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our Web site periodically.
A Little Too Late Ringtone Toby Keith
High Maintenance Woman Ringtone Toby Keith
Money Bag Ringtone Gucci Mane
My Plug Ringtone Gucci Mane
Old Shop Ringtone Elvis Presley
Janet Jackson Ringtones
M.I.A. Ringtones
Papa Roach Ringtones
Eagles Ringtones
R. Kelly Ringtones
home | ringtones | wallpapers | screensavers | games | phones | contact us | privacy policy
©2010 Xing Tone - All rights reserved