http://www.acm.org/public-policy
skip to main content
Digital Library
CACM
Queue
TechNews
Career Center
Advancing Computing as a Science & Profession
Join
Volunteer
myACM
Search Input
Search Submit
Join
Volunteer
myACM
Search
About ACM
About Home
About ACM
Governance
ACM Council
Boards and Committees
Past Presidents
ACM Constitution
Bylaws
Annual Reports
History
Code of Ethics
Code of Ethics Enforcement Procedures
Stop Harassment
Report Unacceptable Behavior
ACM in the News
Media Center
Contact Us
About ACM
ACM, the world's largest educational and scientific computing society, delivers resources that advance computing as a science and a profession. ACM provides the computing field's premier Digital Library and serves its members and the computing profession with leading-edge publications, conferences, and career resources.
[Learn More about ACM...]
ACM Regional Councils
ACM: Formed at the Dawn of Computing
ACM Celebrates #BlackHistoryMonth
Membership
Membership Home
About Membership
Membership Options
Membership Benefits
Ambassadors for ACM
People of ACM
ACM People in the News
Join
Renew
Subscribe
Manage your Account / myACM
Distinguished Speakers
Contact Us
ACM Membership
ACM offers the resources, access and tools to invent the future. No one has a larger global network of professional peers. No one has more exclusive content. No one presents more forward-looking events. Or confers more prestigious awards. Or provides a more comprehensive learning center.
[Learn More about ACM Membership...]
Customer Service FAQs
Become an Ambassador for ACM
Publications
Publications Home
About Publications
Digital Library
CACM
Journals
Magazines
Books
Conference Proceedings
ICPS
SIGs Newsletters
Blue Diamond Newsletter
Applications-Oriented Content
For Authors
Master Article Templates
Open Access
Artifacts and Reproducibility
New ACM Journals
Propose New Publications
Policies
Report a Potential Violation
Publications Board
Subscribe
Advertise
Contact Us
About ACM Publications
For more than 60 years, the best and brightest minds in computing have come to ACM to meet, share ideas, publish their work and change the world. ACM's publications are among the most respected and highly cited in the field because of their longstanding focus on quality and their ability to attract pioneering thought leaders from both academia and industry.
[Learn More about ACM Publications...]
Publish with ACM
Select Application-Oriented Papers
Software and Data Artifacts in the ACM Digital Library
SIGs
Special Interest Groups Home
About SIGs
SIG Listing
Emerging Interest Groups
SIG Awards
SIG Chapters
Publications
Conferences
Join a SIG
Volunteer Resources
SIG Leaders
Contact Us
Special Interest Groups
ACM's Special Interest Groups (SIGs) represent major areas of computing, addressing the interests of technical communities that drive innovation. SIGs offer a wealth of conferences, publications and activities focused on specific computing sub-disciplines. They enable members to share expertise, discovery and best practices.
[Learn More about ACM's SIGs...]
Join an ACM SIG
Virtual Conferences: A Guide to Best Practices
Conferences
Conferences Home
About Conferences
Conference Series
Upcoming Conferences
Get Conference Proceedings
Upcoming Submission Deadlines
ACM Author Rights & Permissions
Best Paper Awards
Volunteer Resources
Contact Us
ACM and its Special Interest Groups Host More Than 170 Events Worldwide
Our conferences, workshops and symposia unite innovators like you to push computing technology forward and to continue the legacy that unites us as like-minded thinkers and makers.
[Learn More about ACM Conferences...]
Find an ACM Conference
Virtual Conferences: A Guide to Best Practices
Chapters
Chapters Home
About Chapters
Professional Chapters
Student Chapters
Meetups
Newsletter
Calendar of Local Activities
Distinguished Speakers
Annual Reports
Find a Chapter
Start a Chapter
Chapter Policies
Chapter Administrative Interface
Contact Us
About ACM Chapters
ACM’s Professional and Student chapters worldwide serve as hubs of activity for ACM members and the computing community at large. They provide seminars, lectures, learning forums and networking opportunities with peers and experts across the computing spectrum.
[Learn More about ACM Chapters...]
Chapter-in-a-Box: Everything You Need to Run and Grow Your ACM Chapter
Chapter Administrative Interface
Start an ACM Chapter
Awards
Awards Home
About Awards
Award Recipients
ACM Fellows
ACM Advanced Member Grades
ACM Awards Committee
Nominate
Award Sponsors
Establish a New Award
Contact Us
About ACM Awards
ACM recognizes excellence through its eminent awards for technical and professional achievements and contributions in computer science and information technology. It also names as Fellows and Distinguished Members those members who, in addition to professional accomplishments, have made significant contributions to ACM's mission.
More on ACM Awards
Applications Now Open for Cutler-Bell Prize for High School Students
Team from Chinese/US Institutions Receives 2020 Gordon Bell Prize
First ACM Gordon Bell Special Prize for HPC-Based COVID-19 Research Awarded
Education
Education Home
About Education
Curricula Recommendations
Affiliated Organizations
ACM Learning Center
Resources for Educators
Resources for Graduating Students
Education Board and Advisory Committee
Reports and Studies
Contact Us
Education
ACM’s educational activities, conducted primarily through our Education Board and Advisory Committee, range from the K-12 space (CSTA) and two-year programs to undergraduate, graduate, and doctoral-level education, and professional development for computing practitioners at every stage of their career...
[Learn More about Education…]
Code Reviews – From Bottleneck to Superpower
It's Time Deep Learning Learned from Software Engineering
ACM ByteCast Ep8: Jennifer Widom
Learning Center
Learning Center Home
About the Learning Center
E-Learning
Member Offers
TechTalks
ByteCast
Resources
FAQs
Practitioner Board
Professional Development Committee
About ACM Learning Center
The ACM Learning Center offers ACM members access to lifelong learning tools and resources. Our E-Learning collections offer complimentary access to more than 55,000 online books and videos from top content publishers. The ACM TechTalk series brings leading computing luminaries and visionaries to your screen. Members enjoy exclusive offers and discounts on IT industry certifications and vendor-specific training.
ACM ByteCast Episode 6: Robin Murphy
ACM ByteCast Episode 7: Swetak Patel
ACM ByteCast Ep8: Jennifer Widom
Public Policy
Public Policy Home
About ACM's Public Policy Work
Tech Policy Council
Europe Tech Policy
US Tech Policy
Policy Products
Media Releases
Contact Us
Public Policy
ACM provides independent, nonpartisan, and technology-neutral research and resources to policy leaders, stakeholders, and the public about public policy issues, drawn from the deep technical expertise of the computing community.
[Learn More about ACM's Public Policy Work...]
ACM Europe TPC Comments on UK National Data Strategy
USTPC Urges Narrower Definition of Computer Fraud and Abuse Act
Diversity & Inclusion
Diversity & Inclusion Home
About Diversity & Inclusion
Stop Harassment
Report Unacceptable Behavior
Forming Diverse Teams
Words Matter
ACM Code of Ethics
ACM-W
ACM Future of Computing Academy
Contact Us
Diversity & Inclusion
Anyone, from any background, should feel encouraged to participate and contribute to ACM. ACM is committed to creating an environment that welcomes new ideas and perspectives, and where hostility or other antisocial behaviors are not tolerated.
[Learn More about ACM's Commitment to Diversity & Inclusion...]
Words Matter
How Diverse Is Your Team?
ACM Diversity and Inclusion Council Co-chairs
Public Policy Home
About ACM's Public Policy Work
Tech Policy Council
Europe Tech Policy
US Tech Policy
Policy Products
Media Releases
Contact Us
Public Policy
Global Policy and Public Affairs
ACM provides independent, nonpartisan, and technology-neutral research and resources to policy leaders, stakeholders, and the public about public policy issues, drawn from the deep technical expertise of the computing community.
Public Policy
Science-Based Expertise about the Challenges in Developing and Applying Technology
Technology is at the heart of some of the most pressing issues faced by society. Developed and deployed around the globe, new technologies – and our increasing reliance on computing and networks – raise concerns that stretch beyond national borders, going to the heart of how we live, work, and interact with one another.
Drawing on a membership that includes industry pioneers and leading researchers at the forefront of technology, ACM provides expertise and advice to policymakers, the media, and the public.
[Learn More about ACM's Public Policy Expertise...]
ACM Europe TPC Comments on AI White Paper
ACM’s Europe Technology Policy Committee submitted comments to the European Commission on "Artificial Intelligence—A European approach to excellence and trust," which addresses the future of AI in Europe. The comments, submitted in questionnaire form, asked the Commission to rate priorities based on their perceived importance, such as skills and training; public/private partnerships; and financing for startups.
ACM Europe TPC Comments on UK National Data Strategy
ACM’s Europe Technology Policy Committee has formally urged the UK government to assure that its National Data Strategy provide for datasets that are open, subject to multidisciplinary expert review, protected by robust risk assessment, and compiled in consultation with marginalized communities to assure their benefit to all sectors of society.
USTPC Urges Narrower Definition of Computer Fraud and Abuse Act
ACM's US Technology Policy Committee filed a friend of the court brief with the US Supreme Court in the landmark case of Van Buren v. United States—the first time it has reviewed the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act, a 1986 law that was originally intended to punish hacking. USTPC notes that the questions posed in this case have broad implications for data and computing scientists, as well as other professionals who use the internet and computing technology, particularly to access information posted online.
USTPC Issues Statement on Use of Facial Recognition Technologies
ACM's US Technology Policy Committee has called for “an immediate suspension of the current and future private and governmental use of facial recognition (FR) technologies in all circumstances known or reasonably foreseeable to be prejudicial to established human and legal rights” in its “Statement on Principles and Prerequisites for the Development, Evaluation and Use of Unbiased Facial Recognition Technologies.”
ACM Europe TPC Statement on Contact Tracing
ACM’s Europe Technology Policy Committee issued detailed principles and practices for the development and deployment of contact tracing technology intended to track and arrest the spread of COVID-19. The statement calls on governments that adopt such systems to choose "only those which... respect and protect the rights of all individuals; safeguard personal data and privacy to the highest degree technically possible; and are subject to scrutiny by the scientific community and civil society before, during and after deployment." Read the statement in Italian here and in French here.
ACM Europe TPC Comments on Green Deal
ACM’s Europe Technology Policy Committee submitted comments to the Directorate General for Climate Action of the European Commission in support of the comprehensive and ambitious sweep of the Commission’s Green Deal. ACM Europe TPC strongly concurs with the Commission’s premise that realizing true energy efficiencies in the information and communication technology (ICT) sector will be critical to Europe’s success in meeting the Green Deal’s appropriately aggressive climate targets.
USTPC Issues Statement on Privacy and Security for Virtual Meetings
ACM's US Technology Policy Committee (USTPC) has released a Statement on Security and Privacy Principles for Virtual Meetings in light of changes necessitated by the COVID-19 pandemic. The Statement urges urges virtual conferencing platform designers, hosts, and users to adopt eight key security and privacy principles that are intended to greatly heighten the privacy and security not only of conference participants, but also of any transmitted or stored data.
USTPC Joins Call on Election Officials to Avoid Internet Voting
ACM’s US Technology Policy Committee (USTPC) joined many of the nation’s leading experts in cybersecurity, computing, and science in calling on all governors and state election directors to refrain from using any form of internet voting or voting app system in the 2020 elections. The joint open letter includes a detailed analysis prepared by the AAAS Center for Scientific Evidence in Public Issues which clearly demonstrates that internet voting is not a secure solution for voting in the US.
USTPC Panel on Section 230 of Communications Decency Act
View a recording of a US Technology Policy Committee (USTPC) panel discussion on Section 230 of the Communications Decency Act. Panelists included:
Mark Rasch, founder of the US DOJ's Computer Crime Unit and Cyber-Forensics practice and frequent media commentator
Pam Samuelson, ACM Fellow, author of “Legally Speaking” columns for Communications of the ACM, and Richard M. Sherman Distinguished Professor of Law and Information at the University of California, Berkeley
Danny Weitzner, Chair of USTPC’s Digital Governance Subcommittee and Founding Director of the MIT Internet Policy Research Initiative
Andy Grosso, Chair of USTPC’s Law Subcommittee and former Assistant US Attorney, moderated. The panel, "Section 230: The Origins and Future of Online Content Control and Liability in the US," took place on November 18, 2020 via Zoom and was free and open to all.
Technology Policy Council Chair, Lorraine Kisselburgh
Lorraine Kisselburgh, Fellow at Purdue University's Center for Education and Research in Information Assurance and Security (CERIAS), was appointed Chair of ACM's Technology Policy Council effective July 1, 2019. “Government officials and legislators in nations everywhere are grappling with questions regarding the governance of technology, and the complexity of these technologies demands critical expertise. What ACM brings to the table is a deep bench of technical expertise to better inform policy, both nationally and globally.”
Europe Technology Policy Committee Chair, Chris Hankin
The ACM Europe Technology Policy Committee promotes dialogue and the exchange of ideas on technology and computing policy issues with the European Commission, governmental bodies in Europe, and the informatics and computing communities. Chaired by Chris Hankin of Imperial College London, the Committee engages in policy issues related to the importance of technology in boosting jobs, economic growth, competition, investment, research and development, education, inclusive social development, and innovation.
US Technology Policy Committee Chair, Jim Hendler
Chaired by James Hendler of Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute, the ACM US Technology Policy Committee serves as the focal point for ACM's interaction with US government organizations, the computing community, and the US public in all matters of US public policy related to information technology. The Committee addresses issues in innovation, privacy, security, digital governance, intellectual property, accessibility, and e-voting.
Simons Named Chair of US Election Assistance Commission Committee on Election Security
Former ACM President Barbara Simons, who was also a founder of ACM's US Technology Policy Committee, has been appointed Chair of a special committee on election security with the US Election Assistance Commission (EAC). "I am very excited about the opportunity created by the appointment of a new committee of the EAC Board of Advisors on election security," Simons said. "In the policy arena, there’s no more immediate and important topic, and Barbara will lead this effort so well," said Adam Eisgrau, ACM Director of Global Policy and Public Affairs.
US Digital Response Call for Tech Volunteers
US Digital Response is a volunteer-run, non-partisan effort to help federal, state, and local government with technology, data, design, operations, communications, project management, and more during the COVID-19 crisis. This initiative is calling for data scientists, front-end/back-end engineers, designers, engineering managers, product managers, user researchers, and others to lend their skills and expertise to the fight against COVID-19.