http://www.enterprise-ireland.com/en/Legal/GDPR/cookie-policy/
Legal
LegalGDPRCookie Policy
Cookie Policy25th September, 2020At Enterprise Ireland ("we", "us" or "our"), we want to ensure that your visit to our website is smooth, reliable and as useful to you as possible. Subject to your consent where required by applicable law, we use cookies and similar technologies (“cookies”) to help us improve the use and functionality of the website and to understand how visitors use the website and the tools and services offered on it.Please also see our Personal Data Protection Notice for further details about the ways in which we collect and use your personal data.1. What are Cookies?Cookies are small data files that are stored in your web browser on your computer, tablet or smartphone when you visit a website. Cookies serve a number of purposes like letting you navigate between pages efficiently, remembering your preferences, interests or log in details, and generally improving your experience.2. Do we use Cookies?Yes, we use cookies to make the website work and enhance the visitor experience. On the website only cookies necessary for the website to function are turned on. All other cookies are turned off by default and require your consent to be activated. It is important to note that by disabling certain categories of cookies, you may be prevented from accessing some features of our websites. Please see section 5 for information on giving consent / opting out of the use of cookies on this website. Please view the Cookie List on this website.3. Why do we use Cookies?We use cookies for the following purposes:To make the website work.To customise your visit.To improve our website.To save a visitor's recent searches to save them time when revisiting our Website.To provide visitors with advertising that is relevant (third parties are involved in providing this).To analyse and compile collected data to build a profile about visitors.4. Which Cookies do we use?General InformationSource (Where cookies come from)First Party CookiesThese cookies are provided by us and used by various features on our Website. Examples may include customising a visitor's visit, providing statistical information, and verifying a visitor's identity for security purposes.Third Party CookiesThese cookies are provided by “Third Party” vendors who provide products and features we have integrated into our Website. Examples include social media sites, ad networks, and security systems.Expiration (How long cookies last)Session CookiesThese cookies are added when a visitor starts to browse our Website or interacts with a specific feature and are deleted when the browser is closed.Persistent CookiesThese cookies are added when a visitor starts to browse our Website or interacts with a specific feature, but may remain stored on your Device until a certain termination date is reached (in terms of minutes, days or years from the creation/update of the cookie).Type (What application uses the cookie)Necessary cookiesNecessary cookies are required in order to ensure the website functions properly. These cookies do not collect information from your computer and they typically store information in the form of a session identification that does not personally identify you.User ExperienceThese cookies to help improve your experience on this website. These cookies are often set to remember user preferences especially between visits on the website.Analytical cookiesAnalytical cookies to help us to improve our website by collecting and reporting information on how you use it. These cookies collect information in a way that does not directly identify anyone.Marketing cookiesThese cookies are generally set as a result of some embedded content such as a video, a social media share or a like button. These cookies are set to help improve the user experience on the website. These are often set to remember user preferences especially between visits on the website.5. Managing and Disabling CookiesYou can control the cookies placed and retained on your device. The Data Protection Notice and this Cookie Policy are provided to be transparent about our practices regarding the use of cookies and to allow you the opportunity to make an informed choice.On the website only cookies necessary for the site to function are turned on. All other cookies are turned off by default and require your consent to be activated. Where applicable, we will obtain your prior informed consent to use these cookies and other tracking technologies which store or access information on your device.Upon your first visit to the website, our cookies management tool will be activated. You will be asked to set your cookies preference for the website. Your selected preference will be stored for 6-month before you will be asked again to confirm your cookie preferences.You can withdraw / change this consent at any time by clicking on the ‘Manage Cookies’ icon located on the footer of each of our website pages. You can then adjust the available sliders to left ‘Reject’ or to the right from ‘Accept’ and click ‘Confirm my Choices” to save the changes. You may need to refresh your page for your settings to take effect.Please note if you limit the ability of the Website to set cookies, this may prevent you from using certain features of our website properly and your user experience – which will no longer be personalised for you – may deteriorate.6. Where can I get more information about Cookies?You can find more information about cookies by visiting the following information websites:www.aboutcookies.orgwww.allaboutcookies.orgAmendments to this NoticeWe will post any changes to our Cookie Notice on the website and when doing so will change the effective date at the top of this Cookie Notice. We will also update our Cookie Management Tool.
GDPR
Personal Data Protection Notice
Grants Data Protection Notice
Cookie Policy
Enterprise Ireland Terms & Conditions
Copyright
Ombudsman
OECD Anti Bribery Convention