https://www.covenanteyes.com/legal/privacy-policy
Services
Why Accountability
Screen Accountability
Blocking
Pricing & Coverage
For Churches
Support
Resources
Blog
My Account
Get Started
Side Navigation
Content Disclaimer
End User License Agreement
Privacy Policy
Permissions Policy
Giveaway Rules
Social Media Contests and Giveaways
Covenant Eyes is committed to protecting the privacy of both the information you share with us and the information that we gather through the course of us providing our services to you. If you have any questions about this privacy policy, please feel free to contact us at support@covenanteyes.com.
Information we collect and how we use it
For general website visitors
Information you provide prior to signup—When you fill out a form on the Covenant Eyes website, you are considered to have opted in to receiving email communications from Covenant Eyes. You may modify your email subscription preferences or unsubscribe at any time by clicking the “Unsubscribe” link in your email.
Information passively gathered while visiting our websites—When you visit Covenant Eyes websites, we may send cookies to your device and we may record server logs of your web requests on our websites. We use this information to deliver the functionality of the website and to learn how people use our websites so that we can improve them. These cookies may also be used to show you advertisements for Covenant Eyes on other websites using Google AdWords or other ad vendors. You may update your advertising preferences at any time using Google Ad Preferences.
Information passively provided by other vendors—We may use other vendors, including Google AdWords, which collect information about your use of other websites and allow us to better target advertisements to you based on your needs and interests. We only see this information in aggregate, and never directly connect it to an individual’s browsing. You may update your advertising preferences at any time using Google Ad Preferences.
One-on-one communications—We may keep records of our communications with you that involve customer support and sales. We use this information to follow up on issues with customers, determine the frequency and severity of technical issues, improve our sales, and for training employees. Unless you specifically request to be added to a mailing list, you will not be added to any marketing communications as a result of these personal requests.
For Covenant Eyes members
Information you provide upon signup—When you sign up for or modify a Covenant Eyes account, you provide us with personal information about yourself and the people that you list on your account. This information includes names, contact information, usernames, and passwords created for Covenant Eyes, settings for our services, and billing information. We use this information to maintain your account and deliver services to people listed on the account.
Internet activity—One of our core services is our Internet Accountability service, which requires that we log our Accountability Users’ internet activity. For subscribers to that service (who have also agreed to our End User License Agreement), as well as for subscribers to our Screen Accountability™ service who use our app for iPhone® and iPad®, we gather activity per user, rate that activity, and use it to generate reports that are then delivered to people chosen by the Accountability User.
Screen Accountability™—We may monitor our Screen Accountability Users’ computer and device screens using Covenant Eyes technology installed on the device by the user to detect problematic, sexually explicit imagery. For subscribers to that service, who have all agreed to our End User License Agreement, the following steps are taken to protect privacy. First, our system randomly captures a screenshot and related metadata from the user’s screen. The screenshot is rated on the device for explicit content, reduced in size and blurred, making the text illegible in many, but not all cases. Finally, blurred screenshots are sent to our servers using 256-bit encryption where they are used for reporting. Non-blurred images are not transmitted to Covenant Eyes unless specifically agreed to by the user. The resulting Reports, which contain the highest rated images, are delivered to people chosen by the Accountability User. These images are not used by Covenant Eyes for any purpose other than generating Reports except that other use by Covenant Eyes will be expressly limited to internal use only for the purposes of database management or systems operations or improvement of the performance of our artificial intelligence algorithms. In addition, metadata concerning scores, timing of scores, applications generating images which are scored, and other metadata may be collected. In the event that Covenant Eyes uses any data, including images, collected for such internal purposes, no such data or images will be preserved in any format that is associated with your name or account.
When do we share information?
We share information with others only when we must in order to deliver our services to you or when legally compelled to do so. These are the scenarios in which we share private information.
Covenant Eyes Accountability Users specify other people who will serve as their allies (also known as “accountability partners”). Each ally is thus granted permission to receive reports of a user’s device activity. We provide these reports via email and each ally can access reports through our secure website.
Filter Guardians may view portions of a user’s device activity in the fulfillment of their role as Filter Guardian.
We may share information with strategic partners that work with Covenant Eyes only to improve your experience with our products, services, and advertising. This information may include limited contact information only for the sake of personal inquiries, but will not be shared with third parties for their marketing purposes.
We may share information about metadata concerning multiple users’ scores; for instance, we may say something like “The average score for all our users is ‘x’ [that is, some specific number].”
We will disclose information when required by the order of a court with proper authority.
When Covenant Eyes detects suspected child pornography, we will comply with the reporting requirements specified in U.S. Code, Title 18, Chapter 110, which indicate we must report to the National Center on Missing and Exploited Children.
Changes to this policy
We may change this policy from time to time, but we will not change it in a way that restricts your rights without first making good efforts to inform you of the changes.
Last updated March 28, 2019