http://www.logbookpro.com/policies.aspx
My Account|
Login
Advanced Search
Policies
Returns/Refunds
All software available from NC Software is available on a try-before-you-buy
basis. Free downloads and risk-free evaluation of our software allow prospective
customers to fully evaluate the functionality and compatibility of the software
prior to purchase. When purchasing our products you will be issued an unlock code
or serial number to lift evaluation restrictions without requiring any additional
downloads or installation. With our software offering "try-before-you-buy" functionality,
all sales are final. Once unlock codes or serial numbers are issued we do
not accept returns or issue refunds. These policies must be accepted at the time of purchase.
Cirrus Elite binders or accessories may be returned within
14 days provided they have not been personalized or shrink-wrap products opened.
All returns or refunds are subject to a
15% restocking/cancellation fee, shipping charges are non-refundable. Subscriptions are non-cancellable
and non-transferrable.
Lost Registration Information (Unlock Codes, Serial Numbers, etc.)
When purchasing our products in which an unlock code or serial number is issued,
it is important to print and maintain the registration information in the event
it is required at a later date. NC Software provides an invoice containing registration
data on screen and e-mails a complimentary copy at the time of purchase. Loss of
issued registration codes may require purchase of additional license or be subject
to a re-licensing fee. For information on how to automatically lookup your registration
information click here.
Products Involving Activation Based Licensing
Products using software activation enforce strict guidelines to combat software
piracy and enforce licensing compliance. Please read the product documentation carefully
regarding licensing as it relates to your individual product. Once a product is activated it cannot be transferred without
certifying a letter of destruction issued by NC Software. If a transfer is required
and granted by NC Software, subsequent transfer requests will be denied for a period
of 120 days (Server licenses are non-transferrable). Products involving product activation are also available on a try-before-you-buy
basis and do not require the serial number entered to evaluate the product. Once
the purchased serial number is entered the product will activate automatically.
Maintenance Plans, Upgrade Protection, and Subscriptions
Maintenance plans (also called "upgrade protection") may be offered on products
and services to provide free software updates during the term of the purchased contract.
Maintenance plans are tied to the licensed serial number (product), not the account
holder. Maintenance plans do not obligate NC Software to develop future updates,
however, when software updates are published subscribers are eligible for the benefits
as outlined in their purchased plan. Maintenance plans, Upgrade Protection, and
Subscriptions are non-transferrable and non-cancellable. Use of a subscription or service by other than the account
holder will result in immediate suspension of the subscription or service without a refund. Subscription
use is monitored and recorded.
Secure Shopping
NC Software treats security with the highest priority. Rest assured your online
shopping experience will be a safe one. We use 128-bit strong encryption and maintain
the highest standards in server security. NC Software does not store credit card
numbers.
Prices are subject to change without notice.
Shipping
The only time any materials are shipped is if the customer purchases physical
media, Cirrus Elite binders or accessories. The online store issues unlock codes
immediately to allow unlocking of our software after a try-before-you-buy evaluation
is completed and satisfaction is achieved. Orders are shipped typically within 1-2
business days and shipped via the selected delivery method at checkout.
Technical Support
Tech support is an integral part of the software industry and we stand fully behind
our thoroughly tested products. NC Software provides 24x7x365 tech support via electronic
correspondence such as e-mail, help desk, or live chat. Telephone support is not available. Third party products sold by
NC Software are supported directly by the third party vendor. NC Software does
not hold warranty or liability on third party products purchased from its store.
Privacy Policy
Please view our Privacy Statement.
Software Upgrades
All NC Software software products purchased within 30 days of a new release are
entitled to a free upgrade to the new version. If a new product line is released,
NC Software will determine which edition of the new product correlates to the previous
version and edition purchased. Not all of our products guarantee a discount for
upgrading. Circumstances may warrant customers paying full price for subsequent
versions depending on the nature of the update. Please direct any questions on our
upgrade policy to sales@nc-software.com.
Policies are subject to change without notice.
Home|
Privacy|
Terms|
Policies|
Versions|
Mailing Lists|
Support|
Downloads|
Affiliates|
Contact Us
Subscribe to our Newsletter:
© 2020 NC Software, Inc. All rights reserved.
Logbook Pro® is a registered trademark of NC Software, Inc.
All other trademarks or registered trademarks are property of their respective owners