https://www.cirrushosting.com/cirrushosting.coms-privacy-policy.html
Cirrus Tech Ltd.’s Privacy PolicyYou are here: Home1 / About Cirrus Tech – A Leader in Canadian Web Hosting2 / Cirrus Tech Ltd.’s Privacy PolicyCirrus Tech Ltd. (www.cirrushosting.com) Privacy Statement:
This statement has been created to demonstrate our commitment to privacy. This document also discloses the information gathering practices for this website. If you have any questions about our policies please contact us. Privacy PolicyCirrus Tech Ltd. will not search to sell, rent, lend, exchange or give your mail address, the Customer’s zip/postal code or your phone number at a third party without your explicit permission. The information provided by the Customer is protected and cannot be found by an outside person.Cirrus Tech Ltd. Collects and uses personal information only as reasonably necessary to provide contracted service and to collect fees owed and will not disclose such information to any third party except as required by law as evidenced by an order of a court of competent jurisdiction, to collection services if needed and/or fulfill your request. Your personal data includes information such as:NameContact information including email addressDemographic information such as postcode and addressOther data collected that could directly or indirectly identify you What Information We CollectWe may collect the following personal information:Registration/Ordering any of services – we collect personal information such as your name, address, email address, phone number and certain payment and billing information such as credit card number.Technical support requests – where you may provide your contact information and/or other technical problem you are facing while communicating with us through phone, email or chat.Subscribing to our newsletter or complete online contact form – for instance, we collect your name and email address.Social media and content customers provide through our website – we may use customer name, business name, and comments in marketing documents or as testimonials on Cirrus Tech Ltd.’s websites. At any time, the Customer can send a written notice to withdraw this authorization.Apart from the above-mentioned information; some other information such as your browsing behavior information is collected anonymously (we wouldn’t know your identity) using Google Analytics, Google Ad Services. Cirrus Tech Ltd. may also collect information about user browsing data through the use of cookies. You can opt-out by visiting “Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on”. What we do with the collected informationCirrus Tech Ltd. Collects and uses personal information only as reasonably necessary to provide contracted service and to collect fees owed.To provide, improve and enhance services we provide to you. Cirrus Tech Ltd. may use and share your personal information with 3rd party providers to fulfill your order. For example, your information might be provided to domain registrar and SSL certificate authority;To communicate with you about the services you subscribed to, response to email inquiries, marketing and/or promotional purposes consistent with any permission you may have communicated with us;To process payment, detect and prevent fraud and abuse of our system;Compliance with legal, regulatory and law enforcement requests; How to access, modify or delete your informationYou can access, modify or delete your information by signing into your account and visit ‘Details” under “Account” Tab. Alternatively, if you would like to make any changes to your account you can contact us. How We Use CookiesCirrus Tech Ltd. uses “cookies” on this site. A cookie is a small file which asks permission to place on your local computer to help use improve your access to our site and identify re-visiting users. Advertising cookies are used to present ads that are relevant to your interest. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website. Third party websiteOur site contains links to other websites. Please be aware Cirrus Tech Ltd. is not responsible for the privacy of such other sites. SecurityCirrus Tech Ltd. uses strict measures to protect the loss, misuse, abuse, and alteration of files stored on our servers. Cirrus Tech Ltd. has security systems in place that monitor the integrity of files needed and used by the operating system. In the event of modification of any of the critical files, the server will be shut down and an administrator will be paged. We have detailed logs of events that occur on the server at all times.Account Information is password-protected for your privacy and security. In certain areas of our websites, as identified on the site, Cirrus Tech Ltd. uses industry-standard SSL-encryption to protect data transmissions. Access Log FilesCirrus Tech Ltd. maintains an individual access log for each website hosted. Log files are used by the administration team to determine how much bandwidth a customer is using per month as well as for generating statistics pages. Information is used for calculating purposes only and will not be given to third parties. IP AddressAn Internet Protocol (“IP”) address is a number assigned to your computer whenever you access the Internet. Cirrus Tech Ltd. may record the IP addresses of visitors to its Website. While an IP address may reveal your ISP or geographic area, we cannot determine your identity solely based upon your IP address. Policy ChangesCirrus Tech Ltd. reserves the right to change, modify, add, or remove portions from this policy at any time and will be placed here. Questions?If you have questions or suggestions about this privacy statement, or your own personal information, please contact us. About Cirrus HostingAbout Cirrus HostingWhy Cirrus?Web Hosting and Cloud Hosting ReviewsCirrus AwardsDatacenter and InfrastructuresAffiliate ProgramBlog and PRsTerms Of ServicesPrivacy PolicyCloud Hosting Since 1999Cirrus Tech Ltd. is a leading cloud hosting provider in Canada, hosting websites and email for 100,000+ companies worldwide.
Recent Posts
Why Should I Pay For SSL Certificate? Paid SSL certificate vs Free SSL Certificate
Windows Web Hosting – Plesk Obsidian on Windows Server 2019
Cirrus Hosting Is Supporting Ubuntu 20.04 LTSAwards
Certification
This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.OKLearn moreCookie and Privacy SettingsHow we use cookiesWe may request cookies to be set on your device. We use cookies to let us know when you visit our websites, how you interact with us, to enrich your user experience, and to customize your relationship with our website.Click on the different category headings to find out more. You can also change some of your preferences. Note that blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience on our websites and the services we are able to offer.Essential Website CookiesThese cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our website and to use some of its features.Because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the website, refuseing them will have impact how our site functions. You always can block or delete cookies by changing your browser settings and force blocking all cookies on this website. But this will always prompt you to accept/refuse cookies when revisiting our site.We fully respect if you want to refuse cookies but to avoid asking you again and again kindly allow us to store a cookie for that. You are free to opt out any time or opt in for other cookies to get a better experience. If you refuse cookies we will remove all set cookies in our domain.We provide you with a list of stored cookies on your computer in our domain so you can check what we stored. Due to security reasons we are not able to show or modify cookies from other domains. You can check these in your browser security settings.Check to enable permanent hiding of message bar and refuse all cookies if you do not opt in. We need 2 cookies to store this setting. Otherwise you will be prompted again when opening a new browser window or new a tab.Click to enable/disable essential site cookies.Other external servicesWe also use different external services like Google Webfonts, Google Maps, and external Video providers. Since these providers may collect personal data like your IP address we allow you to block them here. Please be aware that this might heavily reduce the functionality and appearance of our site. Changes will take effect once you reload the page.Google Webfont Settings:Click to enable/disable Google Webfonts.Google Map Settings:Click to enable/disable Google Maps.Google reCaptcha Settings:Click to enable/disable Google reCaptcha.Vimeo and Youtube video embeds:Click to enable/disable video embeds.