http://www.stallman.org/articles/real-privacy-laws.html
What sort of laws would give us real privacy?
— Richard Stallman
[A modified version of this article was published in The Guardian on 3
April 2018]
I've been asked by journalists whether the revulsion against
Facebook's data abuse could be a turning point for the campaign to
recover privacy.
I respond that that could happen if the public makes
its campaign broader and deeper.
Broader, meaning extending to all
surveillance systems, not just Facebook.
Deeper, meaning to advance
from regulating the use of data to regulating the accumulation of
Data.
Because surveillance is so pervasive, restoring privacy is
necessarily a big change, and requires powerful measures.
The surveillance imposed on us today far exceeds that of the Soviet
Union.
For freedom and democracy's sake, we need to eliminate most of
it.
There are so many ways to use data to hurt people that the only
safe database is the one that was never collected.
Thus, instead of
the EU's approach (in the GDPR) of mainly regulating how personal data
may be used, I propose a law to stop systems from collecting personal
data.
The robust way to do that, the way that can't be set aside at the whim
of a government, is to require systems to be built so as not to
collect data about persons.
The basic principle is that a system must
be designed not to collect certain data, if its basic function can be
carried out without that data.
Improving efficiency must explicitly
not count as a justification for collecting more data.
Data about who travels where is particularly sensitive because it is
an ideal basis for repressing any chosen target.
We can take the
London trains and buses as a case for study.
The Transport for London digital payment card system centrally records
what trips a given card has paid for.
When a passenger feeds the card
digitally, the system associates the card with the passenger's
identity.
This adds up to complete surveillance.
I expect the transport system can justify this practice under the
GDPR's rules.
My proposal, by contrast, would require the system to
stop tracking who goes where.
The card's basic function is to pay for
transport.
That can be done without centralizing that data, so the
transport system would have to stop doing so.
When it accepts
digital payments, it should do so through an anonymous payment system.
Frills on the system, such as the feature of letting a passenger
review the list of past journeys, are not part of the basic function,
so they can't justify incorporating any additional surveillance.
These additional services could be offered separately to users who
request them.
Even better, users could use their own personal systems
to privately track their own journeys.
Black cabs demonstrate that a system for hiring cars with drivers does
not need to identify passengers.
Therefore such systems should not be
allowed to identify passengers; they should be required to accept
privacy-respecting cash from passengers without ever trying to
identify them.
However, convenient digital payment systems can also protect
passengers' anonymity and privacy.
We have already developed one: GNU
Taler.
It is designed to be anonymous for the payer, but payees are
always identified.
We designed it that way so as not to facilitate
tax dodging.
We should require all digital payment systems to defend
anonymity using this or some other method.
What about security?
Security systems in areas where the public is
admitted must be designed so they cannot track people.
Video cameras
should make a local recording that can be checked for the next few
weeks if a crime occurs, but should not allow remote viewing without
physically collecting the recording.
Biometric systems should be
designed so they recognize only people on a court-ordered list of
suspects, to respect the privacy of the rest of us.
An unjust state
is more dangerous than terrorists, and too much security encourages an
unjust state.
The EU's GDPR regulation is well-meant, but does not go very far.
It
will not deliver much privacy because its rules are too lax.
They
permit collecting any data if it is somehow useful to the system, and
it is easy to come up with a way to make any particular data useful
for something.
The GDPR makes much of requiring users (in some cases) to give consent
for collection of their data, but that doesn't do much good.
System
designers have become expert at manufacturing consent (to repurpose
Chomsky's phrase).
Most users consent to a site's terms without
reading them; a company that required users to trade their first-born
child got consent from plenty of users.
Then again, when a system is
crucial for modern life, like buses and trains, users ignore the terms
because refusal of consent is too painful to consider.
To restore privacy, we must stop surveillance before it even asks for
consent.
Finally, don't forget the software in your own computer.
If it is the
non-free software of Apple, Google or Microsoft, it spies on you
regularly (see https://gnu.org/malware/).
That's because it's
controlled by a company that won't scruple to make it spy on you.
Companies tend to lose their scruples when that is profitable.
By contrast, free (libre) software is controlled by its users (Free
Software Is Even More Important Now,
https://gnu.org/philosophy/free-software-even-more-important.html),
and the user community keeps the software honest.
Copyright 2018 Richard Stallman
Released under Creative Commons Noderivatives License 4.0
Return to Richard Stallman's home page.