https://www.taxactonline.com/privacy-policy-california
Business Taxes
Professional Taxes
Sign In
Prepare and File Taxes
Online Products
Download Products
Self-Employment Taxes
Business Taxes
Home and Business Bundles
Tax-Exempt Organizations
Estates and Trusts
Previous Year's Products
Return Status
Check E-file Status
Track IRS Refund
Tax Tools
Tax Calculator
Tax Bracket Calculator
W4 Calculator
Self-Employment Calculator
Self-Employment Tax Resources
Tax Information
Tax Reform Info
TaxAct Blog
Support
We're ready to help.
Have a question? Ask, or enter a search term below.
Search
Privacy Notice for California Residents – Supplement to TaxAct’s Privacy Policy
This Privacy Notice for California Residents (“Privacy Notice”) supplements the information contained in the Privacy Policy, located on our Website (the “Site”), of TaxAct, Inc. and its subsidiaries (collectively, “TaxAct,” “we,” “us,” or “our”), and applies solely to visitors, users, and others who reside in the State of California (“residents,” “consumers,” or “you”). In the event of any conflict between this notice and our privacy policy, this privacy notice shall govern. We adopt this notice to comply with the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) and other California privacy laws.
Any terms defined in the CCPA have the same meaning when used in this Privacy Notice.
This Privacy Notice was last updated December 2020.
Information Collected
We collect information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is capable of being associated with, or reasonably could be linked, directly or indirectly, with a specific individual, consumer, or personal device (“Personal Information”).
We collect Personal Information that you provide when you register for and use the Services:
In order to purchase or download our tax software, you are required to complete the registration form that includes contact information (such as name, email address, and phone number).
If you decide to prepare or file a tax return using the Services, we collect all the information you provide, including your Name, Social Security Number, Driver’s License number, and information about your employment, income, deductions, and any other information included in your return. We refer to this information as "Tax Return Information."
If you upload a form or other file from your desktop or mobile device, we collect and store those files and/or data.
If you decide to purchase our products, we may request additional information, including payment information. If you pay using credit card, we will collect financial information such as credit card number and expiration date. As an added layer of protection, credit card information is encrypted via a tokenization method.
When you use our technical support and customer service functions or otherwise contact our support staff, we may collect information about the questions or concerns you submit. In order to improve the quality of TaxAct’s Services, TaxAct may record support calls (after informing you during that call and before the recording starts) or support chat sessions. We may also ask to share your screen solely for the purpose of resolving your inquiry.
Information in the Automatically Collected Information section of our Privacy Policy.
We may also collect:
Information provided as part of customer testimonials, surveys, promotions, marketing events, trade shows, webinars, conferences, customer research, feedback or a similar event or occurrence where you provide personal information.
Information from your use of our referral service to tell a friend about our site, we will ask you for your friend's name and email address.
Information from publicly available sources, affiliated companies, or third parties, such as when we partner with other companies or use service providers to help us optimize our marketing activities.
If you have used our Services, we have collected the following categories of Personal Information from you within the last twelve (12) months:
Categories
Examples
Purpose
Collected
Identifiers.
A real name, Internet Protocol address, email address, or other similar identifiers.
TaxAct uses this information only in accordance with applicable laws, such as to prepare, assist in preparing, or obtain or provide services in connection with preparing your tax return; to provide you with the products and services you specifically request or consent to and other uses or disclosures as you expressly consent to from time to time; or as required by law.
The use and disclosure of Tax Return Information is governed by Section 301-7216 of the Internal Revenue Code and many state codes and regulations.
Yes
Personal Information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).
A name, signature, Social Security number, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver’s license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information.
Some personal information included in this category may overlap with other categories.
TaxAct uses this information only in accordance with applicable laws, such as to prepare, assist in preparing, or obtain or provide services in connection with preparing your tax return; to provide you with the products and services you specifically request or consent to and other uses or disclosures as you expressly consent to from time to time; or as required by law.
The use and disclosure of Tax Return Information is governed by Section 301-7216 of the Internal Revenue Code and many state codes and regulations.
Yes
Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law.
Age (40 years or older), race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship, religion or creed, marital status, medical condition, physical or mental disability, sex (including gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy or childbirth and related medical conditions), sexual orientation, veteran or military status, genetic information (including familial genetic information).
TaxAct uses this information only in accordance with applicable laws, such as to prepare, assist in preparing, or obtain or provide services in connection with preparing your tax return; to provide you with the products and services you specifically request or consent to and other uses or disclosures as you expressly consent to from time to time; or as required by law.
The use and disclosure of Tax Return Information is governed by Section 301-7216 of the Internal Revenue Code and many state codes and regulations.
Yes
Commercial information.
Records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
TaxAct only collects and uses commercial information such as records of personal property in relation to providing tax related services.
Yes
Biometric information.
Genetic, physiological, behavioral, and biological characteristics or activity patterns used to extract a template or other identifier or identifying information, such as fingerprints, faceprints, and voiceprints, iris or retina scans, keystroke, gait, or other physical patterns, and sleep, health, or exercise data.
TaxAct does not collect this category of information.
No
Internet or other similar network activity.
Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer’s interaction with a website, application, or advertisement.
TaxAct uses your information to personalize or customize your experience and our products, develop new features or services, and to improve the overall quality of our product offerings.
Yes
Geolocation data.
Physical location or movements.
TaxAct only collects and uses location information in relation to providing tax related services.
Yes
Sensory data.
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information.
TaxAct does not collect this category of information.
No
Professional or employment-related information.
Current or past job history or performance evaluations.
TaxAct only collects and uses professional and employment history in relation to providing tax related services.
Yes
Non-public education information (per the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part 99)).
Education records directly related to a student maintained by an educational institution or party acting on its behalf, such as grades, transcripts, class lists, student schedules, student identification codes, student financial information, or student disciplinary records.
TaxAct does not collect this category of information.
No
Inferences drawn from other Personal Information.
Profile reflecting a person’s preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
TaxAct does not collect this category of information.
No
Not included in the definition of Personal Information is information that is publicly available, information that has been de-identified or aggregated, or information exempt from the purview of the CCPA, such as
Protected Health Information (“PHI”) governed and protected by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (“HIPAA”), and the California Confidentiality of Medical Information Act (“CMIA”) or clinical trial data; and
Personal Information regulated by certain industry-specific privacy laws, such as the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FRCA), the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA), California Financial Information Privacy Act (FIPA), and the Driver’s Privacy Protection Act of 1994.
Use of Personal Information
The use and disclosure of Tax Return Information is governed by Section 301-7216 of the Internal Revenue Code and many state codes and regulations. We use your Tax Return Information only in accordance with applicable laws, such as to prepare, assist in preparing, or obtain or provide services in connection with preparing your tax return; to provide you with the products and services you specifically request or consent to and other uses or disclosures as you expressly consent to from time to time; to allow tax professionals to assist you with questions or tax preparation; or as required by law.
We use registration information and other information you provide to complete orders, for the purposes listed above, to research and address any questions or problems submitted through our technical support and customer service systems, to send you technical notices, updates, and security alerts, as well as to notify you if there are issues with your order or when new/enhanced products and services become available. We may use your information to analyze and improve our service offerings to you, provide a customized and/or personalized experience, and protect the safety and security of TaxAct, our Services, our customers, and others. We may use your registration information to show you tailored advertising, to send you marketing messages, or if you choose to use our referral service to tell a friend about our site, we will send your friend an email inviting him or her to visit the site.
We may also share limited information with companies that provide services that help us market our products. We share information with these companies only as needed to perform their functions on our behalf and require them to protect the information in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Notice.
We also use the information we collect to monitor and investigate fraud, identity theft, and other illegal activity and to personalize and improve the Services. TaxAct values the privacy and security of your information and unless we have explicit consumer consent and allowed by Section 301-7216 of the Internal Revenue Service’s code, we do not:
Sell or rent consumer personal information;
Use consumer personal information to market non-tax preparation products or services to consumers; or
Share consumer personal information with outside third parties to be used for their marketing purposes.
You may elect to add your name to our “Do Not Sell” list by clicking here.
We will not collect additional categories of personal information or use the personal information for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing you additional notice.
Disclosure and Sharing of Information
We may disclose your Personal Information for permitted business purposes.
We disclose Tax Return Information in accordance with your requests, such as when you direct us to file a tax return with the IRS or to a state taxing authority or you provide your express consent to disclose information to a third party offering its own product or service.
In certain situations, TaxAct may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. We also may share information about you as follows:
With vendors, consultants and other service providers who are required to use and disclose such information only to perform services on our behalf;
To taxing authorities, law enforcement, government agencies and others if we believe disclosure is in accordance with any applicable law, regulation or legal process, or as otherwise required by any applicable law, rule or regulation;
If we believe your actions are inconsistent with the spirit or language of our user agreements or policies, or to protect the rights, property and safety of TaxAct or others; and/or
In connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business by another company.
We may share your information with employees of our affiliated companies for purposes of providing and maintaining the Services. If you use our professional products to prepare the taxes of others, we may share your information with our affiliate companies including Wealth Management, so that they may notify you of products and services that may be relevant to you. You can learn more about and access the privacy policy at: https://advisor.myavantax.com/Media/Advisor_Training_Library/Corporate/Avantax_Privacy_Policy.pdf
If you are a professional user and wish to opt out of having information about you shared with our affiliated companies for marketing purposes, please visit: https://www.taxact.com/unsubscribe/affiliates.asp
We may also share aggregated or de-identified information, which cannot reasonably be used to identify you. Examples may include, but are not limited to: the total number of users served by a TaxAct product/service, general age group ratios, and other statistical data relating to tax preparation and electronic filing service.
Rights and Choices
The CCPA provides California consumers and residents with certain rights regarding their Personal Information. For requests received directly from a consumer, the following section describes your CCPA rights and explains how to exercise those rights once we verify your identity.
You may elect to add your name to our “Do Not Sell” list by clicking here.
Right to Access and Portability
You may submit a request to obtain a copy of the personal data TaxAct has on file for you so you can export it or share it with others. By following the process in the Request Submissions section and subject to certain exceptions, TaxAct can assist with providing you with a copy of your data. TaxAct may be required to also maintain your records for legal or contractual purposes.
Request Submissions
To exercise the access, data portability, and deletion rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer request by completing the online form at: https://www.taxact.com/ccpa. You may also call the following toll free number: (866) 981-1144
Verifiable Requests
A verifiable request may be submitted by a California resident or a person registered with the California Secretary of State that is authorized to act on your behalf. These requests must:
Detail sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected Personal Information or an authorized representative; and
Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
Timeframe for Responding to Requests and Format
TaxAct shall confirm receipt of a consumer’s request within ten (10) days of receipt. TaxAct will respond to the request within forty-five (45) days of receipt with the time period beginning on the day we receive the request.
The period of response may be extended to sixty (60) or ninety (90) days if more time is required. In that event, we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing.
Fee
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded.
No Discrimination
The CCPA prohibits a business from discriminating against California consumers for exercising the rights outlined above. We will not discriminate against you for submitting such requests by:
Denying goods or services to you;
Charging different prices or rates for goods or services, including through the use of discounts, benefits, or other penalties;
Providing a different level or quality of goods or services; and
Suggesting a different price or quality of goods or services will apply if rights are exercised.
Please note, that certain information is required to effectively use our Services. For example, if you exercise the right to delete your information your account will be deactivated, which prevents the use of our goods and services. This in no way prevents you from creating a new account in the future
No Financial Incentive
We do not offer any financial incentives or price or service difference in an attempt to influence a consumer’s decision whether or not to exercise a right afforded to the consumer under the CCPA.
Changes to Privacy Notice
From time to time, we may change this Privacy Notice and will notify you of material changes by posting the changed or modified Privacy Notice on our Site. Any changes will be effective immediately upon the posting of the revised Privacy Notice unless otherwise specified. Your continued use of our Site following the posting of changes constitutes your acceptance of such changes.
TaxAct Contact Information
If you have any questions about the Privacy Notice or our privacy practices, please contact us at:
Our postal address:
1425 60th Street NE
Cedar Rapids, IA 52402
Other ways to reach us:
Telephone: 319-373-3600
Email: privacypolicy@taxact.com
×
Your request has been submitted
You have been successfully added to the TaxAct Do Not Sell list.
Error while submitting form
Something went wrong. Please try again later