http://www.ranbury.com/privacy_policy.html
Friday, December 11, 2020
Ranbury Privacy Policy
Disclosure
We do not disclose information about your individual visits to ranbury.com
or personal information that you may give us such as your name, address,
E-mail address, or telephone number to any outside companies unless you
have chosen to make your information public.
Privacy Policy - An Overview
Ranbury is strongly committed to protecting the privacy
of consumers of its interactive products and services. Throughout cyberspace,
we want to contribute to providing a safe and secure environment for consumers,
and in particular, ensure that kids' information is protected.
In general, our service automatically gathers certain usage information
like the numbers and frequency of visitors to http://ranbury.com
and its areas, very much like television ratings that tell the networks
how many people tuned in to a program. We only use such data in the aggregate.
This collective data helps us determine how much our customers use parts
of the site, so we can improve our site to assure that it is as appealing
as we can make it for as many of you as possible.
Information About You
Sometimes, we may specifically ask for information about you when you
sign up to use a service or when you sign up to receive information you
are interested in. We will need certain information: such as your name,
Internet address or E-Mail address, and sometimes street address, in order
to provide that service to you. We may also use that information to let
you know of additional services about which you might be interested. We
may ask you for information about your interests so that both you and
we can take advantage of the interactivity of the online medium, but you
may always choose to respond or not.
Updating your Information
You can update your information by sending an email to update@ranbury.com
with the changes you would like made. For updates in the Doctor Directory
please review the information below.
Opt-out
You can remove yourself from our mailing list by replying to one of our
newsletters with "REMOVE" in the subject line or sending an
email to remove@ranbury.com with the email address you signed
up with.
Cookies
To enhance your experience with our sites, many of our web pages use "cookies."
Cookies are text files we place in your computer's browser to store your
preferences. Cookies, by themselves, do not tell us your e-mail address
or other personally identifiable information unless you choose to provide
this information to us by, for example, registering at our site. However,
once you choose to furnish this site with personally identifiable information,
this information may be linked to the data stored in the cookie for ease
of use (automatic login etc.) by site members.
We use cookies to understand site usage and to improve the content and
offerings on our site. For example, we may use cookies to personalize
your experience at our web pages (e.g., to recognize you by name when
you return to our site), save your password in password-protected areas,
and enable you to use shopping carts on our site. We also may use cookies
to offer you products, programs, or services.
Our Sponsors' Cookies and Privacy Policies
Ranbury offers page sponsorship, banner placement and
other forms of advertising opportunities within this site. Ranbury recommends that you review the privacy policies of our sponsors
before signing up for any services with them. Cookies placed by sponsors
within advertisiments are governed by the privacy policies of the sponsers
and not Ranbury.
Our Commitment to Security
We have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial
procedures to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access, maintain
data security, and correctly use the information we collect online.
Special Attention to Kids
Ranbury takes special care to protect the safety and privacy
of young people using our services. We do not specifically collect information
about children and believe that children should get their parents' consent
before giving out any personal information. We encourage you to participate
in your child's experience in cyberspace and to review all the important
safety tips before your child explores the Internet.
You can remove yourself from our database by sending an email to remove@ranbury.com.
Please include enough information to allow us to correctly identify you
in the database. (I.e. your name, city(s) your practice is in and a phone
number so we can contact you or your staff to verify your request)
Ranbury Privacy Policy Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy for Ranbury,
we will post those changes here so that you will always know what information
we gather, how we might use that information and whether we will disclose
it to anyone.
-Russ Kruse
Ranbury
Home
SEO
Tools
Free Code
Solutions
Domains
Contact
Us
Your
Privacy
Copyright 2004 - 2009- All rights reserved. | Terms
of Us | Privacy