http://www.comptia.org/testing/testing-policies-procedures/test-policies
Home
Testing
Test Policies
Certification Exam Policies
Candidate Agreement
Explains the rules and regulations regarding certification, including the retake policy, candidate conduct policy and the candidate appeals process.
Candidate Testing Policies
Includes accommodations during an exam, exam scoring, exam content and international testing policies.
CompTIA Voucher Terms & Conditions
Details the terms and conditions governing CompTIA vouchers.
Candidate ID Policy
Lists the acceptable forms of identification a candidate may bring to an exam.
Certification Retake Policy
Details the circumstances in which a candidate can retake a certification exam.
Exam Delivery Policies
Includes testing center suspensions, delivery exclusions and beta testing policies.
Continuing Education Policies
Covers certification renewal, candidate code of ethics and audit findings, as related to the Continuing Education program.
Exam Development
Explains the exam development process.
Sharing Your Exam Results
Explains our exam results sharing policy.
Unauthorized Training Materials
Defines unauthorized training materials and the consequences for using them.
Candidate Appeals Process
Describes the process for candidates to appeal sanctions imposed, due to exam security or policy violations.
CompTIA Exam Security Hotline
Use this system to report security breaches, candidate misconduct, IP infringement, use of unauthorized training materials and other exam security-related concerns.
CompTIA Data Forensics
Describes score validity and use of data forensics.
CompTIA Privacy Policy
This policy describes how The Computing Technology Industry Association, Inc. (“CompTIA”) collects, uses, and shares personal information.
Copyright © CompTIA, Inc. All Rights Reserved
Sitemap
Terms of use
Privacy Statement
Trademarks
We use cookies that improve your experience with the website, keep statistics to optimize performance, and allow for interaction with other platforms.
For more information please view our Privacy Statement.
Close