http://www.frontiersoftware.com/privacydataprotection
Skip to main content
Privacy & Data Protection
Privacy
We set out here how we use and protect any information that you give us when you use this website.
We are committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. If we ask you to provide information by which you can be identified when using this website we assure you that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement, and we take appropriate technical and organisational security measures to safeguard personal information.
We comply with all applicable Data Protection and Privacy legislation in the countries in which we operate. In particular information is not transferred outside the European Union without suitable safeguards or agreement from the individual.
We may change this policy from time to time by updating this page, so you should check from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 1 November 2017.
What we collect
We only collect and process personal information to the extent that it is needed to fulfill our operational needs or to comply with any legal requirement.
We may collect the following information:
name and job title
the name of your employer
contact information including email and postal addresses and telephone numbers
What we do with the information we gather
These details will be used for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
Bookings for training courses and events.
To improve our products, services and website.
To contact you regarding our products and services in which we believe you may be interested.
To send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting, using the email address which you have provided.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. The cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
More information about our cookies is available here.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes
if you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at marketing@frontiersoftware.com
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen. Your information will be removed when it is no longer needed.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under Data Protection legislation applicable in the countries in which we operate. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to marketing@frontiersoftware.com or contact your nearest office.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Region Selection
Please select your preferred Frontier Software regional site.
Regional sites for other areas are coming soon.
Please select Global if the other regions are not applicable.
AustraliaNew ZealandUnited KingdomEuropeAsiaIndiaPhilippinesPNG & PacificRest of the World
Go
Leave this field blank