https://www.itpreneurs.com/privacy-policy-3/
Skip to content
Purpose
This Privacy Policy is a statement that discloses some or all of the ways ITpreneurs gathers, uses, discloses, and manages our customers’ data. With this Privacy Policy ITpreneurs clarifies the ways in which it protects the privacy of its customers.
1 – ITpreneurs’ Core Beliefs Regarding User Privacy And Data Protection
Data is a liability, it should only be collected and processed when absolutely necessary
We loathe spam as much as you do!
We will never sell, rent or otherwise distribute or make public your personal information
2 – Relevant Legislation
Along with ITpreneurs’ business and internal computer systems, this website is designed to comply with the following national and international legislation with regards to data protection and user privacy:
EU General Data Protection Regulation 2018 (GDPR)
ITpreneurs’ and this site’s compliance with the above legislation means that this site is likely compliant with the data protection and user privacy legislation set out by many other countries and territories as well. If you are unsure about whether this site is compliant with your own country of residences’ specific data protection and user privacy legislation you should contact our data protection officer (details of whom can be found in section 9) for clarification.
3 – Personal Information That ITpreneurs Collects And Why We Collect It
This website collects and uses personal information for the following reasons:
3.1 – Site Visitation Tracking
Like most websites, this site uses Google Analytics (GA) to track user interaction. We use this data to determine the number of people using our site, to better understand how they find and use our web pages and to see their journey through the website.
Although GA records data such as your geographical location, device, internet browser and operating system, none of this information personally identifies you to us. GA also records your computer’s IP address which could be used to personally identify you but Google do not grant us access to this. We consider Google to be a third party data processor (see section 6.0 below).
GA makes use of cookies, details of which can be found on Google’s developer guides. Our website uses the analytics.js implementation of GA.
Disabling cookies on your internet browser will stop GA from tracking any part of your visit to pages on this website.
In addition to Google Analytics, this website uses ActiveCampaign (AC) as the designated CRM to track user interaction. We use this to better understand how people interact with our site and to see their journey through the website.
AC records data such as your geographical location, device, internet browser and operating system, all of this information personally identifies you to us, but only if you have opened an email or link sent to you from AC.
3.2 – Our Blog
Should you choose to add a comment to any posts that we have published on our blog, the name and email address you enter with your comment will be saved to this website’s database, along with your computer’s IP address and the time and date that you submitted the comment. This information is only used to identify you as a contributor to the comment section of the respective blog post and is not passed on to any of the third party data processors detailed below.
Your comment and it’s associated personal data will remain on this site until we see fit to either 1.) remove the comment or 2.) remove the blog post. Should you wish to have the comment and it’s associated personal data deleted, please email us using the email address that you commented with.
If you are under 16 years of age you MUST obtain parental consent before posting a comment on our blog.
NOTE: You should avoid entering personally identifiable information to the actual comment field of any blog post comments that you submit on this website.
3.3 – Contact Forms And Email Links
Should you choose to contact us using the contact form on our Contact us page or an email link, the data that you supply will be stored and processed by our CRM. Your data will be collated into an email and sent to us over the Simple Mail Transfer Protocol (SMTP). Our SMTP servers are protected by TLS (sometimes known as SSL) meaning that the email content is encrypted using SHA-2, 256-bit cryptography before being sent across the internet. The email content is then decrypted by our local computers and devices.
3.4 – Email updates
If you choose to join our email updates, the email address that you submit to us will be forwarded to ActiveCampaign who provide us with email marketing services. We consider ActiveCampaign to be a third party data processor (see section 6 below). The email address that you submit will not be stored within this website’s own database or in any of our internal computer systems.
Your email address will remain within ActiveCampaign’s database for as long as we continue to use ActiveCampaign’s services for email marketing or until you specifically request removal from the database. You can do this by unsubscribing using the unsubscribe links contained in any email that we send you or by requesting removal via email. When requesting removal via email, please send your email to us using the email account that is subscribed to the mailing list.
If you are under 16 years of age you MUST obtain parental consent before joining our email updates.
While your email address remains within the ActiveCampaign database, you will receive newsletter-style emails from us.
4 – How We Store Your Personal Information
As detailed in section 3.2, if you submit a comment to a blog post published on this website some personal information will be stored in this website’s database. This is currently the only occasion where personal data will be stored on this website. This data is currently stored in an identifiable fashion; a limitation of the content management system that this website is built on (WordPress). In the near future, we aim to change the storage of this data to a pseudonymous fashion meaning that the data would require additional processing using a separately stored ‘key’ before it could be used to identify an individual.
Pseudonymisation is a recent requirement of the GDPR which many web application developers are currently working to fully implement. We are committed to keeping it as a high priority and will implement it on this website as soon as we are able to.
5 – About This Website’s Server
This website is hosted by Amazon within an Ireland based data center.
All traffic (transferral of files) between this website and your browser is encrypted and delivered over HTTPS.
6 – Our Third Party Data Processors
We use a number of third parties to process personal data on our behalf. These third parties have been carefully chosen and all of them comply with the legislation set out in section 2. When these third parties are based in the USA, they are EU-U.S Privacy Shield and GDPR compliant.
Google (Privacy policy)
ActiveCampaign (Privacy policy)
SAP ByD (Privacy policy)
Leapest (Privacy Policy)
7 – Data Breaches
We will report any unlawful data breach of this website’s database or the database(s) of any of our third party data processors to any and all relevant persons and authorities within 72 hours of the breach if it is apparent that personal data stored in an identifiable manner has been stolen.
8 – Data Controller
The data controller of this website is: ITpreneurs Beheer B.V. with the Chamber of Commerce number: KvK 24363304.
Whose registered and operating office is:
Weena 242
3012 NJ Rotterdam
The Netherlands
9 – Data Protection Officer
Mr. Arjan Woertman
COO, ITpreneurs Nederland B.V.
Telephone: +31 (0)10 71 10 260
Email: arjan.woertman@itpreneurs.com
10 – Changes To Our Privacy Policy
This privacy policy may change from time to time in line with legislation or industry developments. We will not explicitly inform our clients or website users of these changes. Instead, we recommend that you check this page occasionally for any policy changes. Specific policy changes and updates are mentioned in the changelog at the top.
Cookie Policy
ITpreneurs (“ITpreneurs”, “we” or “us” or “our”) may use cookies, web beacons, tracking pixels, and other tracking technologies when you visit the ITpreneurs website, including any subdomains thereof, and any other websites through which Leapest makes its services available (collectively, “Site”), and all associated services (collectively, “ITpreneurs’ Services”) to help customize the Site and improve your experience.
We reserve the right to make changes to this Cookie Policy at any time and for any reason. We will alert you to any changes by updating the “Last Updated” date of this Cookie Policy on the Site. Any changes or modifications will be effective immediately upon posting the updated Cookie Policy on the Site, and you waive the right to receive specific notice of each such change or modification.
You are encouraged to periodically review this Cookie Policy to stay informed of updates. You will be deemed to have been made aware of, will be subject to, and will be deemed to have accepted the changes in any revised Cookie Policy by your continued use of the Site after the date such revised Cookie Policy is posted.
What Are Cookies
A “cookie” is a string of information which assigns you a unique identifier that we store on your computer. Your browser then provides that unique identifier to use each time you submit a query to the Site. We use cookies on the Site to, among other things, keep track of services you have used, record registration information, record your user preferences, keep you logged into the Site, facilitate purchase procedures, and track the pages you visit. Cookies help us understand how the Site is being used and improve your user experience.
How We Use Cookies
We use cookies for a variety of reasons detailed below. The following types of cookies may be used when you visit the Site:
Advertising Cookies
Advertising cookies are placed on your computer by advertisers and ad servers in order to display advertisements that are most likely to be of interest to you. These cookies allow advertisers and ad servers to gather information about your visits to the Site and other websites, alternate the ads sent to a specific computer, and track how often an ad has been viewed and by whom. These cookies are linked to a computer and do not gather any personal information about you.
Analytics Cookies
Analytics cookies monitor how users reached the Site, and how they interact with and move around once on the Site. These cookies let us know what features on the Site are working the best and what features on the Site can be improved.
Our Cookies
Our cookies are “first-party cookies”, and can be either permanent or temporary. These are necessary cookies, without which the Site won’t work properly or be able to provide certain features and functionalities. Some of these may be manually disabled in your browser but may affect the functionality of the Site.
Personalization Cookies
Personalization cookies are used to recognize repeat visitors to the Site. We use these cookies to record your browsing history, the pages you have visited, and your settings and preferences each time you visit the Site.
Security Cookies
Security cookies help identify and prevent security risks. We use these cookies to authenticate users and protect user data from unauthorized parties.
Third-Party Cookies
Third-party cookies may be placed on your computer when you visit the Site by companies that run certain services we offer. These cookies allow the third parties to gather and track certain information about you. These cookies can be manually disabled in your browser.
Control of Cookies
Most browsers are set to accept cookies by default. You can prevent the setting of cookies by adjusting the settings on your browser (see your browser Help for how to do this). However, you can remove or reject cookies in your browser’s settings. Please be aware that such action could affect the availability and functionality of the Site. For more general information on cookies, you can visit www.allaboutcookies.org and www.youronlinechoices.eu. In addition, you may opt-out of some third-party cookies through the Network Advertising Initiative’s Opt-Out Tool.
Other Tracking Technologies
In addition to cookies, we may use web beacons, pixel tags, and other tracking technologies on the Site to help customize the Site and improve your experience. A “web beacon” or “pixel tag” is tiny object or image embedded in a web page or email. They are used to track the number of users who have visited particular pages and viewed emails and acquire other statistical data. They collect only a limited set of data, such as a cookie number, time and date of a page or email view, and a description of the page or email on which they reside. Web beacons and pixel tags cannot be declined. However, you can limit their use by controlling the cookies that interact with them.
The Cookies We Set
Email newsletters related cookies: This site offers a newsletter or email subscription services and cookies may be used to remember if you are already registered and whether to show certain notifications which might only be valid to subscribed/unsubscribed users.
Surveys related cookies: From time to time we offer user surveys and questionnaires to provide you with interesting insights, helpful tools, or to understand our user base more accurately. These surveys may use cookies to remember who has already taken part in a survey or to provide you with accurate results after you change pages.
Forms related cookies: When you submit data to through a form such as those found on contact pages or comment forms cookies may be set to remember your user details for future correspondence.
Site preferences cookies: In order to provide you with a great experience on this site we provide the functionality to set your preferences for how this site runs when you use it. In order to remember your preferences, we need to set cookies so that this information can be called whenever you interact with a page is affected by your preferences.
Third Party Cookies: In some special cases we also use cookies provided by trusted third parties. The following section details which third party cookies you might encounter through this site.
Google Analytics
This Site uses Google Analytics which is one of the most widespread and trusted analytics solutions on the web for helping us to understand how you use the site and ways that we can improve your experience. These cookies may track things such as how long you spend on the site and the pages that you visit so we can continue to produce engaging content. For more information on Google Analytics cookies, see the official Google Analytics page.
Third Party Analytics
Third party analytics are used to track and measure usage of this site so that we can continue to produce engaging content. These cookies may track things such as how long you spend on the site or pages you visit which helps us to understand how we can improve the site for you.
HotJar
This Site uses Hotjar to provide our users with a better experience and service and assist us in diagnosing technical problems and analyze user trends. We also use Hotjar to help improve the functionality of our site, making them more user-friendly, more valuable and simpler to use. Please also refer to our Privacy Policy regarding the processing of your personal data with our use of Hotjar. You may opt-out from having Hotjar collect your information when our Site at any time by visiting the Hotjar Opt-out page and clicking ‘Disable Hotjar’ or enabling Do Not Track (DNT) in your browser.
Social Media Buttons
We may also use social media buttons and/or plugins on this site that allow you to connect with your social network in various ways. For these to work the following social media sites including, but not limited to; LinkedIn, Twitter, Facebook YouTube, Vimeo will set cookies through our site which may be used to enhance your profile on their site or contribute to the data they hold for various purposes outlined in their respective privacy policies.
Privacy Policy
For more information about how we use information collected by cookies and other tracking technologies, please refer to our Privacy Policy posted on the Site. This Cookie Policy is part of and is incorporated into our Privacy Policy. By using the Site, you agree to be bound by this Cookie Policy and our Privacy Policy.
×
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok