http://www.timepoint.ie/privacy
Skip to content
Privacy Policyadmin2020-11-30T10:51:34+00:00
Privacy Policy
SCHEDULE MY DEMO
1. Introduction
The General data protection regulation came into force on May 25th 2018,replacing the existing Data protectionacts. It introduces substantial changes to data protection law and responsibilities with the processing of personal data.
Time Point Ltd (company number 248145) respects your right to privacy. The purpose of this Website Privacy Statement is to explain how we deal with any personal data you may provide to us in accordance with GDPR while visiting this website. Timepoint will protect the personnel information you share with us.
This website (https://www.timepoint.ie) is operated by Timepoint LTD, a company whose registered office is located at VFI Court, castleside drive Rathfarnham Dublin 14 Ireland.
If you are unhappy with this Website Privacy Statement you should not use this website. By visiting this website you are accepting the terms of this Website Privacy Statement.
Any external links are provided for convenience purposes only and does not imply any relationship between Time Point Ltd and the owners of the website containing the linked material. We are not responsible for the content or the privacy policies of these other websites.
2. Types of information collected
We retain two types of information for the purposes of supplying information and services to you:
(a) “Personal Data” which is data that can identify you or be used with other information to identify you. Such data would include your name, address, email address, phone number. You must voluntarily provide us with this information and in doing so you are consenting to its use by us as outlined in this Website Privacy Statement.
(b) “Non-Personal Data” which is statistical and other analytical information collected on an aggregate basis from all visitors to our website. Such information cannot be used to identify you.
3. Purposes for which we hold your information
Personal Data: Under GDPR the main reasons we rely upon in order to process and retain any Personal data submitted by youare as follows:
In order to provide you with information as you may request if you contact us or use the contact details feedback form or other forms on the website.
To perform our obligations, we have undertaken in providing our products and services.
To contact you from time to time to furnish you with information or material in connection with the products and services offered to customers,potential customers or visitors to the Time Point web site.
We will store this data for a period of two years .
4. Non-Personal Data
We gather Non-Personal Data from visitors to our website in aggregate statistical formincluding browsing actions and patterns to get a better understanding of where our visitors come from and what is viewed on the website. This is to assist us in improving our products and to help us better optimise our website. We also collect statistical data on browsing actions including pages you visit.
5. Cookies
This website uses “cookie technology” which is a  piece of text stored by the browser on your computer at the request of our server. We will use cookies to assist us to help you better navigate the website and to save your personal preferences or to identify you when you next log onto our website.
You are always free to decline our cookies if your browser permits or to ask your browser to indicate to you when a cookie is being sent to your computer. You can also delete cookie files from your computer at your discretion. You should note that if you decline our cookies or ask for notification each time a cookie is being sent this may affect your ease of use of this website.
6. Pop-ups
We use pop-ups for reasons such as displaying outsized tables, graphics and the like. If you choose to disable pop-ups you will not have access to this information.
7. Disclosure of Information to Third Parties
We may provide non personal data to third parties where such information is combined with similar information of other users of our website. For example, we might inform third parties regarding the number of unique users to our website, the demographic breakdown of our community of users or the activities that visitors to our website engage in whilst on our website. The third parties to whom we may provide this information may include potential or actual advertisers, providers of advertising services, commercial partners, sponsors, licensees, researches and other similar parties.
We will not disclose your personal data to third parties unless you have consented to such disclosure. We will disclose your personal data if we believe in good faith that we are required to disclose it in order to comply with any applicable law, legal summons, search warrant, Court or regulatory Order or other statutory requirement.
8. Sale of our Business
We reserve the right to transfer information (including your personal data) to a third party in the event of a sale, merger, liquidation, receivership, re-organisation, amalgamation or transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of our company provided that the third party agrees to adhere to the terms of this Website Privacy Statement and provided that the third party only uses your personal data for the purposes that you provided it to us.
9. Security
Your personal data is held on secure servers hosted by our internet service provider. The nature of the Internet is such that we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information that you transmit to us via the Internet. No data or transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be completely secure. However, we will take all reasonable steps (including appropriate technical and organisational measures) to protect your personal data.
10. YOUR RIGHTS ON PERSONAL DATA WE HOLD.
You have a right at any time to contact us for a copy of the personnel information we hold on you.
You have the right to inform us of any changes in your personal data that you require updated.
You have the right to request us to erase personal data at any time.
Subject to the laws under GDPR.  To find out what personal data we hold on you or to have your personal data updated, amended or removed then please contact:
The Customer Service Manager,
Time Point™ Ltd
VFI COURT, CASTLESIDE DRIVE. RATHFARNHAM, DUBLIN14, IRELAND.
email: helpdesk@timepoint.ie
11. Changes to the Website Privacy Statement
Any changes to this Website Privacy Statement will be posted on this website so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances, if any we disclose it. If at any time, we decide to use your personal data in a manner that is significantly different from that stated in this Website Privacy Statement or otherwise disclosed to you at the time it was collected we will notify you and you will have the choice as to whether or not we can use your information for that new purpose.
Call Now Button
We use cookies to give you the best experience on our website. By continuing to use our website without changing your cookie settings, you agree to our use of cookies in accordance with our updated Cookie Policy. Find out more.
Okay, thank you
Close GDPR Cookie Settings
Privacy Overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Cookie Policy
Powered by  GDPR Cookie Compliance
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
Enable or Disable Cookies
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
Cookie Policy
We use cookies to give you the best experience on our website. By continuing to use our website without changing your cookie settings, you agree to our use of cookies in accordance with our updated Cookie Policy.
Find out more.
Enable All
Save Settings
Go to Top