http://www.coreftp.com/privacy.html
Home  |
Download  |
Purchase  |
Support  |
FAQ  |
News  |
Docs  |
Forums  |
Contact  |
Feedback  |
MailList  |
Links
CoreFTP.com Privacy Policy
How we protect your privacy
We use security measures (anti-virus and double firewall) to protect against the loss,
misuse and alteration of data used by CoreFTP.com.
Your identity/email address
We will never share, sell, or rent individual personal information with anyone without your advance permission or unless ordered by a court of law. Information submitted to us is only available to employees managing this information for purposes of contacting you or sending email exclusively related to CoreFTP.com and it's products.
Why did you receive an email from us?
If you received a mailing from us, (a) your email address is listed as a contact for use of a CoreFTP.com product, (b) your email address is either listed with us as someone who has expressly shared this address for the purpose of receiving information in the future ("opt-in"), or (c) you have registered or purchased or otherwise have an existing relationship with us. We respect your time and attention by controlling the frequency of our mailings.
How can you stop receiving email from us?
Each email sent contains an easy, automated way for you to cease receiving email from us, simply follow the instructions at the end of any email.
If you are using free CoreFTP.com products for business or commercial use, you are required to have at least one email contact at your organization on our mailing list.
If you have received unwanted, unsolicited email sent via this system or purporting to be sent via this system, please forward a copy of that email with your comments to abuse@coreftp.com.
Privacy Policy Changes
Policy creation date August 26, 2004.
Refund policy
Refunds are at the discretion of CoreFTP.com.
All software has a evaluation period of 45-days under which software can be evaluated before purchase.
Inquiries can be directed to:
Click here to download Core FTP client
Copyright © 2015 Core FTP - All rights reserved