https://www.allegiancefundraising.com/privacy-policy/
Close
Home
About Us
About Us Overview
Our Team
Partners / Affiliations
Solutions
Solutions Overview
Agency Services
Agency Services Overview
Strategic Planning & Program Audits
Campaign Development & Execution
Prospect Identification
Data Enhancements & Analytics
Copywriting & Design Services
Direct Mail
Digital Fundraising
Variable Data Printing
Alternate Media Channels
Technology Solutions
Technology Solutions Overview
Fundraising CRM
Crowdfunding Campaigns
Peer-to-Peer Fundraising
Fiscal Sponsorship Fundraising Solutions
Ticketing & Events
Memberships
Text-to-Donate
Donor Research
Auctions
Volunteer Management
Radio Traffic & Billing Software
Loyalty & Incentives
Custom Donor Loyalty Programs
Exclusive Offers, Discounts & More
Digital Engagement
Our Work
Our Work Overview
Public Media
Higher Education
Social Services
Arts & Culture
Healthcare
Associations
Faith-based broadcasting
Other Non-Profits
Pricing
Resources
Resources Overview
Fundraising Blog
Case Studies
Portfolio
Company News
Standard Broadcast Calendar
Webinars: Proven Practices
Webinars: Rocktober
Whitepapers & eBooks
Contact Us
Get Started
Client Login
Support
Home|Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy applies to the website at allegiancefundraising.com (the “Website”) and describes how Allegiance Fundraising Group(“Allegiance Fundraising Group” “we,” “our” or “us”) protects, gathers and uses the information from this Website. Please review this Privacy Policy carefully before using this Website. By using this Website, you (“you” or “your”) agree to the collection, disclosure and use of your personally identifiable information (“Personal Information”) by Allegiance Fundraising Group, its affiliates and agents in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy.
Collection and Use of Information
When you visit our site, we may collect several different types of information for various purposes to improve your experience.
Personal Data
While using our site, we may ask you to voluntarily provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you (“Personal Data”). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
Email Address
First Name/Last Name
Phone Number
Address
Cookies and Usage Data
We may collect Personal Data from you when you:
Respond to company marketing;
Enter cases for support;
Ask for assistance with fundraising projects;
Attend industry conferences;
Use the services through this Website including: Fundraising Strategy, Direct Response Mail, Digital Fundraising, Donor Management Software, Corporate Traffic Software, Fundraising Services including staff augmentation and Fundraising Consulting Services, Loyalty and Incentive Management for Benefit Programs;
Choose to provide us with additional information.
We may use your Personal Data to connect you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you.  You may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe link or the instructions provided in any email we send.
Site Usage Data
We may also collect information on how you access and use the site (“Usage Data”).  This Usage Data may include information such as:
the number of visitors to this Website;
the websites from which visitors enter or leave this Website;
the pages visitors visit while on this Website;
the length of these visits;
the names of the visitors’ Internet service providers and Internet Protocol (IP) addresses;
the visitors’ browser information;
the speed of the visitors’ connections; and
the search terms used to find this Website, as applicable.
We also use technology that helps us compile aggregated statistics about our users and their use of the Website. This Aggregated Information does not contain any Personal Data and is used for improving the Website and the tools on the Website (including improvements to the recommendation engine), aggregated reports, benchmarking and other marketing purposes. Aggregated Information cannot be traced back to specific users by third parties other than third parties who are acting as our agents. We may contract with third parties to compile these aggregated statistics for us.
Tracking and Cookies Data
We collect information about you and your use of this Website through the use of cookies. Cookies are small files that a website can store on your computer’s hard drive for record-keeping or other administrative purposes. If you are concerned about the use of cookies, you can choose to enable a feature in your browser software that will erase cookies, block all cookies or warn the user before cookies are stored or exchanged.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our site.
Disclosure of Information
With Our Business Partners. We generally may share your Personal Information with our business partners.
Mail VERIFICATION and Validation,
Direct Response Mail Production Vendors,
Digital Fundraising Vendors,
Premium Fulfillment Vendors,
Payment Processing Vendors.
Other Disclosures. We will not voluntarily share Personal Information with a third party without prior authorization, except (a) with an affiliate or agent (b) with the written authorization of that person, (c) to enforce our privacy policy, to comply with law, regulation or other legal processes or to protect the rights, property or safety of us or others, (d) with a regulator or law enforcement agency or personnel, (e) in emergency situations, (f) to protect against misuse or unauthorized use of this Website or the Sample Company Service, (g) to detect or prevent criminal activity or fraud, or (f) in the event that we or substantially all of our assets are acquired by one or more third parties as a result of an acquisition, merger, sale, reorganization, consolidation or liquidation, in which case Personal Information may be one of the transferred assets.
We may share Non-Personal Information of visitors to this Website to third parties for marketing, advertising or other uses.
Choices about Your Personal Data
We want to keep your Personal Data accurate. You may contact us regarding requesting a change to or to update the Personal Data you have provided.
Sales = 844-858-7654
Agency Services = 508-202-4009
Loyalty & Incentives = 800-423-7645
Allegiancefundraising.com
Mail at:
Allegiance Fundraising Group
3064 49thSt South
Fargo, ND, 58104
Legal Requirements
Allegiance Fundraising Group may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
Comply with legal obligation;
Protect and defend the rights or property of Allegiance Fundraising Group;
Prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service;
Protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the Public;
Protect against legal liability.
Links to Third-Party Sites, Content and Resources
This Website includes links to third-party sites, content and resources that are not affiliated with the Website or Allegiance Fundraising Group. This Privacy Policy does not apply to these links. We do not endorse and are not responsible for the operation or content of these websites. Please consult the privacy policy for each website you visit.
Analytics
We use web analytics programs to collect information. We will not collect any personally identifiable information about you through these programs.
Google Analytics Data Security
Data security is implemented through physical, administrative and technical safeguards we put in place and operational procedures we follow to protect Personal Information. We protect your transactions involving Personal Information over the Internet using Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology. We restrict access to your Personal Information in our database to our authorized employees, our agents and certain of our authorized partners.
We actively monitor our Website for unauthorized activity and will notify affected users upon confirmation of any compromise or unauthorized access sensitive information obtained from our Website.
Security
Allegiance Fundraising Group uses technical and organizational security precautions to protect your data from manipulation, loss, destruction or access by unauthorized persons.
Children’s Privacy
This Website is not intended for use by children under the age of 13. We will not knowingly collect any Personal Information from visitors under the age of 13 online through this Website. If you think that we have collected Personal Information from a visitor under the age of 13, please contact us.
Contact Us
Please contact us if you have any questions, comments or concerns about our privacy policy.
Privacy Policy Updates
We may modify, alter or update our privacy policy at any time, so we encourage you to review our privacy policy frequently. We will not provide individual notice to you of changes to our privacy policy, but when we make updates to our privacy policy, we will update the date in this section.
Our Privacy Policy was last updated on July 24, 2019 by Rich Aukland, CEO.
Get the fundraising solutions you need to fuel your mission.
Get Started
Finally, an End-to-End Fundraising Solution Accessible to all Nonprofits
DMW Fundraising and Member Benefits are now part of Allegiance Fundraising Group
Allegiance Fundraising Group brings together three well-established fundraising teams to create an end-to-end fundraising solution that makes it easier for you to reach your mission. Today you can turn to a single team for seamless fundraising strategy and implementation, donor management software, and membership loyalty programs.
Learn more about Allegiance Fundraising
Continue