http://www.optusservices.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
What is this Privacy Policy for?This Privacy Policy is for this website www.optusservices.co.uk and served by Optus Services Ltd and governs the privacy of its users who choose to use it.The policy sets out the different areas where user privacy is concerned and outlines the obligations and requirements of the users, the website and website owners. Furthermore, the way this website processes, stores and protects user data and information will also be detailed within this policy.The WebsiteThis website and its owners take a proactive approach to user privacy and ensure the necessary steps are taken to protect the privacy of its users throughout their visiting experience. This website complies to all UK laws and requirements for user privacy.Use of CookiesThis website uses cookies to improve the users’ experience while visiting the website. Where applicable, this website uses a cookie control system allowing the user on their first visit to the website to allow or disallow the use of cookies on their computer / device. This complies with recent legislation requirements for websites to obtain explicit consent from users before leaving or reading files such as cookies on a user’s computer / device.Cookies are small files saved to the users’ computer hard drive that track, save and store information about the user’s interactions and usage of the website. This allows the website to provide the users with a tailored experience within this website.Users are advised that if they wish to deny the use of and saving of cookies from this website onto their computer’s hard drive, they should take necessary steps within their web browser’s security settings to block all cookies from this website and its external serving vendors.This website uses tracking software to monitor its visitors to better understand how they use it. This software is provided by Google Analytics which uses cookies to track visitor usage. The software will save a cookie to your computer’s hard drive in order to track and monitor your engagement and usage of the website, but will not store, save or collect personal information. You can read Google’s privacy policy for further information (www.google.com/privacy). Other cookies may be stored to your computer’s hard drive by external vendors when this website uses referral programs, sponsored links, or adverts. Such cookies are used for conversion and referral tracking and typically expire after 30 days, although some may take longer. No personal information is stored, saved or collected.Contact and CommunicationUsers contacting this website and/or its owners do so at their own discretion and provide any such personal details requested at their own risk. Your personal information is kept private and stored securely until a time it is no longer required or has no use, as detailed in the Data Protection Act 1998. Every effort has been made to ensure a safe and secure email submission process, but we advise users using such forms that they do so at their own risk.This website and its owners use any information submitted to provide you with further information about the products / services they offer or to assist you in answering any questions or queries you may have submitted. This includes using your details to subscribe you to any email newsletter program the website operates, but only if this was made clear to you and your express permission was granted when submitting a form by email. Alternatively, where the consumer has previously purchased from or enquired about purchasing from the company a product or service that the email newsletter relates to. This is by no means an entire list of your user rights in regard to receiving email marketing material. Your details are not passed on to any third parties.Email NewsletterThis website operates an email newsletter program, used to inform visitors about products and services supplied by the Optus Services Ltd. Users can subscribe through an online automated process should they wish to do so at their own discretion. Some subscriptions may be manually processed through prior written agreement with the user.Subscriptions are taken in compliance with UK Spam Laws detailed in the Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations 2003. All personal details relating to subscriptions are held securely and in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998. No personal details are passed on to third parties nor shared with companies / people outside of the company that operates this website. Under the Data Protection Act 1998 you may request a copy of personal information held about you by this website’s email newsletter program. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you, please write to the business address at the bottom of this policy.Email marketing campaigns published by this website or its owners may contain tracking facilities within the actual email. Subscriber activity is tracked and stored in a database for future analysis and evaluation. Such tracked activity may include; the opening of emails, forwarding of emails, the clicking of links within the email content, times, dates and frequency of activity. This is by no means a comprehensive list.This information is used to refine future email campaigns and supply the user with more relevant content based around their activity.In compliance with UK Spam Laws and the Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations 2003, subscribers are given the opportunity to un-subscribe at any time through an automated system. This process is detailed at the footer of each email campaign. If an automated un-subscription system is unavailable, clear instructions on how to un-subscribe will be detailed instead.External LinksAlthough this website appears to include quality, safe and relevant external links, users are advised to adopt a policy of caution before clicking any external web links mentioned throughout this website. (External links are clickable text / banner / image links to other websites etc.).The owners of this website cannot guarantee or verify the contents of any externally linked website despite their best efforts. Users should therefore note that they click on external links at their own risk and this website and its owners cannot be held liable for any damages or implications caused by visiting any external links mentioned.Adverts and Sponsored LinksThis website may contain sponsored links and adverts. These will typically be served through our advertising partners, who may have detailed privacy policies relating directly to the adverts they serve.Clicking on any such adverts will send you to the advertisers website through a referral program which may use cookies and will track the number of referrals sent from this website. This may include the use of cookies which may in turn be saved on your computer’s hard drive. Users should therefore note that they click on sponsored external links at their own risk and this website and its owners cannot be held liable for any damages or implications caused by visiting any external links mentioned.Social Media PlatformsCommunication, engagement and actions taken through external social media platforms that this website and its owners participate on are subject to the terms and conditions as well as the privacy policies held with each social media platform respectively.Users are advised to use social media platforms wisely and communicate / engage upon them with due care and caution in regard to their own privacy and personal details. Neither this website nor its owners will ever ask for personal or sensitive information through social media platforms. Users wishing to discuss sensitive details should do so through primary communication channels such as by telephone or email.This website may use social sharing buttons which help share web content directly from web pages to the social media platform in question. Users are advised before using such social sharing buttons that they do so at their own discretion and note that the social media platform may track and save your request to share a web page through your social media platform account.Shortened Links in Social MediaThrough their social media platform accounts, this website and its owners may share web links to relevant web pages. By default, some social media platforms shorten lengthy URLs (web addresses).Users are advised to take caution and use good judgement before clicking any shortened URLs published on social media platforms by this website and its owners. Despite the best efforts to ensure only genuine URLs are published, many social media platforms are prone to spam and hacking and therefore this website and its owners cannot be held liable for any damages or implications caused by visiting any shortened links.Notices and RevisionsIf you have any concern about your privacy whilst on this website, please e-mail a thorough description and we will try to resolve the issue for you. Our business changes constantly and our Privacy Policy and Terms & Conditions will change too. Check our website frequently to see changes.Optus Services Ltd21 Corsham Road, Reading, Berkshire UK RG31 7ZH
Contact us now, to acquire more information about our barcode hardware and handheld scanning devices available nationwide.