https://www.collate.co.uk/terms-conditions/
Collate Business Systems Ltd Terms & Conditions
These terms and conditions govern your use of our website. Our terms have been provided and approved by legal documents provider LegalCentre.co.uk. Please read the terms in full before you use this Website. If you do not accept these terms, please do not use this Website. Using the Website implies that you accept these terms. We do occasionally update these terms so please refer back to them in the future.
1. SITE ACCESS
1.1 You will be able to access the majority of this Website without having to register any details with us. [However, particular areas of this Website will only be accessible only if you have registered.]
2. USE OF WEBSITE
2.1 You are permitted to use our website for your own purposes and to print and download material from this Website provided that you do not modify any content without our consent. Material on this website must not be republished online or offline without our permission.
2.2 The copyright and other intellectual property rights in all material on this Website are owned by us or our licensors and must not be reproduced without our prior consent.
2.3 Subject to paragraph 2.1, no part of this Website may be reproduced without our prior written permission.
3. SITE UPTIME
3.1 We take all reasonable steps to ensure that this Website is available 24 hours every day, 365 days per year. However, websites do sometimes encounter downtime due to server and, other technical issues. Therefore we will not be liable if this website is unavailable at any time.
3.2 This Website may be temporarily unavailable due to issues such as system failure, maintenance or repair or for reasons beyond our control. Where possible we will try to give our visitors advance warning of maintenance issues but shall not be obliged to do so.
4. VISITOR CONDUCT
4.1 With the exception of personally identifiable information, the use of which is covered under our Privacy Policy, any material you send or post to this Website shall be considered non-proprietary and not confidential. Unless you advise to the contrary we will be free to copy, disclose, distribute, incorporate and otherwise use such material for any and all purposes.
4.2 When using this website you shall not post or send to or from this Website any material:
(a) for which you have not obtained all necessary consents;
(b) that is discriminatory, obscene, pornographic, defamatory, liable to incite racial hatred, in breach of confidentiality or privacy, which may cause annoyance or inconvenience to others, which encourages or constitutes conduct that would be deemed a criminal offence, give rise to a civil liability, or otherwise is contrary to the law in the United Kingdom;
(c) which is harmful in nature including, and without limitation, computer viruses, Trojan horses, corrupted data, or other potentially harmful software or data.
4.3 [We will fully co-operate with any law enforcement authorities or court order requiring us to disclose the identity or other details of any person posting material to this website in breach of Paragraph 4.2.]
5. LINKS TO AND FROM OTHER WEBSITES
5.1 Any links to third party websites located on this Website are provided for your convenience only. We have not reviewed each third party website and have no responsibility for such third party websites or their content. We do not endorse the third party websites or make representations about them or any material contained in them. If you choose to access a third party website linked to from this Website, it is at your own risk.
5.2 If you would like to link to this Website, you may only do so on the basis that you link to, but do not replicate, any page on this Website, and subject to the following conditions:
(a) you do not in any way imply that we are endorsing any services or products unless this has been specifically agreed with us;
(b) you do not misrepresent your relationship with us or present any false information about us;
(c) you do not link from a website that is not owned by you; and
(d) your website does not contain content that is offensive, controversial, infringes any intellectual property rights or other rights of any other person or does not comply in any way with the law in the United Kingdom.
5.3 If you choose to link to our website in breach of Paragraph 5.2 you shall fully indemnify us for any loss or damage suffered as a result of your actions.
6. DISCLAIMER
6.1 We take all reasonable steps to ensure that the information on this Website is correct. However, we do not guarantee the correctness or completeness of material on this Website. We may make changes to the material on this Website at any time and without notice. The material on this Website may be out of date, or on rare occasions incorrect and we make no commitment to ensure that such material is correct or up to date.
6.2 The material at this Website is provided without any conditions or warranties of any kind. To the maximum extent permitted by law, we provide access and use of this website on the basis that we exclude all representations, warranties and conditions which but for these Terms may have effect in relation to this Website.
7. EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY
7.1 Neither we nor any other party (whether or not involved in producing, maintaining or delivering this Website), shall be liability or responsible for any kind of loss or damage that may result to you or a third party as a result of your or their use of our website. This exclusion shall include servicing or repair costs and, without limitation, any other direct, indirect or consequential loss, and whether in tort or contract or otherwise in connection with this Website.
7.2 Nothing in these Terms shall exclude or limit liability for (i) death or personal injury caused by negligence (as defined by the Unfair Contract Terms Act 1977); (ii) fraud; (iii) misrepresentation as to a fundamental matter; or (iv) any liability which cannot be excluded or limited under the law of the United Kingdom.
8. GOVERNING JURISDICTION
This Legal Notice shall be governed by and construed in accordance with English law. Any dispute(s) arising in connection with this Legal Notice are subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of England and Wales.
9. OUR DETAILS
Our business’s name is: Collate Business Systems Ltd
Our trading and registered office address is: Unit 9 Kingfisher Park,  Headlands Business Park, Salisbury Road, Ringwood, Hanpshire, BH24 3NX
Our company number is: Cardiff 2659160
Our contact details are: info@collate.co.uk 01425 484700
Collate History Contact Collate Today Collate Guarantee
Contact Collate
Please keep me up to date!
Testimonials
I and the RNLI would recommend Collate Business Systems as a supplier as they are always fast and efficient. The staff are friendly and ready to help, offering every solution possible.
RNLI
Caroline Slater, Networks and Telecoms,
Poole, Dorset.
Collate have supplied and maintained the Macmillan Caring Locally photocopiers for years. The reason we use Collate is that they consistently provide a fast, professional and responsive service at a competitive price. They are genuinely a pleasure to work with – the whole team are so friendly and always willing to help. We would definitely recommend Collate.
Macmillan Caring Locally
Neal Williams, Trust Secretary,
Christchurch, Dorset.
Collate inspired confidence from the start by listening to our needs here at U-Drive, and using their knowledge to provide excellent advice at a competitive price; that coupled with the smooth transition I have no hesitation in recommending them.
U-Drive
Richard Sutton, General Manager,
Portsmouth, Hampshire.
Thank you Collate! Bournemouth Foodbank's printer was so old and we were beginning to have issues with even printing out the vouchers to send to our referral agencies, enabling them to give local clients in crisis the form they need to receive a 3 day food parcel.  As a small charity with not much money, we were looking around for the best deal possible.  Collate came back to us with the best deal, however we couldn't commit to the full ter...
Bournemouth Foodbank
Deborah Bramley, Bournemouth Foodbank Project Director,
Bournemouth, Dorset
Over the past five months, I have been working with Simon on a managed printing solution for our company, Ross Brooke Ltd. Making this change was a big step for our company and throughout the process, from initial discussions, proposal through to contract signing, installation and training we have been impressed by Simon’s knowledge, commitment and overall understanding of our requirements and his ability to come up with solutions.
...
Ross Brooke
Jill Glasgow, HR/Office Support Manager,
Newbury, Berkshire
Liaison with Collate has been through Simon Kapuscinski. From the onset of obtaining a quotation for a leased photocopier through to installation, Simon has been very professional and explained every step in a clear concise manner. Date given for installation was kept and undertaken in a professional manner with no disruption to our Company. The photocopier chosen works excellently and has made a great difference to our administration workl...
Special Auction Services
Laura Inglut, Administration & Accounts,
Newbury, Berkshire
We have been delighted with the high level of service and professionalism provided by Collate Business Systems and Simon Kapuscinski. Superb levels of support and unrivalled technical expertise which has considerably reduced our office copier costs and increased productivity and reliability.  Approachable and friendly staff who go the extra mile and speak in plain English rather than jargon.  Great people to work with – can’t recommend them...
Bluebird Holidays
Steve Ring,
Weymouth, Dorset
I am very sorry that it has taken me a while to reposed to your e mail but I am very happy to provide a testimonial in this instance.
You will recall that I was very suspicious when you first phoned our offices and explained your proposition. I agreed to meet with you and found you very honest and personable. You also went to great lengths to demonstrate to me how the service that you offer would be of benefit to my business and I a...
St James Place Wealth Management
Malcolm Edwards FPFS, Chartered Financial Planner,
As a dynamic and technology led company we have to have the best in-house technology in place. Working with Collate has allowed us to maintain this high standard, implement time savings and cost efficiencies, and ultimately save money in the process
iMAG
Charli Harding, Co-founder & Director,
Poole, Dorset
Thank you so much for our new printer and all your help setting it up. It is going to help us so much with all our projects. From Ali and all the team at Pancreatic Cancer Action.
Pancreatic Cancer Action
Ali Stunt, Founder & Chief Executive,
Oakhanger, Hampshire
We are delighted with our new print solution and Bizhub machines from Collate. From the initial needs assessment through to installation and training, Collate has demonstrated a high degree of professionalism and expertise, and we look forward to a continued relationship
Rollalong
Michael Bretton, IT Manager,
Wimborne, Dorset
Our company has recently switched to Konica Minolta MFDs and we have worked with Mark and Adrian from Collate to replace our existing fleet of Canon devices. The transition to the new fleet of KM machines has been very smooth. Mark and Adrian have gone out of their way to assist in all aspects of the project, are well organised, flexible and very helpful to our end users. We would highly recommend
Carlisle Fluid Technologies
Dan Banning, IT,
Bournemouth, Dorset.
Very professional and competitive on price. Paula is always able to help out and look for the best deals and comes back with suitable recommendations when the item we requested is not available. We will continue to recommend Collate Business Systems to others.
Bomb Cosmetics
Charlotte Chambers,
Bournemouth, Dorset.
St John Ambulance are very pleased with the service and help we receive from the office and engineers. They are always very knowledgeable and take time to explain in detail. The engineers are always very friendly and helpful and make the effort to ensure that we receive a fast response to our call-outs, if they can call into the office even after hours to help they do. Exceptional service.
St John Ambulance
Elaine Leighton, Sales and Marketing Manager,
Dorchester, Dorset.
Last year we conducted a rigorous review of our office equipment suppliers; we are now delighted to confirm that Collate Business Systems Ltd supply the whole group! Which includes “Olds Motor Group”, “The Wasabi Company”, “The Watercress Company” and “Highwood”. From the very start Collate were professional but friendly; we really felt we were being listened to and we liked that.  It is our pleasure to recommend this company and its staff ...
The Watercress Company
Andrea Guppy, Senior Administrator,
Basingstoke, Hampshire.
We did a lot of shopping around for a printer which would best suit our business needs. When we spoke to Mark at Collate he ran through all of our options and costs, then provided a printer which exceeds our expectations and saves us money every month! All of that with friendly and helpful staff, we know we have made the right choice. We look forward to a long future together.
Platform One Limited
Jeremy Sims, Operations Manager,
Wimborne, Dorset.
Collate’s installation of our new Konica Minolta Bizhub C284e was amazingly painless and we are delighted with the performance of not only the copier but also the Collate team who have been easy to contact and quick to respond to any issues.  Wonderful to be dealing with real people again!
Admiral Marine Ltd
Jane Dodd, Business & Financial Manager,
Salisbury, Wiltshire.
Collate Business Systems work closely with The IT Department on key accounts where a full range of business office services are required. Because most printing services now touch the LAN and often the server, The IT Department would rather partner with a company who understand these technologies. Collate understand IT as well as their own equipment so are able to help trouble shoot issues quickly and with no bother to the customer. Collate’...
The IT Department
Matthew Newnham, Strategic Development Manager,
Bournemouth, Dorset.
Collate Business Systems has provided Chapman+Co with printers/photocopies for over 10 years now. We have always been very happy with the service they have provided. Their response is always rapid, helpful and completely customer focused. Their costs are also very competitive. We would definitely recommend Collate to anyone.
Chapman+Co
Vicky Dalton, Practice Manager,
Winchester, Hampshire.
It was important for the school to source a partner that had the ability and knowledge to provide the discovery/recommendation and solution the school required but most importantly, post installation Collate were there with extensive training and support for our staff. The solution from Collate offered powerful reporting tools allowing department heads to interrogate the printing done on each account, take action and limit certain users if ...
Budmouth College
David Bone, Director of HR and Finance,
Weymouth, Dorset
Barrell Tree Consultancy have been sourcing multi-function office machines from Collate Business Systems for almost ten years.  During that time, they have consistently delivered an excellent service with rapid response times.  We have found them to be friendly, helpful and focused on solving any problems that do occur with minimal fuss or inconvenience.  For those reasons, we would not hesitate to recommend them to other businesses in the ...
Barrell Tree Consultancy
Rosalind Barrell, Company Secretary,
Fordingbridge, Hampshire.
United World School of English has used Collate for a number of years. They are friendly, professional and efficient, always happy to help no matter how trivial the problem. We would thoroughly recommend them to any company that is considering using their services.
United World School of English
Yvette, Director of Studies,
Bournemouth, Dorset.
Collate Business Systems have supplied Hearnes Estate Agents since our first day of business back in the 1990’s and still supply all our printing scanning and copying requirements today. They have always supplied both quality products and services to Hearnes and I would strongly recommend them to any company looking for fellow professional’s to deal with.
Hearnes Estate Agents
Sally Gravener, Managing Director,
Bournemouth, Dorset.
Collate Business Systems have supplied Abacus Repro for many years now, they have made efforts to understand our business-constantly monitoring what we do and ensuring we have the correct technology. Their business ethics and attention to customer service is refreshing in this day and age. They are straight forward open and honest. I trust them, I have and will recommend them to any business looking for a partner. They are more than just a ...
Abacus Repro Limited
Kevin Smith,
Salisbury, Wiltshire.
Frost & Company have been using Collate Business Systems for our photocopy and printing needs for close to 20 years and throughout that time have been totally happy with the service we have received. Their response is always rapid and nothing is ever too much trouble. They keep us up to date with the equipment we need but have never been pushy salesmen and it is always a pleasure to deal with them. I have recommended Collate Business Sy...
Frost & Company
Stephen Frost,
Wimborne, Dorset.
Being the largest serviced office complex in South Dorset, we must have excellent copying/printing services for our 50+ tenants.  Collate Business Systems has provided that since we started up in 2007.  They have also helped several of our tenant businesses who have progressed to their own separate requirements.
Lynch Lane Offices Limited
Charlotte Buckle, Director,
Weymouth, Dorset.
We have dealt with Collate Business Systems for all our copying systems since the 1990’s, because they represent service and price = great value for money.
Comms UK Limited
Geoff Timms, Managing Director,
Wimborne, Dorset.
As a company we have been utilising Paula’s professional expertise in printers and consumables for many years.  Whether it’s a toner cartridge for an old workhorse or advice on what new printer to purchase Paula is the person to contact.  We wouldn’t use anyone else.
Northampton Diesel
Claire Payne,
Northampton
I have dealt with Collate Business Systems for a variety of print consumables and machines for many years. They offer great advice on everything from a large format printer to a budget inkjet fax machine, and I have bought many machines from them over the years, at VCP Services. They always recommend the right equipment for the purpose and dealing with them is always a pleasure. As I work around a variety of sites it’s helpful to be able to...
VCP Services LTD
Vince Clamp, Director,
Pennington, Hampshire.
Marden Edwards have a strong and productive relationship with Collate who have supplied us constantly for the past decade or more. We require flexibility around support and that area has been tailored to our needs. Collate are a professional company who seem to instinctively know our pain points and are there on hand to assist. I would say that a key benefit to us as a company is that Collate sales and support operations are seamless and th...
Marden Edwards Ltd
Pierre Daniel, Purchasing Manager,
Wimborne, Dorset.
As a specialist volume printer it was important that Dupli-Service not only had heavy duty equipment, capable of printing high volumes at speed, but that they also had excellent print quality and reliability. In an age of throw away technology, this is often hard to find.
After much research we chose Collate Business Systems Ltd as our supplier early in 2008 and secured both a colour and a mono production machine. As they were Konic...
Dupli-Service
Richard Ferns, Business Owner,
Poole, Dorset.
Craftwood Banqueting Seating Specialists have always dealt with Collate. We find them flexible, always ready to help and nothing is too much trouble. A few years ago we had a temporary office for six months and required a short term rental. Collate provided equipment tailored to the purpose with no contracts. The whole thing was hassle free, just straight forward common sense. I am happy to recommend Collate Business Systems Ltd as they are...
Craftwood Banqueting Seating Specialists
Mandy Lofthouse, Finance Director,
Hurn, Christchurch, Dorset.
The relationship between Kings Bench Chambers and Collate Business Systems dates back to early 2001. Since that date they have provided quality products and service. We require integrity from our suppliers that is beyond reproach, Collate are not found wanting. When we contact them we are not a number in a big system, we are a valued client and made to feel that way, it’s refreshing.
Kings Bench Chambers
Alan Conner, Senior Clerk,
Christchurch, Dorset.
Mortgage Intelligence have worked with the Collate team since March 2000, 14 years and have enjoyed a great working relationship. Collate have always supplied us with quality products - we currently have a number of Konica Minolta Bizhub C224’s and use servicing as is required, via their new remote monitoring system. We are very happy to give Collate our seal of approval. When I call Collate I speak to real people that want to help!
Mortgage Intelligence
Richard Morgan, Project Manager,
Bournemouth, Dorset.
Collate have provided all that I could ask. A professional attitude yet not detached. I know that Collate really care and have revealed this with their approch to after sales service. Collate have shown themselves willing to tackle issues in an innovative and collobrative manner to benefit the school.
Parkstone Grammar School
Gavin Glegg, Administrator,
Poole, Dorset.
We are so pleased with our new printer, this is the first time we have stepped away from our small everyday printers to our new Collate machine, I now wondered why we didn’t do this sooner!!! The information and service we have received has been fantastic. I would definitely recommend Collate to anyone, all the staff have been extremely helpful. Highly recommended!
Rowe Financial & Insurance Services Ltd
Becky Rowe, Director,
Salisbury, Wiltshire.
Collate business systems have supplied Aim Aviation for many years with colour/black and white multi-functional hardware, we are especially pleased with the scanning capabilities of the Bizhub equipment; it is without hesitation I recommend this company and staff.
Aim Aviation
David Ward, Finance Director,
Christchurch, Dorset.
I just wanted to thank you for our new BizHub. Firstly I am really pleased with the machine, we have done a couple of thousand on it already with no hiccups, very straightforward to use and the quality is excellent even on the heavier card stock.
The team at Collate couldn't have been more helpful and they had us up and running in no time.  Excellent service - and a free ipad to boot! Do pass on my thanks. Every dealing we have had ...
PP Printing
Richard Oswald,
Christchurch, Dorset.
I would like to pass on our thanks for Collate delivering an excellent customer service to us today. I reported a fault at 11.47am today and by 13.45, Mark had attended site and our machine had been repaired. Please pass on our thanks to all staff concerned.
Schlumberger
Christine Herring, Facilities Supervisor,
Southampton, Hampshire
Since Collate have installed their Remote Managed Service we no longer have to think about ordering toners, supplying meter readings or reporting any service issues leaving us free to concentrate on our own work.
Mark Pincott MPA Associates
Mark Pincott,
Bournemouth, Dorset.
Read all of our Testimonials
Connect with Collate
Document Solutions Made Simple
Call: 0800 954 8113
Email us: info@collate.co.uk or click here for other ways to contact us