http://www.inetsoft.com/company/policy.jsp#cookies
Create Your Dashboard in
Products
Style Intelligence
Style Scope
Style Report
Live Gallery
Pricing
Solutions
For Your Data
All Data
Big Data
Data Warehouses
In-Cloud and AWS
Machine Learning SQL Databases
For Enterprises
Departments
Finance Reporting
Human Resources
Marketing Analytics
Sales Dashboards
Supply Chain Dashboards
Project Management
Enterprise Asset Management
Capabilites
Ad Hoc Reporting
Analytic Dashboards
Business Activity Monitoring
Data Mashup
Enterprise Reporting
Operational BI
Scorecards & Dashboards
For Your Industry
Banking
Construction
Education
Government
Healthcare
Insurance
Law Firms
Manufacturing
Power & Utilities
Technology
Telecom
OEM & Partners
Embedded Dashboards
Embedded Reporting
Reselling
Company
About Us
Blog
Careers
Contact
Customers
Information
Management
News & Events
Partners
Privacy & Legal
Support
Custom Design
Documentation
Evaluation Resources
Integration Services
Support Portal
Training
Tutorial Videos
Home
Company
> Policy
Privacy Policy, Legal Terms and Agreements
These terms were last updated on February 18, 2019.
The Conditions of Use of this Web Site
This site is owned and operated by InetSoft Technology ("InetSoft"). By using InetSoft's Web site, you signify your assent to these terms of use. If you do not agree to these terms of use, please do not use the site.
Terms for the Use of InetSoft's Web Site
All materials on this Web site are the property of InetSoft unless otherwise specified. No material, text, or images from these pages maybe copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted,
or distributed in any way without InetSoft's prior written consent. InetSoft welcomes inquiries for attributed reproduction of sofware screenshots. Please contact marketing@inetsoft.com for inquiries about reproduction and usage.
Disclaimer
Postings are made at such times as determined by InetSoft in its discretion. Readers should not assume that the information contained on this Web site has been updated or otherwise contains current information. InetSoft does not review past postings to determine whether they remain accurate, and information contained in such postings may have been superseded.
Links to Other Materials
The linked sites are not under the control of InetSoft and InetSoft is not responsible for the content of any linked
site or any link contained in a linked Web site. InetSoft reserves the right to terminate any link or linking program at any time. InetSoft does not endorse companies or products to which it links and reserves the right to note as such on its web pages. If you decide to access any of the third party sites linked to this Web site, you do this entirely at your own risk.
Applicable Laws
This Web site is controlled by InetSoft from its offices within the United States of America. InetSoft makes no representation that materials in the site are appropriate or available for use in other locations, and access to them from territories where their content is illegal is prohibited. Those who choose to access this Web site from other locations do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws. You may not use or export the Materials in violation of U.S. export laws and regulations.
Trademark Notice
Style Intelligence™, Style Scope™, Style Report™, Data Block™, and Visualize Free™ are registered trademarks of InetSoft Technology Corporation. All other company and product names contained herein may be trademarks of their respective owners. The information contained herein is subject to change without notice.
Updates
InetSoft may revise these terms at any time by updating this posting. You should visit this page from time to time to review the then-current terms because they are binding on you. Certain provisions of these terms may be superseded by expressly designated
legal notices or terms located on particular pages at this site.
Privacy Policy
InetSoft is committed to respecting and protecting your privacy. To that end, we have prepared this Privacy Statement to disclose and describe our information gathering and dissemination practices for the Web site.
Personal Information
In general, you may visit our Web site without identifying yourself or revealing any personal information. Some portions of the Web site may require you to register and give us personally identifiable information, which is information that enables us to identify you, such as your name, company name, email, billing address, country, and telephone number. Our primary goal in collecting personal information is to provide you with a smooth, efficient, and customized experience. This allows us to provide services and features that most likely meet your needs, and to customize our service to make your experience easier.
However, privacy is very important to us. We recognize your right to confidentiality and are committed to protecting your privacy. We will not give, loan, or sell any personally identifiable information to any third party, unless legally required to do so. We may store and process personal information to better understand your needs. In addition, we may use the information to contact you. If you use our Web site to receive support services for an InetSoft product that you use, you may be required to supply personal information in order to receive these services via our Web site, and we may use the information in order to perform services to you.
Opting Out and Erasing Data
You may opt out of sales and marketing email communications at any time by going to https://www.inetsoft.com/company/unsubscribe.jsp. Confirmation will be provided. Please note this opt-out will apply to the email address your email is sent from so if you believe we have other addresses or variations of yours, please let us know. If you would also like to opt out of telephone communications or have your data erased, please email marketing@inetsoft.com with your request.
Security Policy
The importance of security for all personally identifiable information associated with our guests is of utmost concern
to us. We use industry standard practices to safeguard the confidentiality of your personally identifiable information,
such as firewalls and Secure Socket Layers. We treat data as an asset that must be protected against loss and unauthorized access. We also employ many different security techniques to protect such data from unauthorized access by users inside and outside InetSoft. However, “perfect security” does not exist on the Internet.
IP Addresses
We collect IP addresses for the purposes of system administration and to report aggregate information. An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the Internet. Web servers – the big computers that “serve” up Web pages – automatically identify your computer by its IP address. When guests request pages from our Web site, our servers log the guests’ IP address. We do not link IP addresses to anything personally identifiable. This means that a user’s session will be logged, but the user remains anonymous to us.
In addition, certain non-personally identifiable information is recorded by the standard operation of our Internet servers. This information allows us to keep our Web site running efficiently. The information we record includes the browser (such as Chrome, Internet Explorer, etc.) and browser display dimensions by the visitor. Another use of this type of information includes the number of visitors to the various pages in our Web site but only in a combined and non-personally-identifiable form. E-mail addresses and other personally identifiable information about visitors to our Web site are known only when voluntarily submitted.
Cookies
We use a feature on your Internet browser called a “cookie.”
Cookies are small files created on your computer’s harddrive. We use cookies to let it know that you are a prior Web site registrant. We also uses cookies to retrieve certain information previously provided by you to our Web site, so that you will not need to re-enter this information every time you visit our Web site. We will not use cookies to store personal/business information.
Unless you specifically tell us, we will never know who you are, even though we may assign the browser on your computer a cookie. With most Internet browsers, you can erase cookies from your computer hard drive, block all cookies, or receive a warning before a cookies is stored. Please refer to your Internet n\browser’s instructions or help screen to learn more about these functions.
We use Google Analytics to analyze how our site is used. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the Web site will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States.
Some of the Google Analytic cookies will remain on your device for up to 2 years. Visit Google privacy policy for information about how Google uses data and you can go to Google Analytics to find out more, including how to opt out.
We use Google Analytics and AdWords remarketing programs which use
cookies to inform, optimize, and serve ads within the Google search and content networks to previous visitors of our site. We do not use any personably identifiable information in conjunction with remarketing. You can visit Google's Ads Settings to find more information on theses cookies, manage the settings or even to opt out.
Use of reCAPTCHA
We use Google's reCAPTCHA service to protect registrations on the Web site from being made by spammers and robots. The Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
External Links
As stated in the terms above, our Web site contains links to other sites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Children's Privacy
InetSoft does not knowingly or intentionally collect information from anyone under the age of 13, and we request that anyone under the age of 13 does not submit personal information. If we become aware that someone under the age of 13 has submitted personal information, we will delete the information from our records.
Acceptance and Changes
By using our Web site, you signify your assent to our Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Web site. We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time based on your comments and our need to accurately reflect our data collection and disclosure practices. All changes will become effective immediately and you will not receive notice of these changes.
Contacting InetSoft
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this Web site,
your dealings with our Web site, or to update or delete your personal information, please email info@inetsoft.com or call +1.732.424.0400.
Awards & Customer Reviews
Create a Dashboard
Register for More Information
Products
Style Intelligence
Style Scope
Style Report
Solutions
For Enterprises
For OEMs
For Your Data
For Your Industry
Eval Resources
Analyst Reports
BI Software Tutorials
Evaluation Download
Evaluation Support
Reviews
> BI Software
> Dashboard Software
> Reporting Software
(Continued)
Intro to Data Intelligence
Short Video Demo
Dashboard Examples
Interactive Examples
Visualization Gallery
White Papers
How InetSoft is Easy
Why InetSoft?
Company
About Us
Blog
Careers
Contact
Customers
Management
News & Events
Partners
Privacy & Legal
Sitemap
Support
Documentation
Tutorial Videos
Support Portal
Consulting Services
Training Services
Copyright ©
2020,
InetSoft Technology Corp.
Copyright ©
2020,
InetSoft Technology Corp.