https://www.eurostep.com/cookie-policy/
Cookie Policy | Eurostep
0Shopping CartAbout us
Who we are
Codex of PLM Openness
Contact us
Career
Industries & Products
Industries
Manufacturing
Defence
Achitecture, Engineering, Construction & Plant
ShareAspace Products
ShareAspace Design to Manufacturing
ShareAspace Export Control
What is the best way to control licensed data?
FAQs
ShareAspace Server
ShareAspace features
Available ShareAspace mappers
FAQs
Services & Training
Services
Training
PLM Collaboration Concepts training
PLCS Training
Customer success
Design and Manufacturing Collaboration
Weda – Supplier collaboration in the manufacturing industry
EGIS – Collaboration in construction projects
Groupe Renault – An automotive alliance product data collaboration
SAAB Kockums – PLM backbone
Scania – Collaboration with Partner
ResCom – PLM for product with multiple life cycles
BAE Systems -Smart Collaboration
Volvo Cars – Handling Complexity of Product Data Across Companies
Siemens Energy – Collaboration with Suppliers and Partners
Kongsberg Protech Systems – Supplier Collaboration
Product Support Collaboration
Royal Navy – Controlled data sharing
SAAB Kockums – External Collaboration
BAE Systems – Through Life Capability
Volvo Powertrain – Supplier Collaboration
French Army SIMMT – OEM Collaboration
FMV – JAS39 Gripen – Configuration Management
SAAB Support and Services – NH90 Automated Change Management
Resources & Papers
Papers
Realizing the BIM Digital Twin and Digital Thread with ShareAspace…
A Digital Thread is for Life – not just Manufacturing
A Master Data Management system with ShareAspace
Enabling effective collaborative working for agile business
Export Control, ITAR and the role of ShareAspace
Getting to a real Digital Twin
PLM in Defence Part 1
PLM in Defence Part 2
Supplier documentation management
Top 5 reasons why your PLM collaboration tool should be a Hub
5 things you need to improve your collaboration with suppliers of complex components.
Webinars
Blogs
Media
News & Events
News
Events
Search
Menu
Menu
TwitterLinkedInYoutube
Cookie Policy
This website, https://eurostep.com uses cookies. By visiting this website you agree to the use of cookies.
What is a cookie?
A cookie is a small text file that a website saves on your computer or mobile device when you visit the website.
Cookies are commonly used to enable the website to remember your actions and preferences (such as login, language, font size and other display preferences) over a period of time, so you don’t have to keep re-entering them whenever you come back to the website or browse from one page to another.
How and which cookies do we use?
WEBSITE ANALYTICS
Analytics cookies collect information of your use of our website. Analytics help us understand what parts of our website are appreciated and what parts are not, for us to improve your experience of the website. It helps us find problems with the website and teaches us what advertisement campaigns are relevant for you and our visitors. Analytics provide us with learnings of overall patterns of the website rather than single users at a time.
This website uses:
Google Analytics – a web analytics service offered by Google Inc. that tracks and reports website traffic. Google Analytics mainly uses first-party cookies to report on visitors interactions on this website.
Crazy Egg – a web analytics service offered by Crazy Egg, Inc. that tracks visitors interactions on https://eurostep.com and the visitors’ sessions. Learn more: https://www.crazyegg.com/privacy
Lead Forensics – a web analytics service that uses IP tracking for identifying businesses and only provides information that is readily available in the public domain. It does not, and cannot, provide individual, personal or sensitive data regarding who has visited our website, and is not the same as cookies. It provides information on which companies have visited our website by identifying them from their IP address. This data may be used by us to contact the business about their experience or for marketing purposes. View Lead Forensics’ Privacy Policy here.
MARKETING AUTOMATION
Cookies from our marketing automation platform are essential for us to be able to provide you with a relevant experience on our website. As you provide us with information by filling out forms on our website, we use this to improve our ability to (a) deliver relevant information on the website, and (b) deliver more relevant advertising messages to you. For example, if you show interest in content regarding a certain topic – we will use that knowledge to guide you towards more content that would be relevant given the interest you have shown.
This website uses Hubspot, a marketing automation tool offered by Hubspot Inc. that uses third-party cookies to track the use of this website.
ONLINE ADVERTISING
Cookies for online advertising are set to display ads based on your activities on our website. These cookies collect information on your activities across our website to deliver relevant targeted advertisements based on your shown interests.
This website uses the following third-party cookies for remarketing:
Google Adwords, an online advertising service offered by Google Inc.
Facebook Ads, an online advertising service offered by Facebook Inc.
Linkedin Ads, an online advertising service offered by Linkedin Inc.
How do I disable cookies?
If you do not accept cookies, you can block them in your browser security settings. However, if you do so, you may be unable to use certain services and features on this website.
More information about how to manage cookie preferences on the most popular browsers can be found here:
Chrome
Firefox
Internet Explorer
Safari
Opera
About usWho we are
Eurostep Codex of PLM Openness (CPO) Statement
Contact us
Career
Industries & ProductsManufacturing Industry
Defence Industry
Achitecture, Engineering and Construction Industry
ShareAspace Design to Manufacturing
ShareAspace Export Control
ShareAspace Server
Services & TrainingServices
Training
Resources & PapersPapers
Customer success
Webinars
Blog
Videos
News & EventsNews
Events
© Copyright - Eurostep
TwitterLinkedInYoutubePrivacy Notice
Cookie Policy
ShareAspace.com
PDT Europe
Scroll to top
We value your privacyThis website stores cookies on your device. These cookies are used to improve our website and provide more personalized services to you, both on this website and through other media. To find out more about the cookies we use, read our Cookie policy. You can disable the non-necessary cookies at any moment.
ACCEPT
Cookie settingsPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.