http://www.teleadapt.com/privacy-policy
Products
Solutions
Support
TeleAdapt
About UsOur ResellersSupportContact Us
Request QuoteProducts
You are here:Home/Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
BACKGROUND:
In line with General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) we have reviewed and updated our policies. Data protection law states that we should only collect and use your personal information if we have a proper reason to do so.
This privacy policy applies between you, an individual representing your employer or solely as a private individual, and us TeleAdapt Limited. It applies to all personal data that you provide to us as a customer or prospective customer or simply as a user of our website.
This privacy notice was last updated on 25 May 2018.
1. Our Privacy Promise
We promise:
To keep your data safe and private
Not to sell or share your data
To provide you with ways to review and manage your marketing choices
2. What information do we record?
2.1 Name, address and contact details
2.2 Financial information, including account information and goods provided
2.3 IP address – automatically collected
2.4 Web browser type – automatically collected
2.5 Operating system – automatically collected
2.6 Referring website addresses
However this information is received we aim to store it securely and accurately, and to keep it up-to-date.
3. Where we collect data
3.1 Information taken during the sales process
3.2 Exhibitions and networking events
3.3 When you use our website
3.4 Data from Industry information resources to help improve our service to you, for legitimate reasons.
4. Our Use of Data
4.1 Unless we are obliged or permitted by law to do so your data will not be disclosed to third parties.
4.2 All personal data is stored securely in accordance with the principles of GDPR. For more details on security see Clause 10 below.
4.3 The data we use is specific for the use, purely on a business to business basis, within the Hotel Industry and can only use your information if we have your consent or have a legitimate interest as an existing or prospective customer of our products. Such data, in addition to that referred to above, is limited to the name and contact details of influencers and decision makers responsible for procurement on behalf of their company. This information is used therefore for:
4.3.1 internal record keeping;
4.3.2 the notification of any new products / services;
4.3.3 transmission by email of promotional materials;
4.3.4 contact for market research purposes which may be done using email, telephone, fax or mail.
5. How long do we hold data?
5.1 We only hold information of persons within the hospitality Industry, details will be removed if a contact publishes a job change or moves out of the hospitality Industry.
5.2 You have the right to ask us to delete or correct any information we hold about you that is incorrect; to restrict the processing of your personal data; and to object to the processing of your data. We will consider and evaluate all such requests received. Such requests should be made to info@teleadapt.com.
6. Unsubscribe from marketing
6.1 Unless you have told us not to, we will send you marketing information relating to products that we think will be of interest and relevant to you, for legitimate reasons. If you change your mind and no longer want to receive these communications please contact info@teleadapt.com.
6.2 You will have an opportunity to unsubscribe to any emails or mailings by clicking on an "unsubscribe" hyperlink contained in promotional emails we send you.
7. Accessing your own data
You have the right to ask for a subject access requests (SARs) of your personal data held by the Company (where such data is held) on payment of a small fee.
8. Third Party Websites and Services
8.1 The Company may, from time to time, employ the services of other parties for dealing with matters that may include, but are not limited to, payment processing, delivery of purchased items, search engine facilities, advertising and marketing. The providers of such services have access to certain personal data provided by users of our website.
8.2 Any data used by such parties is used only to the extent required by them to perform the services that the Company requests. Any use for other purposes is strictly prohibited. Furthermore, any data that is processed by third parties shall be processed within the terms of this Policy and in accordance with GDPR.
9. Links to Other Websites
Our website may, from time to time, provide links to other websites. The Company has no control over such websites and is in no way responsible for the content thereof. This Policy does not extend to your use of such websites. Users are advised to read the privacy policy or statement of other websites prior to using them.
10. Security
Data security is of great importance to the Company and to protect your data we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure any and all of your personal data.
11. Cookies
11.1 Our website may place and access certain Cookies on your computer. The Company uses Cookies to improve your experience of using the website and to improve our range of products and services. The Company has carefully chosen these Cookies and has taken steps to ensure that your privacy is protected and respected at all times.
11.2 Before our website places any Cookies on your computer, subject to subClause 11.4 and sub-Clause 11.7, you will be presented with a prompt requesting your consent to set those Cookies. By giving your consent to the placing of Cookies you are enabling the Company to provide the best possible experience and service to you. You may, if you wish, deny consent to the placing of Cookies; however certain features of the website may not function fully or as intended.
11.3 Our website uses analytics services provided by Google Analytics. Website analytics refers to a set of tools used to collect and analyse usage statistics, enabling us to better understand how users use the website. This, in turn, enables us to improve the website and the products and services offered through it. You do not have to allow us to use these Cookies, as detailed below, however whilst our use of them does not pose any risk to your privacy or your safe use of the website it does enable us to continually improve our business.
11.4 The analytics services used by our website use Cookies to gather the required information. Certain of these Cookies may be placed immediately when you decide to visit the website and it may not be possible to obtain your prior consent. You may remove these Cookies and prevent future use of them by following the steps set out below.
11.5 You can choose to enable or disable Cookies in your internet browser. Most internet browsers also enable you to choose whether you wish to disable all cookies or only third-party cookies. By default, most internet browsers accept Cookies but this can be changed. For further details, please consult the help menu in your internet browser.
11.6 You can choose to delete Cookies at any time however you may lose any information that enables you to access the website more quickly and efficiently including, but not limited to, personalisation settings.
11.7 It is recommended that you ensure that your internet browser is up-to-date and that you consult the help and guidance provided by the developer of your internet browser if you are unsure about adjusting your privacy settings.
12. Changes to this Policy
The Company reserves the right to change this Policy as we may deem necessary from time to time or as may be required by law. Any changes will be immediately posted on the website and you are deemed to have accepted the terms of the Policy on your first use of the website following the alterations.
back to top
HomeProducts Solutions Support Glossary Resellers MediaHub Mini (New)
Contact Us Sale Terms & Conditions Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy News Events Careers