http://www.hiretracknx.com/navigator-systems-ltd-privacy-policy/
+44 (207) 183 0011
+1 (615) 547 1895sales@navigator.co.uk
Navigator Systems Ltd Privacy Policy
Last updated: 25th April 2018
The Navigator Systems Privacy Policy describes the privacy practices of Navigator Systems Ltd’s software and websites
Navigator Systems Ltd is the controller with regard to your personal information collected by Navigator Systems, and the laws of England apply.
Please note that in order to use our software and websites, you authorize Navigator Systems to transfer your personal information across national borders and to other countries where Navigator Systems and its partners operate, including the United States. The privacy protections and rights of authorities to access your information in these countries may not be equivalent to those in your country. We will only transfer your personal information to these countries where permitted to do so by law and we will take steps intended to ensure that your personal information continues to receive appropriate protections.
For more information, please see the section “Does Navigator Systems transfer my personal information across national borders?”
Sections
What does this privacy policy cover?
What information does Navigator Systems collect about me?
How does Navigator Systems use the information it collects about me?
What are cookies and how does Navigator Systems use them?
Does Navigator Systems share my personal information?
Is my personal information displayed anywhere within Navigator Systems apps or websites?
Is my personal information secure?
Where does Navigator Systems store my personal information?
Does Navigator Systems transfer my personal information across national borders?
How can I review or update my personal information or close my Navigator Systems account?
Will Navigator Systems market to me?
Will this privacy policy change?
Who can I contact with questions or concerns?
What does this privacy policy cover?
This privacy policy describes the privacy practices of Navigator Systems’ websites, as well as our desktop software and mobile apps (in this policy, we refer to our desktop software, cloud solutions and mobile apps together as “apps”). This privacy policy also applies to Navigator Systems’ marketing and advertising practices. Additional privacy-related information is provided for certain Navigator Systems apps. Please also see any Product License Agreements that may apply to the app or website you are using.
What information does Navigator Systems collect about me?
When you register to use a Navigator Systems app (either as a full user or as a trial user) or website, or contact us for support, sales information or other offerings, Navigator Systems collects information that identifies you. This includes information such as (but not limited to) your name, company name, email address, telephone number or payment information. We may also sometimes collect other information that does not identify you, such as which types of apps you’re interested in. Some of this information is required and other information is optional. To help keep our databases current and to provide you the most relevant content and experiences, we may combine information provided by you with information from other sources, in accordance with applicable law. For example, from these sources, we may learn about the size, industry, and other information about the company you work for.
Navigator Systems apps and websites
We collect information about how you use our apps and websites, including when you use a desktop app feature that takes you online (such as uploading a database or downloading an update). We may collect information sent by your browser or device to our servers whenever you visit a Navigator Systems website or use a Navigator Systems app. For example, your browser or device may tell us your IP address (which may tell us generally where you are located) and the type of browser and device you used. When you visit a Navigator Systems website, your browser may also tell us information such as the page that led you to our website and, if applicable, the search terms you typed into a search engine that led you to our website. Navigator Systems may collect information about how you use our websites and apps by using cookies and similar technologies, and our servers may collect similar information when you are logged in to the app or website. Depending on the app or website, this information may be anonymous or it may be associated with you
Also, we may use automated systems to analyze your content using techniques such as machine learning in order to improve our apps and websites. This analysis may occur as the content is sent or received using an online feature of a Navigator Systems app or website, or when the content is stored on Navigator Systems or partner’s servers.
Navigator Systems app activation and automatic updates
When you activate your Navigator Systems app or when you install updates to the app, we collect certain information about your device (including your IP address), the Navigator Systems app, and your product serial number. Some of our apps include features that connect to our servers or our partners’ servers to regularly validate your license and offer you the ability to install updates to the app. We may keep track of information such as whether the update was successful or not. We may use the information collected through activation or app updates to validate your copy of the app and confirm that it is genuine and properly licensed.
You may need to agree to our partners privacy policy in order to install or update our apps.
Navigator Systems emails
Emails we send you may include a technology (called a web beacon) that tell Navigator Systems whether you have received or opened the email, or clicked a link in the email. If you do not want us to collect this information from Navigator Systems marketing emails, you can opt out of receiving Navigator Systems marketing emails.
Navigator Systems online advertising
Navigator Systems advertises online in a variety of ways, including displaying Navigator Systems ads to you on other companies’ websites and apps. We collect information such as which ads are displayed, which ads are clicked on, and on where the ad was displayed. Learn more about Navigator Systems’ advertising practices.
Buttons, tools, and content from other companies
Navigator Systems apps and websites may include buttons, tools, or content that link to other companies’ services (for example, a Facebook “Like” button). We may collect information about your use of these features. In addition, when you see or interact with these buttons, tools, or content, or view a Navigator Systems web page or app containing them, some information from your browser may automatically be sent to the other company. Please read that company’s privacy policy for more information.
Navigator Systems social networking pages and social sign-on services
Navigator Systems has its own pages on many social networking sites (for example, the HireTrack NX Facebook page). You may also be able to sign in to a Navigator Systems app or website using a social networking account, such as a Facebook account. We may collect information when you interact with our social networking pages or use these sign-on features. Learn more about Navigator Systems’ social networking practices.
How does Navigator Systems use the information it collects about me?
Navigator Systems uses the information we collect about you in a number of ways, such as:
Providing you with the Navigator Systems apps and websites for which you have registered, as well as any services, support, or information you have requested.
Better understanding how our websites and apps are being used so we can improve them and engage and retain users.
Using automated systems to analyze your content using techniques such as machine learning in order to improve our services. This analysis may occur as the content is sent, received, or when it is stored.
Diagnosing problems in our apps and websites.
Tailoring a website, app, or Navigator Systems ad to your likely interests.
Sending you business messages such as those related to payments or expiration of your support or subscription.
Sending you information about Navigator Systems, new app releases, special offers, and similar information.
Conducting market research about our customers, their interests, and the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns.
Reducing fraud, software piracy, and protecting you as well as Navigator Systems.
As further described for a specific  Navigator Systems app or website (including partner website used to provide services such as technical support).
What are cookies and how does Navigator Systems use them?
As with most websites, Navigator Systems uses cookies and similar technologies to make our websites work as well as to learn more about our users and their likely interests.
Navigator Systems websites may also use cookies and similar technologies from other companies that allow us to gather additional information to measure the effectiveness of our advertising and to target our advertising to you in the future.
Does Navigator Systems share my personal information?
Navigator Systems works with companies that help us run our business and allow us to offer enhanced services; such as being able to provide support over longer hours by using our resellers’ support teams in different timezones. These companies provide services such as delivering customer support, processing credit card payments, and sending emails on our behalf and some of this functionality may be hosted on systems outside of the UK. In some cases, these companies have access to some of your personal information in order to provide services to you on our behalf. They are not permitted to use your information for their own purposes.
Navigator Systems may also share your personal information:
When you agreed to the sharing.
Within the Navigator Systems family of companies for purposes described in this privacy policy.
With our resellers and other sales partners if you are a business customer and agreed to receive Navigator Systems marketing communications. Note that we do not share personal information with third parties for their own marketing purposes.
When we are required to provide information in response to a subpoena, court order, or other applicable law or legal process.
When we have a good faith belief that the disclosure is necessary to prevent or respond to fraud, defend our apps or websites against attacks, or protect the property and safety of Navigator Systems, our customers and users, or the public.
If we merge with or are acquired by another company, sell a Navigator Systems website, app, or business unit, or if all or a substantial portion of our assets are acquired by another company. In those cases your information will likely be one of the assets that is transferred.
We may share or publish aggregate information that doesn’t specifically identify you, such as statistical information about visitors to our websites or statistical information about how customers use our apps.
Is my personal information displayed anywhere on Navigator Systems websites or applications?
There are several places within Navigator Systems websites and apps that allow you to post comments, upload pictures, or submit content for others to see. Sometimes you can limit who can see what you share, but there are some places where what you share can be seen by the general public or other users of the app or website. Please be careful when you share your personal information. Do not share anything you wouldn’t want publicly known unless you are sure you are posting it within an app or website that allows you to control who sees what you post. Please note that when you post messages on certain user forums on our websites and apps, your email address or name may be included and displayed with your message.
Is my personal information secure?
We understand that the security of your personal information is important. We provide reasonable administrative, technical, and physical security controls to protect your personal information. However, despite our efforts, no security controls are 100% effective and Navigator Systems cannot ensure or warrant the security of your personal information.
Where does Navigator Systems store my personal information?
Your personal information and files are stored on Navigator Systems computers, servers and the servers of companies we hire to provide services to us. Your personal information may be transferred across national borders because we have servers located worldwide and the companies we hire to help us run our business are located in different countries around the world.
Does Navigator Systems transfer my personal information across national borders?
We may transfer your personal information across national borders to other countries in compliance with applicable laws.
When Navigator Systems transfers your personal information from the European Economic Area (EEA) or Switzerland to a non-EEA country, we rely on one or more of the following legal mechanisms: the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield, Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield, Standard Contractual Clauses, and your consent.
If the content or data that you store on Navigator Systems apps or websites contains the personal information of individuals from the EEA , you agree that you have the legal authority to transfer the personal information to Navigator Systems, including the transfer to countries such as the United States where the privacy protections and rights of authorities to access personal data may not be equivalent to those in the EEA.
How can I review or update my personal information or close my Navigator Systems account?
Under the law of some countries, you may have the right to access the information Navigator Systems holds about you, correct mistakes in that information, and to delete personal information that we no longer have business reasons for retaining. Many of our websites and apps allow you to edit your personal information by accessing the “my account,” “my profile,” or a similar feature of the app or website you are using. Likewise, you can delete files or photos you have stored in our websites and apps by logging in and using the deletion functions they make available.
To request that we remove your email address from our marketing database, deactivate your Navigator Systems account, or provide you a copy of your personal information, please email your request to privacy@navigator.co.uk. Please note that we need to retain certain information about you for legal and internal business reasons, such as fraud prevention. We will retain your personal information for as long as necessary to provide you or your employer with the websites and apps you are eligible to use and as needed to comply with our legal obligations and enforce our agreements.
Will Navigator Systems market to me?
The Navigator Systems family of companies and companies we hire to help us market our websites and apps on our behalf may use your information to provide you with information and offers related to Navigator System. You may opt-out of marketing information at any time.
Will this privacy policy change?
Occasionally, we may change this privacy policy to allow Navigator Systems to use or share your personal information in a different way. If we do, the links to the policy on our websites (which are generally found in the footer of the website) will indicate that the policy has been changed. For new users, the change will become effective upon posting. For existing users, if the change is significant, it will become effective 30 days after posting.
Who can I contact with questions or concerns?
If you have a privacy question or concern, please email us at privacy@navigator.co.uk
Communication from Navigator Systems Ltd
You can also tell us to stop sending you marketing emails by clicking the unsubscribe link included at the bottom of Navigator Systems marketing emails.
In some cases, Navigator Systems needs to send you “transactional” emails relating to normal business operations. For example, we may email you to inform you that your subscription is expiring or in response to a support issue. You cannot opt out of these emails.
Cookies
Cookies are small text files stored by your web browser when you use websites. You can control how websites use cookies by configuring your browser’s privacy settings (please refer to your browser’s help function to learn more about cookie controls). Note that if you disable cookies entirely, Navigator Systems’ websites may not function properly.
Navigator Systems and the companies that help us run our business use cookies in several ways, such as:
Authenticating and identifying you on our websites so we can provide you the services you requested
Keeping track of information you have provided to us
Providing you with the Navigator Systems websites that you use
Remembering your preferences or where you left off in your use of a Navigator Systems website
Measuring your use of Navigator Systems websites so that we can improve them and tailor our websites to your likely interests
Understanding your likely interests so we can provide you more relevant Navigator Systems ads and content on Navigator Systems websites and in non-Navigator Systems apps.
Web beacons and embedded scripts
Web beacons and embedded scripts are other technologies that we use in our websites, as well as in some of our emails and ads.
Web beacons (or “tags”) are bits of programming code included in web pages, emails, and ads that notify Navigator Systems (or the companies that help us run our business) when those web pages, emails, or ads have been viewed or clicked on.
Embedded scripts are bits of programming code included within some of our web pages that measure how you use those web pages, such as which links you click. We use this information to improve our websites, tailor our websites to your likely interests, and conduct market research. You may be able to turn off scripting functionality, such as JavaScript, within your browser (please refer to your browser’s help function). Note that if you disable scripting functionality, some Navigator Systems websites may not function properly.
Navigator Systems marketing and advertising practices
We may reach out to you in different ways, for example, to tell you about a new Navigator Systems app we think you’d be interested in, or to show you how to use a particular feature we think you may enjoy. However, you can also let us know that you’d rather not hear from us with this type of communication.
Navigator Systems email, telephone, and postal mail marketing
If you agree to receive email, telephone, or postal mail marketing from us, we try to make it useful for you based on your likely interests. Please let us know if you’d rather not hear from us. If you are a business customer and agreed to receive Navigator Systems marketing communications, we may share your information with our resellers and other sales partners. We do not share personal information about consumers with third parties for their own marketing purposes.
Tailoring Navigator Systems apps and websites to your interests
When you are using a Navigator Systems app or website, we may show you content, offers, or recommendations that are based on your likely interests.
Navigator Systems interest-based advertising
Navigator Systems runs online ad campaigns that display ads for you based on your likely interests. We may learn your likely interests when you use our apps and websites. We also acquire information from other companies that gives us more insight about your likely interests based on your activity on non-Navigator Systems web pages and mobile apps. These types of ads are often called “interest-based ads” or “online behavioral advertising.” We use ad platforms to display Navigator Systems ads on non-Navigator Systems web pages and in non-Navigator Systems apps.
The ad platforms we hire to display these ads set their own cookies, web beacons, and other identifiers to measure the effectiveness of these ads and to understand your likely interests. We and our ad platforms learn information such as which Navigator Systems ads are shown to you, which ads are clicked on, and on which web page or in which app they were displayed.
The ad platforms we hire may also use technology that helps them identify devices and browsers that are being used by the same person. We may use these ad platforms to display ads to you on non-Navigator Systems websites or apps, which are tailored to you based on your use of our websites and apps on your various devices and browsers.
Navigator Systems also runs other kinds of online ad campaigns on social networking websites and other non-Navigator Systems websites and apps. Some of these ads may be based on information we have about users (for example, customers who have an outdated version of HireTrack may see an ad for the latest version). These ads may also be based on information the user provided to the third-party website or app (for example, Equipment Hire Managers on LinkedIn may see an ad for HireTrack NX). If Navigator Systems provides information to a website or app for these advertising purposes, the information may only be used to display the Navigator Systems ad. Please see the privacy policy of the website or app where a Navigator Systems ad is shown for more information about its privacy practices and privacy choices it may offer.
At this time, Navigator Systems websites do not respond to browser “Do Not Track” signals.
Please be aware that personal information you make available via social media apps and websites may be viewed, collected, and used by us and others. Collection and sharing of personal information on social media apps and websites is governed by the privacy policy and practices of the social media provider.
Navigator Systems may collect information about you in connection with social networking sites in several ways, including:
When you sign in to a Navigator Systems app or website using a social networking account, such as a Facebook account. These social networking sign-in features may also enable a Navigator Systems account to be created more easily by using the information you provided to the social networking site
When you use a Navigator Systems app on a social networking site or choose to join (or “like”) a Navigator Systems page on a social networking site (such as the HireTrack NX page on Facebook). In these situations, the social networking site may make some information about you available to Navigator Systems. Please see the privacy policy for the social networking site to learn more
When you interact with a Navigator Systems social networking page or content, we may use cookies to learn which links you clicked.
When you make information publicly available on your social networking page
We use this information for purposes described in this Privacy Policy.
To learn more about the privacy practices of a social networking site on which you interact with Navigator Systems, please refer to the privacy policy for that social networking site.
This site uses cookies:
Find out more.Okay, thanks