http://www.bestsearchers.com/privacy.php
Add to Favorites |
Site Guide |
About Us |
Contact Us
The best Websites, online Shops, Search Engines & Directories
BestSearchers.com - Your Starting Point to the Web!
Home
Best Sites
Best Stores
All Sites
Best General Search
Best Special Search
Auctions |
Autos |
Computers |
Dictionaries |
Games |
Gifts |
Health |
Internet |
Investing |
Jobs |
Jokes |
Law |
News |
Sports |
Travel |
Weather | » more…
BestSearchers Privacy Policy
We respect and are committed to protecting your privacy.  Please read the following to learn more about our privacy policy.
What This Privacy Policy Covers
This policy covers how BestSearchers treats personal information that BestSearchers collects and
receives. Personal information is information about you that is personally identifiable like your name, address,
email address, or phone number, and that is not otherwise publicly available.
This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that BestSearchers does not own or control,
or to people that BestSearchers does not employ or manage.
General information
When you visit an internet website, you disclose automatically certain information about yourself, such as your
IP (Internet Protocol) address, the time of your visit, and the referring location (e.g., the website
or page that offered a link to a BestSearchers page).   Like most other sites, we record this basic
information about visits on our server logs.
Email information
We use email links and forms located on this site to allow you to contact us directly via email. We use the
information provided in your email to respond to your questions or comments. We may also store your
questions, comments and suggestions for future reference.
Cookie information
A cookie is a small amount of data, which often includes an anonymous unique identifier, that is
sent to your browser from a web site's computers and stored on your computer's hard drive.
BestSearchers may use cookies to store and track information. Advertising networks and other companies that show advertisements on some of our pages
may set and access their cookies on your computer. The use of their cookies is subject to their own privacy policies, not this one.
Advertisers or other companies do not have access to BestSearchers cookies.
Information Use
BestSearchers may use information for the following general purposes: to improve our services, conduct research, contact
you (if you asked a question),  customize the
content and advertising you see, and provide anonymous reporting for internal and external clients.
Confidentiality and Security
The privacy and protection of your personal information is vitally important to
us.
We limit access to personal information about you to employees who we believe reasonably need
to come into contact with that information to provide products or services to you or in order to
do their jobs.
BestSearchers does not make personal information available to any third parties
without your
explicit permission. Any user statistics that we may provide to prospective
advertisers or partners regarding your
BestSearchers usage are provided in the
aggregate only and do not include any personally identifiable information about
any individual user.
Links
This website may contain links to other websites. Please note that when you click on one of these
links, you are entering another website. We encourage you to read the privacy statements of these
linked websites as their privacy policy may differ from ours.
Advertising
We use third-party advertising companies (e.g. Google) to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.
Google Advertising cookie
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site.
Google's use of the DoubleClick DART cookie enables it to serve ads to users based on their visit to our sites and other sites on the Internet.
Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
BestSearchers may update this policy. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we
treat personal information by sending a notice to all the email addresses we have in our database
and/or posting a prominent announcement on our pages.
Home
Best Websites
This menu lists only the most popular topics.
Browse the full directory:
• Alphabetically or
• by Category
Auctions
Autos
Dictionaries
Encyclopedias
Games
Gifts
Computer Hardware
Computer Software
Health
Internet
Investing
Job Search
Jokes
Law
Movies
Music
News
Photography
Shopping
• Auctions
• Beauty products
• Books
• Flowers
• Games
• Gifts
• Jewelry & Watches
• Magazines
• Music
• Phones, cards,..
• Toys
• Travel
• more shopping..
Sports
Television
Travel
Weather
more..
Best General Searchers
Introduction
All-in-One page
Search Engines
Directories
Meta-Search
Q&A Engines
more...
Best Specialized Searchers
This menu lists only the most popular topics.
Click here for all topics.
Dating sites
Legal Portals
SEs for Kids
SEs for Students
White pages
Yellow pages
more...
Home |
Top of Page
Copyright © 2002-2020 BestSearchers.  All rights reserved.
Contact Us |
About Us |
Link To Us |
Bookmark Us |
Make Us Your Home page
Privacy Policy |
Terms of Use