http://www.softlakecity.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy - softlakecity.com
Skip to content
Friday, Oct 9, 2020
softlakecity.com
Business & Finance! Pure genius.
Business
Business Entrepreneur
Business Intelligence
Finance
General Article
Insurance
Search for:
Trending Now
1
10 High Crowdfunding Web sites For Entrepreneurs
2 years ago
2
Business & Finance Kinds Division Of Business And Finance
8 months ago
3
BFC Business & Finance Consulting
2 years ago
4
Division Of Enterprise & Finance CSU, Chico
2 years ago
5
thirteen Crowdfunding Web sites To Fund Your Enterprise
9 months ago
6
Accounting & Finance Jobs
2 years ago
7
Newest Enterprise & Finance And Accounting News From ACCA
4 months ago
8
10 Greatest Crowdfunding Websites For Startups
1 year ago
9
Free Enterprise & Finance Vector Icon Set
10 months ago
10
5 Vital Enterprise Ideas For Designers
2 years ago
11
Latest Enterprise & Finance And Accounting Information From ACCA
2 years ago
12
A Complete Guide To Professional, Vocational
1 year ago
HomePrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy for softlakecity
At softlakecity.com, accessible from http://www.softlakecity.com, one of our main priorities is the privacy of our visitors. This Privacy Policy document contains types of information that is collected and recorded by softlakecity.com and how we use it.
If you have additional questions or require more information about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us.
Log Files
softlakecity.com follows a standard procedure of using log files. These files log visitors when they visit websites. All hosting companies do this and a part of hosting services’ analytics. The information collected by log files include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date and time stamp, referring/exit pages, and possibly the number of clicks. These are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable. The purpose of the information is for analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking users’ movement on the website, and gathering demographic information.
Cookies and Web Beacons
Like any other website, softlakecity.com uses ‘cookies’. These cookies are used to store information including visitors’ preferences, and the pages on the website that the visitor accessed or visited. The information is used to optimize the users’ experience by customizing our web page content based on visitors’ browser type and/or other information.
Our Advertising Partners
Some of advertisers on our site may use cookies and web beacons. Our advertising partners are listed below. Each of our advertising partners has their own Privacy Policy for their policies on user data. For easier access, we hyperlinked to their Privacy Policies below.
Google
https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads
Privacy Policies
You may consult this list to find the Privacy Policy for each of the advertising partners of softlakecity.com.
Third-party ad servers or ad networks uses technologies like cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons that are used in their respective advertisements and links that appear on softlakecity.com, which are sent directly to users’ browser. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. These technologies are used to measure the effectiveness of their advertising campaigns and/or to personalize the advertising content that you see on websites that you visit.
Note that softlakecity.com has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.
Third Party Privacy Policies
softlakecity.com’s Privacy Policy does not apply to other advertisers or websites. Thus, we are advising you to consult the respective Privacy Policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information. It may include their practices and instructions about how to opt-out of certain options. You may find a complete list of these Privacy Policies and their links here: Privacy Policy Links.
You can choose to disable cookies through your individual browser options. To know more detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers, it can be found at the browsers’ respective websites. What Are Cookies?
Children’s Information
Another part of our priority is adding protection for children while using the internet. We encourage parents and guardians to observe, participate in, and/or monitor and guide their online activity.
softlakecity.com does not knowingly collect any Personal Identifiable Information from children under the age of 13. If you think that your child provided this kind of information on our website, we strongly encourage you to contact us immediately and we will do our best efforts to promptly remove such information from our records.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This Privacy Policy applies only to our online activities and is valid for visitors to our website with regards to the information that they shared and/or collect in softlakecity.com. This policy is not applicable to any information collected offline or via channels other than this website.
Consent
By using our website, you hereby consent to our Privacy Policy and agree to its Terms and Conditions.
Search for:
Recent Posts
Setting Up the Perfect Home Office
Seoneedthis.info is a place to learn Search Engine and does not sell and buy SEO services
Business And Monetary Information
Enterprise And Monetary Information
Know-how
Archives
September 2020
July 2020
June 2020
May 2020
April 2020
March 2020
February 2020
January 2020
December 2019
November 2019
October 2019
September 2019
August 2019
July 2019
June 2019
May 2019
April 2019
March 2019
February 2019
January 2019
December 2018
Categories
Business
Business Entrepreneur
Business Intelligence
Finance
General Article
Insurance
October 2020
M
T
W
T
F
S
S
1234
567891011
12131415161718
19202122232425
262728293031
« Sep
Tagsaccounting
affairs
analysis
awards
breaking
business
crowdfunding
demand
division
enterprise
expertise
filmmaking
fin24
finance
financial
funding
future
guide
information
institute
international
internet
journal
legislation
london
malaysia
monetary
north
powerpoint
quantity
research
sites
society
startups
symposium
technical
templates
test4
updates
websites
whats
wordpress
world
worldwide
years
About UsAdvertise Here
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Sitemap
softlakecity.com
WordPress Theme: Seek by ThemeInWP