http://www.simonwhatley.co.uk/privacy/
Skip to main contentPrivacy policyThis is the privacy policy for simonwhatley.co.uk. I wrote it with clarity and brevity in mind and does not provide exhaustive detail of all aspects of my collection and use of personal information. I’m happy to provide any additional information or explanation needed beyond that. The privacy notice is valid from 1st January 2020. I keep my privacy policy under regular review, it was last updated in January 2020.How I use your informationThis privacy notice tells you what to expect when simonwhatley.co.uk (operated by Simon Whatley) collects personal information. It applies to information I collect about:people who visit my website and social media channelspeople who email mepeople who use my services (including my newsletter)This privacy notice does not apply to businesses or organisations.Under the General Data Protection Regulation individuals have the right to make a request for information, rectification, erasure, restriction, transfer, and/or object to the processing of their data. If this concerns you, please see more information about your rights and how to use them below.People who visit my websiteI use a third-party service, Netlify, to host my website simonwhatley.co.uk.When someone visits my website I use a third party service, Google Analytics, to collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behaviour patterns. I do this to find out things such as the number of visitors to the various parts of the site. This information is processed in a way that does not identify anyone. I do not make, and do not allow Google to make, any attempt to find out the identities of those visiting my website. If I do want to collect personally identifiable information through my website, I will be up front about this and ask for your explicit consent.I will make it clear when I collect personal information and will explain what I intend to do with it.My website uses cookies to save browsing preferences and to optimise users’ browsing experience. You can read more about how I use cookies in my cookie policy.I use a third party service to help maintain the security and performance of simonwhatley.co.uk. To deliver this service it processes the IP addresses of visitors to the website.This privacy notice does not cover the links within this site linking to other websites. We encourage you to read the privacy statements on the other websites you visit.People who email meI use a third party provider, Gmail, for my email services. Gmail uses a Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) to encrypt and protect email traffic. However, you should be aware that any emails I send or receive may not be protected in transit. I will also monitor any emails sent to us, including file attachments, for viruses or malicious software.People who use my servicesI provide services to the public, such as subscribing to my newsletter. I have to hold the details of the people who have requested the service in order to provide it. However, I only use these details to provide the service the person has requested and for other closely related purposes. For example, I might use information about people who have signed up to my newsletter to carry out a survey to find out if they are happy with the content they receive. It will not be disclosed or shared for any other purpose. When people do subscribe to my services, they can cancel their subscription at any time and are given an easy way of doing this.Access to your dataUnder the General Data Protection Regulation individuals have the right to make a request for information, rectification, erasure, restriction, transfer, and/or object to the processing of their data. Find out more about your rights on the Information Commissioner’s Office website.A request for any of the above can be done verbally or in writing by using my contact details. In order to fulfil the request I must be able to verify your identity and I may ask for further details about you and your contact with me. I will respond to a request within one calendar month of receiving it, free of charge. However, if the request is complex or there are numerous requests I may extend this deadline by a further two months and/or charge a fee. I will notify you if this is the case and explain why.Complaints or queriesI try to meet the highest standards when collecting and using personal information. For this reason, I take any complaints I receive about this very seriously. I encourage people to bring it to my attention by using my contact details if they think that my collection or use of information is unfair, misleading, or inappropriate.Are you building something interesting?Get in touch