http://www.musiclab.com/support/privacy-policy.html
Log in
This website uses cookies so that you can place orders and to give you the best browsing experience possible.
By continuing to browse you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Full details can be found here.
ACCEPT
PRODUCTS
RealGuitar
RealStrat
RealLPC
RealRick
RealEight
DOWNLOAD
BUY
FORUM
NEWS
SUPPORT
My Account
Privacy Policy
Product FAQ
Order Care Center
Contact Us
Register
MusicLab Privacy Policy
We have updated our Privacy Policy to provide a better overview of what information we collect and why we collect it. We value your privacy, and believe that the additional transparency required by EU’s General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR) law can only be a good thing, irrespective of where you live.
Your experience using MusicLab site will not change. Nothing has changed regarding the information we collect and what we do with it. We are giving you more information so that you can better understand how we collect and use your personal information and what your rights are in relation to the personal data we have collected.
Please read this document for details. You can withdraw your consent or object to us processing your personal information at any time by contacting us via the form
ACCEPT
Privacy Policy
MusicLab Privacy Policy
This privacy statement discloses our information
gathering and dissemination practices for musiclab.com
web site ("Website"). Upon reading this document, you will learn
what personally identifiable information
is collected from you through this Website, how the information
is used and
organized, with whom it may be shared, what choices are
available to you
regarding collection, use, distribution, correction, access and
deletion of the information.
Types of Data collected
Among the types of Personal Data that this
Website collects, by itself or through third parties, there are:
Cookies, Usage
Data, email address, first name and last name and general
activity data.
Complete details on each type of Personal Data
collected are provided in the dedicated sections of this privacy
policy or by
specific explanation texts displayed prior to the Data
collection.
Personal Data may be freely provided by the
User, or, in case of Usage Data, collected automatically when
using this
Website.
Unless specified otherwise, all Data requested
by this Website is mandatory and failure to provide this Data
may make it
impossible for this Website to provide its services. In cases
where this
Website specifically states that some Data is not mandatory,
Users are free not
to communicate this Data without consequences to the
availability or the
functioning of the Service.
Users who are uncertain about which Personal
Data is mandatory are welcome to contact the MusicLab.
Any use of Cookies - or of other tracking tools
- by this Website or by the owners of third-party services used
by this Website
serves the purpose of providing the Service required by the
User, in addition
to any other purposes described in the present document and in
the Cookie
Policy, if available.
Users are responsible for any third-party
Personal Data obtained, published or shared through this Website
and confirm
that they have the third party's consent to provide the Data to
the MusicLab.
Mode and place of processing the Data
Methods of processing
MusicLab takes appropriate security measures to
prevent unauthorized access, disclosure, modification, or
unauthorized
destruction of the Data.
The Data processing is carried out using
computers and/or IT enabled tools, following organizational
procedures and
modes strictly related to the purposes indicated. In addition to
MusicLab, in
some cases, the Data may be accessible to certain types of
persons in charge,
involved with the operation of this Website (administration,
sales, marketing,
legal, system administration) or external parties (such as
third-party
technical service providers, mail carriers, hosting providers,
IT companies,
communications agencies) appointed, if necessary, as Data
Processors by
MusicLab. The updated list of these parties may be requested
from MusicLab at
any time.
Legal basis of processing
MusicLab may process Personal Data relating to
Users if one of the following applies:
Users have given their consent for one or more specific
purposes. Note: Under some legislations MusicLab may be
allowed to process
Personal Data until the User objects to such processing
("opt-out"), without
having to rely on consent or any other of the following legal
bases. This,
however, does not apply, whenever the processing of Personal
Data is subject to
European data protection law;
provision of Data is necessary for the
performance of an agreement with the User and/or for any
pre-contractual
obligations thereof;
processing is necessary for compliance with a
legal obligation to which MusicLab is subject;
processing is related to a task that is carried
out in the public interest or in the exercise of official
authority vested in
MusicLab;
processing is necessary for the purposes of the
legitimate interests pursued by MusicLab or by a third party.
In any case, MusicLab will gladly help to
clarify the specific legal basis that applies to the processing,
and in
particular whether the provision of Personal Data is a statutory
or contractual
requirement, or a requirement necessary to enter into a
contract.
Place
The Data is processed at MusicLab's operating
offices and in any other places where the parties involved in
the processing
are located.
Depending on the User's location, data transfers
may involve transferring the User's Data to a country other than
their own. To
find out more about the place of processing of such transferred
Data, Users can
check the section containing details about the processing of
Personal Data.
Users are also entitled to learn about the legal
basis of Data transfers to a country outside the European Union
or to any
international organization governed by public international law
or set up by
two or more countries, such as the UN, and about the security
measures taken by
MusicLab to safeguard their Data.
If any such transfer takes place, Users can find
out more by checking the relevant sections of this document or
inquire with
MusicLab using the information provided in the contact section.
Retention time
Personal Data shall be processed and stored for
as long as required by the purpose they have been collected for.
Therefore:
Personal Data collected for purposes related to
the performance of a contract between MusicLab and the User
shall be retained
until such contract has been fully performed.
Personal Data collected for the purposes of
MusicLab's legitimate interests shall be retained as long as
needed to fulfill
such purposes. Users may find specific information regarding the
legitimate
interests pursued by MusicLab within the relevant sections of
this document or
by contacting MusicLab.
MusicLab may be allowed to retain Personal Data
for a longer period whenever the User has given consent to such
processing, as
long as such consent is not withdrawn. Furthermore, MusicLab may
be obliged to
retain Personal Data for a longer period whenever required to do
so for the
performance of a legal obligation or upon order of an authority.
Once the retention period expires, Personal Data
shall be deleted. Therefore, the right to access, the right to
erasure, the
right to rectification and the right to data portability cannot
be enforced
after expiration of the retention period.
The purposes of processing
The Data concerning the User is collected to
allow MusicLab to provide its Services, as well as for the
following purposes:
Analytics, Managing contacts and sending messages, Contacting
the User and
Managing support and contact requests.
Users can find further detailed information
about such purposes of processing and about the specific
Personal Data used for
each purpose in the respective sections of this document.
Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data
Personal Data is collected for the following
purposes and using the following services: Managing contacts,
purchases, and sending
messages; Managing support and contact requests; Analytics;
Visitor Action
Pixel; Tag Management.
Managing contacts, purchases, and sending messages
This type of service makes it possible to manage
a database of email contacts, phone contacts or any other
contact information
to communicate with the User.
These services may also collect data concerning
the date and time when the message was viewed by the User, as
well as when the
User interacted with it, such as by clicking on links included
in the message.
Contact form
By filling in the contact form with their Data,
the User authorizes this Website to use these details to reply
to requests for
information, quotes or any other kind of request as indicated by
the form's
header.
Personal Data collected: email address, first name and last
name, product
license number (optional).
Customer personal page
By purchasing MusicLab Product license from this
Website or registering a purchase of MusicLab Product license
made via MusicLab
Partner, the User authorizes this Website to use order Data to
create the
customer personal page and provide facilities to download
product installers,
updates, license files and to give access to special offers for
other MusicLab
Product.
Personal Data collected: email address, first
name and last name, company name (optional), physical address
(optional), date
of purchase, product license number.
Net Atlantic (Net Atlantic,
Inc.)
Net Atlantic is an email address management and
message sending service provided by The Net Atlantic, Inc.
Personal Data collected: email address, first name and last
name.
Place of processing: United States - Privacy
Policy.
Managing support and contact requests
This service allows this Website to manage
support and contact requests received via email or by other
means, such as the
contact form.
The Personal Data processed depend on the
information provided by the User in the messages and the means
used for
communication (e.g. email address).
Personal Data collected: email address, first
name and last name, product license number (optional).
Analytics - Google Analytics (Google Inc.)
This service enable MusicLab to monitor and
analyze web traffic and can be used to keep track of User
behavior. Google
Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google Inc.
("Google"). Google utilizes the Data collected to
track and examine the use of this Website, to prepare reports on
its activities
and share them with other Google services.
Google may use the Data collected to
contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising
network.
Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing: United States - Privacy
Policy - Opt Out. Privacy Shield
participant.
Visitor Action Pixel - Facebook (Facebook Inc.)
We use the "visitor action pixels" from Facebook
Inc (1 Hacker Way, Menlo Park, CA 94025, USA, or, if you are
based in the EU,
Facebook Ireland Ltd., 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal
Harbour, Dublin 2,
Ireland ("Facebook")) on our
website.
This allows user behavior to be tracked after
they have been redirected to the provider's website by clicking
on a Facebook
ad. This enables us to measure the effectiveness of Facebook ads
for
statistical and market research purposes. The data collected in
this way is
anonymous to us, i.e. we do not see the personal data of
individual users.
However, this data is stored and processed by Facebook, which is
why we are
informing you, based on our knowledge of the situation. Facebook
may link this
information to your Facebook account and also use it for its own
promotional
purposes, in accordance with Facebook's Data Usage Policy. You can allow
Facebook and its partners to place ads on and off
Facebook. A cookie may also be stored on your computer for these
purposes.
The legal basis for the use of this service is
Art. 6 paragraph 1 sentence 1 letter f GDPR. You can object to
the collection
of your data by Facebook pixel, or to the use of your data for
the purpose of
displaying Facebook ads by contacting the following address: https://www.facebook.com/settings?tab=ads.
Facebook is certified under the Privacy Shield
Agreement and thus guarantees compliance with European data protection
legislation.
Tag Management
This type of service helps MusicLab to manage
the tags or scripts needed on this Website in a centralized
fashion. This
results in the Users' Data flowing through these services,
potentially
resulting in the retention of this Data.
Google Tag
Manager (Google LLC)
Google Tag Manager is a tag management service
provided by Google LLC.
Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing: United States - Privacy Policy. Privacy Shield
participant.
The rights of Users
Users may exercise certain rights regarding
their Data processed by MusicLab.
In particular, Users have the right to do the
following:
Withdraw their consent at
any time. Users have the right to withdraw
consent where they have previously given their consent to the
processing of
their Personal Data.
Object to processing of
their Data. Users have the right to object
to the processing of their Data if the processing is carried
out on a legal
basis other than consent. Further details are provided in the
dedicated section
below.
Access their Data. Users have the right to learn if
Data is being processed by
MusicLab, obtain disclosure regarding certain aspects of the
processing and
obtain a copy of the Data undergoing processing.
Verify and seek
rectification. Users have the right to
verify the accuracy of their Data and ask for it to be updated
or corrected.
Restrict the processing of
their Data. Users have the right, under
certain circumstances, to restrict the processing of their
Data. In this case,
MusicLab will not process their Data for any purpose other
than storing it.
Have their Personal Data
deleted or otherwise removed. Users have the
right, under certain circumstances, to obtain the erasure of
their Data from
MusicLab.
Receive their Data and have
it transferred to another controller. Users
have the right to receive their Data in a structured, commonly
used and machine
readable format and, if technically feasible, to have it
transmitted to another
controller without any hindrance. This provision is applicable
provided that
the Data is processed by automated means and that the
processing is based on
the User's consent, on a contract which the User is part of or
on
pre-contractual obligations thereof.
Lodge a complaint. Users have the right to bring a
claim before their competent data
protection authority.
Details about the right to object to processing
Where Personal Data is processed for a public
interest, in the exercise of an official authority vested in
MusicLab or for
the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by MusicLab,
Users may object
to such processing by providing a ground related to their
particular situation
to justify the objection.
Users must know that, however, should their
Personal Data be processed for direct marketing purposes, they
can object to
that processing at any time without providing any justification.
To learn,
whether MusicLab is processing Personal Data for direct
marketing purposes,
Users may refer to the relevant sections of this document.
How to exercise these rights
Any requests to exercise User rights can be
directed to MusicLab through the contact details provided in
this document.
These requests can be exercised free of charge and will be
addressed by
MusicLab as early as possible and always within one month.
Additional information about Data collection and processing
Legal action
The User's Personal Data may be used for legal
purposes by MusicLab in Court or in the stages leading to
possible legal action
arising from improper use of this Website or the related
Services.
The User declares to be aware that MusicLab may
be required to reveal personal data upon request of public
authorities.
Additional information about User's Personal Data
In addition to the information contained in this
privacy policy, this Website may provide the User with
additional and
contextual information concerning particular Services or the
collection and
processing of Personal Data upon request.
System logs and maintenance
For operation and maintenance purposes, this
Website and any third-party services may collect files that
record interaction
with this Website (System logs) use other Personal Data (such as
the IP
Address) for this purpose.
Information not contained in this policy
More details concerning the collection or
processing of Personal Data may be requested from MusicLab at
any time. Please
see the contact information at the beginning of this document.
How "Do Not Track" requests are handled
This Website does not support "Do Not Track"
requests.
To determine whether any of the third-party
services it uses honor the "Do Not Track" requests, please read
their privacy
policies.
Changes to this privacy policy
MusicLab reserves the right to make changes to
this privacy policy at any time by giving notice to its Users on
this page and
possibly within this Website and/or - as far as technically and
legally
feasible - sending a notice to Users via any contact information
available to
MusicLab. It is strongly recommended to check this page often,
referring to the
date of the last modification listed at the bottom.
Should the changes affect processing activities
performed on the basis of the User's consent, MusicLab shall
collect new
consent from the User, where required.
Children's Online Privacy Protection Act ("COPPA")
MusicLab does not knowingly collect or use
personal information from children under 13 years without
containing verifiable
consent from their parents. We encourage parents and legal
guardians to monitor
their children's internet usage and to help enforce this privacy
policy by
instructing their children never to provide personal information
without their
permission.
Definitions and legal references
Personal Data (or Data)
Any information that directly, indirectly, or in
connection with other information - including a personal
identification number
- allows for the identification or identifiability of a natural
person.
Usage Data
Information collected automatically through this
Website (or third-party services employed in this Website),
which can include:
the IP addresses or domain names of the computers utilized by
the Users who use
this Website, the URI addresses (Uniform Resource Identifier),
the time of the
request, the method utilized to submit the request to the
server, the size of
the file received in response, the numerical code indicating the
status of the
server's answer (successful outcome, error, etc.), the country
of origin, the
features of the browser and the operating system utilized by the
User, the
various time details per visit (e.g., the time spent on each
page within the
Website) and the details about the path followed within the
Website with
special reference to the sequence of pages visited, and other
parameters about
the device operating system and/or the User's IT environment.
User
The individual using this Website who, unless
otherwise specified, coincides with the Data Subject.
Data Subject
The natural person to whom the Personal Data
refers.
Data Processor (or Data Supervisor)
The natural or legal person, public authority,
agency or other body which processes Personal Data on behalf of
the Controller,
as described in this privacy policy.
Data Controller (or Owner)
The natural or legal person, public authority,
agency or other body which, alone or jointly with others,
determines the
purposes and means of the processing of Personal Data, including
the security
measures concerning the operation and use of this Website. The
Data Controller,
unless otherwise specified, is MusicLab of this Website.
This Website
The means by which the Personal Data of the User
is collected and processed.
Partner
The companies or individuals - dealers,
distributors, resellers of MusicLab Product licenses.
Product
The virtual software instrument, available for
purchase from this Website.
Service
The service provided by this Website as
described in the relative terms (if available) and on this
site/Website.
European Union (or EU)
Unless otherwise specified, all references made
within this document to the European Union include all current
member states to
the European Union and the European Economic Area.
Cookies
Small sets of data stored on the User's device.
Legal information
This privacy statement has been prepared based
on provisions of multiple legislations, including Art. 13/14 of
Regulation (EU)
2016/679 (General Data Protection Regulation).
This privacy policy relates solely to this
Website, if not stated otherwise within this document.
This Website is operated by Vectro Group, Inc.,
Suite 1, Second Floor, Sound & Vision House, Francis Rachel
Str., Victoria,
Mahe, Seychelles
Contact email: privacy@musiclab.com
Latest update: May 23, 2018
RealGuitar
Info
Features
Audio
Video
Reviews
RealLPC
Info
Features
Audio
Video
Reviews
RealStrat
Info
Features
Audio
Video
Reviews
RealRick
Info
Features
Audio
Video
Reviews
RealEight
Info
Features
Audio
Video
Reviews
Follow us
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
YouTube
© MusicLab, 2020
E-mail
Password
forgot your password?
Thank you for your interest in our products!Your download should start automatically.
If you want to receive newsletter from MusicLab, please leave us your email. The newsletter is short and factual. We respect the confidentiality of this information and will not pass on your email details to any other person or institution.