http://www.mackins.co.uk/terms-conditions.php
Herdwick Sheep & Lake District Wildlife Prints
Home
Bird Art Prints
Cows and Bulls Art Prints
Graphic Art Prints
Herdwick Sheep Art Prints
Highland Cows - Bulls Art Prints
Kitchen Art Prints
Lake District Prints
Lake District Sheep Art Prints
Lake District Sheep Photo Prints
Other Art Prints
Scotland Art Prints
Tree & Flower Art Prints
Wildlife Artwork Prints
Maryport Pictures
Contact Us
Checkout
Terms & Conditions
Home
Bird Art Prints
Cows and Bulls Art Prints
Graphic Art Prints
Herdwick Sheep Art Prints
Highland Cows - Bulls Art Prints
Kitchen Art Prints
Lake District Prints
Lake District Sheep Art Prints
Lake District Sheep Photo Prints
Other Art Prints
Scotland Art Prints
Tree & Flower Art Prints
Wildlife Artwork Prints
Maryport Pictures
Checkout
Terms & Conditions
Contact Us
Sitemap
Terms and Conditions
Please read the following terms and conditions
carefully before using the mackins.co.uk website. Using this website indicates
that you accept these terms. If you do not accept these terms and
conditions("
terms"
), do not use this website.
By clicking on the button that
stipulates agreement to the following terms and by using this website,
you
agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this agreement. Any
image(s) ordered means you are accepting
and
agreeing to our terms
and conditions.
Please note that in the unlikely event there is a problem with your purchase, that you will have to pay the postage to return it to us. If a refund is requested, we will happily do so if the product is returned in the same condition as delivered to you. We will also have to contact the courier, so there may be a little delay in the refund.
There are occasions when the print companies we use are unable to provide specific sizes or items, we will only refund the amount paid to us by you and no more. We will not compensate for the fact that we are unable to provide an unavailable item as availability is beyond our control.
Welcome to the mackins.co.uk
website. Below are the Terms that govern your use of this site.
These terms
constitute a legal agreement between you and mackins.co.uk / herdwicksheepartwork.co.uk / Steve Mackins / Breica Mackins.
("
we"
or "
our"
). Please read this agreement ("
agreement"
) in its entirety before
you continue to use this website or download any image. If you do not agree,
discontinue using the site.
mackins.co.uk
- Licensed End User Licence Agreement
(EULA)
This is a legal agreement between you or your company, firm or other
organisation ("
you"
) and mackins.co.uk/herdwicksheepart/ Steve Mackins ("
mackins.co.uk"
). mackins.co.uk has
been appointed agent by its Contributors to grant this Licence on their
behalf.
Please read this agreement carefully in its entirety before you
download or use any image. By confirming the purchase of the Image(s) or
downloading the Image(s) you have selected from this website you agree to be
bound by the terms of this EULA (the "
Agreement"
) and the Image usage
restrictions contained herein.
Definitions
"
Terms"
Means the terms and conditions set out in this Agreement and
includes the terms contained in the Invoice. The terms contained in the Invoice
replace those in this Agreement to the extent of any
inconsistency.
"
Contributor"
Means the owner(s) of the copyright in the Image(s) or their
agent(s) who have submitted the Image(s) to mackins.co.uk/herdwicksheepart/ Steve Mackins.
"
mackins.co.uk"
&
"
we"
Means
mackins.co.uk/herdwicksheepart/ Steve Mackins.
"
Invoice"
Means the
computer-generated or pre-printed invoice provided by mackins.co.uk that may include,
without limitation, details of the Images selected, any limitations on the
Licence in addition to those specified herein, the key terms of the Licence and
the corresponding price for the Licence. The terms contained in the Invoice
shall be incorporated into this Agreement and all references to the Agreement
shall include those terms.
"
Image(s)"
Means the Image(s) you
have selected which are identified on the Invoice.
"
Licence"
Means the non-exclusive
non-sublicensable right mackins.co.uk grants to you to use the
Image(s).
"
Reproduction"
Includes any form of copying or publication of the whole or
part of any Image whether by printing, slide projection or other display
(whether or not to an audience), electronic, digital or mechanical means, use as
a reference by an artist or in an artist's illustration or by any other means.
Reproduction further includes the copying or distortion or manipulation of the
whole or part of any Image (for example, by computer, electronically, digitally
by an artist or by any other means), even though the resulting image may not
appear to a reasonable person to be derived from the original
Image.
"
Release"
Means a model or property release or any other release of a
third party right or other permission which it is necessary or desirable to
obtain in respect of any Image.
"
Licence
Fee"
Means any sum or sums payable to mackins.co.uk by
you in respect of the Licence.
Contracting
parties
The parties to this contract are mackins.co.uk
and you. mackins.co.uk has been appointed agent by its Contributors to grant this
Licence on their behalf.
Discounts
2. Any discounts offered are at the
sole discretion of mackins.co.uk. mackins.co.uk reserves the right to not grant a discount
in certain circumstances. With discounts offered to 'editorial' clients mackins.co.uk
reserves the right to receive proof of usage either upfront in the form of
layouts, or a copy of the printed literature to be sent within 7 days of
printing. If mackins.co.uk deems the usage to be other than editorial mackins.co.uk reserves
the right to invoice the full amount and withdraw the discount.
Grant of rights and restrictions
3.1
mackins.co.uk grants to you a non-exclusive, non-sublicensable and non-assignable
right to Reproduce the Image(s) solely in the manner and for the purposes set
out in the invoice. Use of the image(s) is restricted to the agreed use, medium,
period of time, placement, print run, size of licensed image, territory and any
other restrictions specified out in the invoice.
3.2 mackins.co.uk, after reasonable notice,
may inspect any records, accounts and books relating to the Reproduction of any
of the Image(s) to ensure that the Image(s) are being used in accordance with
this Agreement.
3.3 Images must not be
reproduced more than once unless agreed in advance and specified in the invoice.
3.4 If you are an
intermediary (for example an advertising agency) you may not sublicense, sell,
assign, convey or transfer this Agreement or any of its rights under this
Agreement but you may sub-license an Image as part of a derivative work (for
example an advertisement) to your clients. Should your clients wish to
incorporate the Image in their own work they should contact mackins.co.uk to purchase
a licence. A Licence to use an Image on or in a product does not imply any right
on your part to use the Image in any manner in the advertising or promotion of
such product, which right must be negotiated separately.
3.5 The Image(s) as stored by you must
retain the copyright symbol, the name of mackins.co.uk, the Image(s)' identification
numbers and any other information as may be invisibly embedded in the electronic
files containing the original Image(s).
3.6 The Image(s) may not be
distributed by a mobile phone device in a way that would allow any third party
to download, extract or access the Image(s) as a standalone
file.
3.7 You must
not incorporate Images (or any part of them) into a logo, trade mark or service
mark.
3.8 The
Image(s) may not be sublicensed, resold or otherwise made available for
downloading, use or distribution separately. For example, the Image(s) may be
used as an integral part of a web page design, but may not be made available for
downloading separately or in a format designed or intended for permanent storage
or re-use by website users. Similarly, your customers may be provided with
copies of the Image(s) as an integral part of work product, but may not be
provided with the Image(s) or permitted to use the Image(s)
separately.
3.9 If
any Image featuring a model is used in (i) a manner that would lead a reasonable
person to believe that the model personally uses or endorses a product or
service, or (ii) if the depiction of the model in the Image would be
unflattering or unduly controversial to a reasonable person, you must accompany
each such use with a statement indicating that the person is a model and the
Image is being used for illustrative purposes only.
3.10 mackins.co.uk may at any time hereafter
notify you that certain Images are no longer available for use under this
Agreement and upon such notification the Licence shall automatically and
immediately terminate. Your sole remedy for any recalled Image shall be, at
mackins.co.uk's discretion, the replacement of such recalled Image with another Image
or refund of the Licence Fee to the extent attributable to such recalled
Image.
3.11
mackins.co.uk does not warrant the accuracy of the captioning, keywording or any other
information associated with the Image(s).
3.12 You may not use the Image(s) in a
pornographic, defamatory, fraudulent, lewd, obscene or otherwise illegal manner,
including but not limited to infringing any third party intellectual property or
privacy rights, whether directly or in context or by juxtaposition with other
materials.
3.13
You must abide by any restriction on use notified to you by mackins.co.uk before,
after or at the time of delivery of the Image(s), either in the information
accompanying the Image(s), the Invoice or otherwise.
4. Copyright
issues
No ownership or copyright in any Image shall
pass to you by the issue of the Licence. Unless otherwise agreed in writing, if
any Image is reproduced by you for editorial purposes (i.e., for any
non-promotional purpose) you must include the credit line "
mackins.co.uk"
, or
any other credit line specified by mackins.co.uk. If a credit line is omitted then an
additional fee equal to thirty percent (30%) of the original amount invoiced
attributable to the Image in question shall be payable by you.
Warranty and limitation of liability
5.1
mackins.co.uk guarantees that should any Image have defects in material or workmanship
and these are notified in writing to mackins.co.uk within seven days from the date of
delivery of the Image then mackins.co.uk will either replace the Image with another
digital copy of the Image free from defect or refund the Licence Fee paid by you
to the extent attributable to the defective Image, at mackins.co.uk's
option.
5.2
mackins.co.uk makes no other warranty, express or implied, including, without
limitation, any implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for a
particular purpose. Neither mackins.co.uk nor its contributors shall be liable to you
or any other person or entity by reason of any representation (unless
fraudulent) or any implied warranty, condition or other term, or any duty at
common law, or under the express terms of this Agreement for any loss of profit
or any indirect, special or consequential loss, damage, costs, expenses or other
claims (whether caused by the negligence of mackins.co.uk, its servants or agents or
otherwise) which arises out of or in connection with this Agreement, even if
mackins.co.uk has been advised of the possibility of such damages, costs or losses.
mackins.co.uk's maximum liability arising out of or in connection with your use of or
inability to use the Image (whether in contract, tort or otherwise) shall, to
the extent permitted by law, be limited to five (5) times the value paid by you
for the relevant Image.
5.3 The terms of clause 5.2 shall not preclude any liability or claim
for death or bodily injury or any claim arising from wilful default or gross
negligence on the part of mackins.co.uk or any of its employees, agents or otherwise.
Each provision of clause 5.2 is to be construed as a separate limitation
(applying and surviving even if for any reason one or other of such provisions
is held to be inapplicable, unreasonable or unenforceable in any circumstances)
and shall remain in force notwithstanding the termination of this
Agreement.
6. Payment
No Reproduction of any Image is authorised until payment in
full has been received by mackins.co.uk. Any Reproduction by you or on your behalf
prior to payment being received by mackins.co.uk constitutes a breach of this
Agreement which entitles mackins.co.uk immediately to terminate this Agreement and
further constitutes an infringement of copyright. All cheques must be made
payable to Steve Mackins. International clients will be invoiced in Sterling, Euros
or US dollars, exchange rates will be notified on day images are ordered and
prices confirmed.
mackins.co.uk reserves the right in some instances to be paid in
Sterling by some international clients. For EU clients there will be VAT added
to the bill if the clients EU VAT number is not supplied to mackins.co.uk when
requested. mackins.co.uk reserves the right to ask for upfront payment by PayPal or
Moneybookers for some International clients before images are sent, this is at
mackins.co.uk's discretion and will be notified upon receipt of order.
7. Indemnity
You agree to
indemnify and hold mackins.co.uk and its Contributors harmless against any claims,
damages, losses, expenses or costs, including legal costs, arising in any manner
whatsoever from your unauthorised use of any Image supplied to you by mackins.co.uk,
on behalf of the Contributor, or any other breach by you of any of your
obligations under this Agreement.
Release
information
8.1 mackins.co.uk gives no representations
or warranties whatsoever as to the existence of any Releases associated with the
Image(s).
8.2
mackins.co.uk gives no representations or warranties whatsoever with respect to the
use of names, trade marks, logos, uniforms, registered or copyrighted designs or
artistic works depicted in any Image.
8.3 You must satisfy yourself that all
Releases as may be required for Reproduction of the Image(s) have been secured.
You are solely responsible for obtaining all such Releases and the Licence is
conditional in each case on your obtaining them. If you are unsure as to whether
any Releases are needed for your Image usage, then it is your responsibility to
consult with relevant parties. You shall not rely upon any representation or
warranty given by mackins.co.uk employees or representatives save as set out in this
Agreement.
9.Licence fee
Use of an Image in a manner not specifically authorised under
the terms set out in the Invoice or otherwise in the Agreement constitutes a
breach of the Agreement and an infringement of copyright. You agree to notify
mackins.co.uk in the event that you decide to change the usage for the image(s) and
pay an additional license fee.
10.
Cancellation policy
You agree to notify mackins.co.uk
within 48 hours of receipt of images if you are not satisfied with an image and
the license will be cancelled. Provided you have not used the image(s) you may
cancel the Licence within 30 days of receipt of the image(s) by sending written
notification by email to sales@mackins.co.uk. You may cancel the Licence
within 7 days without charge. If you cancel within 30 days of receipt of
image(s) you will be charged a cancellation fee of 50% of the Invoice. After 30
days no cancellations are accepted and the full amount of the invoice must be
paid. In no circumstances may a cancelled image be used in any
manner.
11.1
Invoices
All Invoices
are payable by you within 30 days. and cheques must be made payable to Steve Mackins. VAT will be added at the current rate of 17.5%. VAT registration number
is: 760 1918 36 in the name of S D Wilson.
11.2 If you do not make full payment
of an Invoice on time mackins.co.uk reserves the right to charge interest on the
outstanding amount at the rate prescribed by the Late Payment of Commercial
Debts (Interest) Act 1998 from the date payment was due until payment is
made.
12. Condition of images
You should make sure that you examine the Image(s) for possible
defects (whether digital or otherwise) before sending the Image(s) for
Reproduction. Subject to clause 5.1, mackins.co.uk shall not be liable for any loss or
damage suffered by you or any third party arising from any alleged or actual
defect in any Image or its caption or in any way from its
Reproduction.
13. Downtime
Due to the nature of server provision, downtime and lost
transmissions may occur as part of routine maintenance. You are advised to
maintain a copy of your account status and details of Image(s)
purchased.
Miscellaneous terms
14.1 The
Licence will terminate immediately if you (a) enter into voluntary or compulsory
liquidation, (b) have a receiver appointed or (c) fail to perform any of your
obligations under the Agreement within 28 days of our giving you notice to
comply. In the event of termination, all rights granted will immediately revert
to us and any further exploitation of any Image shall constitute an infringement
of copyright.
14.2
No variation of any of these Terms shall be effective unless in writing and
signed by mackins.co.uk and you. No action of mackins.co.uk, other than an express written
waiver, may be construed as a waiver of any clause of this Agreement. In the
event that mackins.co.uk waives any specific part of this Agreement, such fact does
not mean that any other part is waived. In the event of any inconsistency
between the Terms and the terms contained in any purchase order or other
communication sent by you, the terms of this Agreement shall
prevail.
14.3
Should any clause of this Agreement be found unenforceable, that will not affect
any other clause and each will remain in full force and
effect.
14.4 This
agreement, its validity and effect, shall be interpreted under and governed by
the laws of England and Wales and be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of
the English courts. If mackins.co.uk is required to enforce its rights as a result of
any breach of these terms, whether legal proceedings are commenced or not, you
agree to indemnify mackins.co.uk in respect of all reasonable legal fees and costs
incurred by mackins.co.uk in relation thereto.
14.5
We reserve the right to change these Terms, the Security
&
Privacy Policy, prices, information and available contractual license
terms featured on this website without notice. These conditions set out the
entire agreement between mackins.co.uk and you relating to your use of this
website.
Privacy and Security
We will not send you any unsolicited mail as a result of your order and we will not pass on your details to any third party.
Your personal data will be protected and treated in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998.
Lake District Art & Photography Prints ~ Any prints ordered will be processed for delivery as soon as we receive the payment notification from PayPal, which is usually shortly after payment is made. Delivery on Canvas and Photopaper prints is approx. 5 to 7 working days.
Box Canvas Prints are sent boxed. Unstretched Canvas + Photopaper Prints are sent in a Cardboard Tube.
Any Questions?If you are looking for particular type of image, size or format that is not on this website, please email:
and I will get back to you. Thanks!
Lake District Wildlife and Landscape Artwork & Photography Prints