https://www.uctcorp.com/en/privacy/
Title
10.08.2017
to
22.08.2017
at
P3
Read More
Resources
Contact
Ask us anything… How we can address your specific business challenges. What are the benefits of working with us. Or details on unique tools and proven methodology. We will get back to you promptly.
Product Demo
Data Conversion Study
Services
Methodology
DATA CONVERSION ARCHITECT
TOOLS
Website Privacy Policy
Universal Conversion Technologies Inc. (“UCT”) provides to its business customers extensive data conversion solutions and services with global points-of-presence. At UCT, we understand the importance of protecting personal information. For this reason, we have business procedures and security safeguards in place to protect personal information under our control.
Application and Scope
This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) explains how UCT uses and discloses information collected from people who visit our website and otherwise interact with us through http://www.equisoftuctcorp.com (“website”). It also explains how we use cookies and similar technologies.
Data Collection and Use
We may collect the following types of information from our website visitors:
Inquiries. We may collect the name, contact information, e-mail address and any information provided to us when individuals make an inquiry or contact us through our website. We will only use this information to provide the information requested or to answer the questions and/or requests received.
Applications. If you apply for employment with UCT, the personal information submitted with your job application will be used for recruitment and other customary human resources purposes. For example, we may send you information about new job opportunities within UCT as well as other career development resources.
Information We Collect Using Cookies. A cookie is a very small text document, which often includes an anonymous unique identifier. When you visit our website, we may collect, using electronic means such as cookies, technical information. This information may include information about website users’ visits, including the IP address of the computer and type of browser used to view our website, the operating system, resolution of screen, location, language settings in browsers, the site the website visitors came from, keywords searched (if arriving from a search engine), the number of page views, information entered, advertisements seen, etc. This data is used to measure and improve the effectiveness of our website or enhance the experience for our website users. We may also collect and use the following type of information when online users visit and/or interact with us on our websites:
Google Analytics: We use Google Analytics which allows us to see information on user website activities including, but not limited to, page views, source and time spent on our website. This information is depersonalized and is displayed as numbers, meaning that it cannot be tracked back to individuals. Online users may opt-out of Google Analytics by visiting the Google Analytics opt-out page.
Google AdWords: We use Google AdWords Remarketing to advertise UCT across the Internet and to advertise on third party websites (including Google) to previous visitors to our websites. AdWords remarketing will display ads to our website visitors based on what parts of the UCT website they have viewed by placing a cookie on their web browser. This cookie does not in any way identify the website visitor or give access to such visitor’s computer or mobile device. The cookie is only used to indicate to other websites that a particular page on our website has been visited, so that ads relating to that page may be shown. If online users do not wish to participate in Google AdWords Remarketing, they can opt out by visiting Google’s Ads Preferences Manager.
Choice with Cookies. By continuing to use our website, website users are deemed to consent to our use of the cookies described in this Policy. The use of cookies can be blocked by activating the settings in your browser. The “Help” feature on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. If you choose to withhold consent, or subsequently block cookies, you may not be able to access all or part of the content of our website.
Privacy Policies of Third Parties. This Policy only addresses the use and disclosure of information by UCT. Other websites that may be accessible through our website have their own privacy policies and data collection, use and disclosure practices. We encourage you to familiarize yourself with the privacy statements provided by all third parties prior to providing them with information or taking advantage of an offer or promotion.
Unless required or authorized by law, UCT will not collect or use personal information for any other or new purpose without obtaining further consent.
Sharing of Personal Information
Personal information that we collect, access or process may be made available by UCT to third-parties or service providers to fulfill the purposes for which it has been collected or as set forth in this Policy. UCT will not sell, rent or trade personal information to any third party. However, we may share personal information when authorized and/or required by law or as follows:
Service providers. We may hire service providers to perform services on our behalf. This may include, without limitation, a person or an organization retained by UCT to perform work on its behalf. We provide them with a limited amount of information which is necessary in order for them to provide the services required. They are prohibited from using the information for purposes other than to facilitate and carry out the services they have been engaged to provide. These service providers are not permitted to disclose this information to others. UCT will strive to protect personal information disclosed to third parties by contractual agreements requiring that those third parties adhere to confidentiality and security procedures and protections that are, at a minimum, equivalent to those employed by UCT itself.
As permitted or required by law. We may disclose personal information when UCT is compelled to disclose personal information in response to a law, regulation, court order, subpoena, valid demand, search warrant, government investigation or other legally valid request or enquiry. We may also disclose information to our accountants, auditors, agents and lawyers in connection with the enforcement or protection of our legal rights. We may also release certain personal information when we have reasonable grounds to believe that such release is reasonably necessary to protect the rights, property and safety of others and ourselves, in accordance with or as authorized by law.
Business transaction. We may disclose personal information to a third party in connection with a sale or transfer of business or assets, an amalgamation, re-organization or financing of parts of our business. However, in the event the transaction is completed, personal information will remain protected by applicable privacy laws. In the event the transaction is not completed, we will require the other party not to use or disclose your personal information in any manner whatsoever and to completely delete such information.
Cross-border Transfer of Personal Information
In some cases, personal information that we manage may be transferred, processed and stored outside the United States of America, and therefore may be available to government authorities under lawful orders and laws applicable there.
Security of Personal Information
We will use reasonable security measures to protect personal information against unauthorized access that are compliant with applicable data protections laws. UCT has implemented security measures that contain administrative, technical and physical controls that are designed to safeguard personal information.
Retention
Personal information that we collect, access or process will be retained only as long as necessary for the fulfilment of the purposes for which it was collected and/or for which consent was received, unless otherwise required by law. Personal information that is no longer required to fulfil the identified purposes will be destroyed, erased or made anonymous. UCT will ensure destruction of personal information in a method that prevents improper access.
How to Contact Us
Any questions or complaints from website users regarding this Policy or UCT handling of their personal information can be addressed by sending an email to: privacy@uct.com.
Change of Privacy Policy
UCT will review and update its policies and procedures as required to keep current with rules and regulations, new technologies, standards and customer concerns. Our Policy may therefore change from time to time. We will post any changes on our website and, if the changes are material, we will provide a more prominent notice.
This Policy was last updated on May 23, 2017.