https://www.mnjtech.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
1. Introduction
We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our website visitors, and the security of the information they provide to us. In this policy we explain how we may collect and handle your personal information.We will ask you to consent to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of this policy when you first visit our website. By using our website, you consent to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of this policy.
2. Credit
This document was created using a template from SEQ Legal (https://www.seqlegal.com)
3. Collecting personal information and non-personal information
Personal information is data that can be used to identify or contact a single person. We may collect, store and use the following kinds of personal information:Information that you provide to us when registering with our website including your email address;Information that you provide when completing your profile on our website including your name, company name, address, telephone numbers, fax numbers, shipping addresses, and billing addresses;Information that you provide to us for the purpose of subscribing to our email notifications and/or newsletters including your name and email address;Information that you provide to us when using the services on our website, or that is generated in the course of the use of those services including the timing, frequency and pattern of service use, saved carts, favorite product choices, search history, purchase history, and quote history;Information relating to any purchases you make of goods and/or services or any other transactions that you enter into through our website including your name, address, telephone number, email address and credit card identification details;Information contained in or relating to any communications that you send to us or send through our website including the communication content and meta data associated with the communication;We also may use, collect, track, and store certain data in a form that does not, on its own, permit direct association with any specific individual. We may collect, use, transfer, and disclose non-personal information for any purpose. This data may be collected when you visit the Site or use our Products, including information about your computer and about your visits to and use of this website such as:Your IP address;Geographical location;Your browser type and version, operating system, and device type;The referral source that brought you to our website; Session information such as the length of your visit, your page views and navigation paths on our website; andCookies and similar technologiesWe might aggregate the information we collect in order to make use of it; aggregated data is considered non-personal information for purposes of this Privacy Policy. If we combine non-personal information with personal information, the combined information will be treated as personal information for as long as it remains combined.Before you disclose to us the personal information of another person, you must obtain that person’s consent to both the disclosure and the processing of that personal information in accordance with this policy.
4. Using your personal information
We may use the information you submit to us including through our website for the purposes specified in this policy or on the relevant pages of the website.We may use your personal information to:Administer our website and business;Personalize our website for you;Enable your use of the services available on our website;Send you goods purchased through our website;Supply to you services purchased through our website;Send statements, invoices and payment reminders to you, and collect payments from you;Send you non-marketing commercial communications;Send you email notifications or other information that you have specifically requested;Send you our email newsletter, if you have requested it (you can inform us at any time if you no longer require the newsletter);Send you marketing communications relating to our business or the businesses of carefully-selected third parties which we think may be of interest to you, by post or, where you have specifically agreed to this, by email or similar technology;Provide third parties with statistical information about our users but those third parties will not be able to identify any individual user from that information;Deal with enquiries and complaints made by or about you relating to our website Keep our website secure and prevent fraud; andVerify compliance with the terms and conditions governing the use of our website.We may use your non-personal information for any purpose, including for example to better understand customer behavior, to improve our products, services and advertising, or to provide our customers with more useful information about our website or the products we offer. If you submit personal information for publication on our website, we will publish and otherwise use that information only in accordance with the license you grant to us by this policy.All of our website financial transactions are handled through our payment services provider, Chase PaymentTech. You can review the provider’s privacy policy at https://www.chasepaymentech.com/privacypolicy. We will share your information with our payment services provider only to the extent necessary for the purposes of processing payments you make via our website, refunding such payments and dealing with complaints and queries relating to such payments and refunds.
5. Disclosing personal information
We may disclose your personal information to any of our employees, officers, insurers, professional advisers, agents, suppliers or subcontractors insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes set out in this policy.We may disclose your personal information to any member of our group of companies, including our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and all of its subsidiaries insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes set out in this policy.We also may disclose your personal information:to the extent that we are required to do so by law;in connection with any ongoing or prospective legal proceedings;in order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights (including providing information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention and reducing credit risk);to any person who we reasonably believe may apply to a court or other competent authority for disclosure of that personal information where, in our reasonable opinion, such court or authority would be reasonably likely to order disclosure of that personal information.Except as provided in this policy, we will not provide your personal information to third parties.
6. International data transfers
Information that we collect may be stored and processed in and transferred between any of the countries in which we operate in order to enable us to use the information in accordance with this policy.Personal information that you publish on our website or submit for publication on our website may be or become available, via the internet, around the world. We cannot prevent the use or misuse of such information by others.You expressly agree to the transfers of personal information described in this Section 6.
7. Retaining your personal information
This Section 7 sets out our data retention policies and procedure that apply to the information we collect through the website, which are designed to help ensure that we comply with our legal obligations in relation to the retention and deletion of personal information.Personal information that we process for any purpose or purposes shall not be kept for longer than we believe is necessary for to accomplish that purpose or those purposes.Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Section 7, we will retain documents (including electronic documents) containing personal data:to the extent that we are required to do so by law;if we believe that the documents may be relevant to any ongoing or prospective legal proceedings; andin order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights (including providing information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention and reducing credit risk).
8. Security of your personal information
We take very seriously the security of the information we collect and maintain.  Please be aware that, although we try to provide appropriate security for the information we collect and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.We will take reasonable technical and organizational precautions to prevent any unauthorized compromise, loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information.We will store all of the personal information you provide on our secure password- and firewall-protected servers.All electronic financial transactions entered into through our website will be protected by our payment services provider using payments industry-standard encryption technology.You acknowledge that the transmission of information over the internet is inherently insecure, and we cannot guarantee the security of data sent over the internet.You are responsible for keeping the password you use for accessing our website confidential; we will not ask you for your password except when you log in to our website.
9. CHILDREN
We do not intend to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13. The use of this Site is conditioned, in part, on a certification that the user is at least 13 years of age. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their consent, he or she should contact us at webmaster@mnjtech.com We will delete such data from our files upon request.
10. Third party websites
This privacy policy applies only to the information collected by MNJ. It does not apply to the practices of companies or third parties that MNJ does not own or control, or their employees that MNJ does not manage.Our website includes hyperlinks to, and some details of, third party websites.We have no control over, and are not responsible for, the privacy policies and practices of any third parties.  Please be sure you read and agree to the terms of any third-party website before you submit any information to such sites.  You agree that MNJ and our affiliates shall not be liable for the wrongful disclosure of your personal information by any third party.
11. Amendments
We may update this policy from time to time by publishing a new version on our website.You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are happy with any changes to this policy.We may notify you of changes to this policy by email or through other means.
12. Contact Us
If you have any questions regarding our privacy practices, please contact us at webmaster@mnjtech.com.
Updated on April 24, 2018
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.AcceptRead MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.