http://www.vigord.net/privacy.html
Support Request
Web Hosting
Enter area code:
Or select state...
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming
Privacy Policy
General Terms
Vigord Internet Services is committed to respecting and protecting the privacy of visitors
to our Web sites as well as the privacy of our actual customers. For
visitors, we've structured our Web sites so that, in general, you can
visit us on the Web without identifying yourself or revealing any personal
information. For customers, once you choose to provide us personally
identifiable information (any information by which you can be identified),
you can be assured that it will only be used to support your customer
business relationship with Vigord Internet Services.
Information Collection and Use
Vigord Internet Services collects personally identifiable information when you sign up
for a Vigord Internet Services account, when you use certain Vigord Internet Services products or
services, when you visit Vigord Internet Services pages and when you enter promotions or sweepstakes.
Vigord Internet Services may also receive personally identifiable information from our
business partners. Once you register with Vigord Internet Services and sign in to our
services, you are not anonymous to us. Vigord Internet Services also automatically receives
and records information on our server logs from your browser including
your IP address, Vigord Internet Services cookie information and the page you requested.
Vigord Internet Services uses information for three general purposes: to customize the
advertising and content you see, to fulfill your requests for certain
products and services and to contact you about specials and new products.
Information Sharing and Disclosure
Vigord Internet Services will not sell or rent your personally identifiable information
to anyone. Vigord Internet Services will send personally identifiable information about
you to other companies or people only when we have your consent to share
the information, when we need to share your information to provide the
products or services you have requested, when we need to send information
to Vigord Internet Services affiliates or companies who work on behalf of Vigord Internet Services to
provide the products or services to you. Unless we tell you differently, these
companies do not have any right to use the personally identifiable information
we provide to them beyond what is necessary to assist us. We can also
provide your personally identifiable information when we respond to
subpoenas, court orders or legal processes or when we find that your
actions on our Web sites violate the Vigord Internet Services Terms
of Service.
Cookies
Vigord Internet Services may set and access Vigord Internet Services cookies on its users and
customers' computers. Vigord Internet Services allows other companies that are presenting advertisements
on some of our pages to set and access their cookies on your computer.
Other companies' use of their cookies is subject to their own privacy
policies, not this one. Advertisers or other companies do not have access
to Vigord Internet Services' cookies. Vigord Internet Services may use Web beacons to access our cookies
within our network of Web sites and in connection with Vigord Internet Services provided
products and services.
Security
All Vigord Internet Services customer information is password-protected for your privacy
and security. In certain areas Vigord Internet Services uses industry-standard SSL encryption
to protect data transmissions.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
Vigord Internet Services may amend this policy from time to time. If we make any substantial
changes in the way we use our customers' personal information, we will
notify you by posting a prominent announcement on our pages or sending
you an e-mail. This policy can be accessed at any time at
http://www.vigord.net/privacy.html.
Home - Services
- Support - Resources
- Webmail
Terms of Service - Privacy Policy
If you have any comments or suggestions about this Web site, please e-mail
the Webmaster.
© 2000 - 2003 Vigord Corporation. All rights reserved.