http://www.nesox.com/en/about_privacy.asp
Search
Privacy Policy
Our Commitment To Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy
we provide this notice explaining our online information practices
and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected
and used.The Information We may Collect:
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on
the Training Technologies, Inc. website. On some pages, you can
make requests, provide feedback, and register software. The personal
information collected on these pages tends to include:
Name
Company Name
Address
E-mail address
Phone number
Other contact information
Information requested/product owned
Interest or need in our software/services
We also offer an e-commerce site for purchasing additional technical
support once the initial support period has elapsed. These are secure
pages that request additional information about your method of payment.
The Way We Use Information:
We use the information you provide only for customer relations,
statistics, and feedback. We do not share this information with
outside parties such as advertisers and we will not, nor will we
ever, sell your information to a third party. Unless otherwise clearly
stated on the form, will not use information for any other purpose.
For e-commerce, we share information only to the extent necessary
to complete the order.
We use non-identifying and aggregate information derived from
web tracking software to better design our website. This information
is not shared with advertisers or any other third party.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information
provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above
without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise
prohibit such unrelated uses.
Our Commitment To Data Security:
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure
the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate
physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and
secure the information we collect online.
Our Commitment To Children's Privacy:
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important.
For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our
website from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of
our website is structured to attract anyone under 13.
How To Contact Us:
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy
policies, please contact us by email to
webmaster@nesox.com. See
our Contact Information Page for
full details.
2004-2014 © Copyright Nesox Solutions. All Rights Reserved.