https://www.biz-web.ca/privacy-policy/
About
Contact
Privacy
Terms
Guarantee
Support
Affordable Canadian Business Web Hosting
Privacy
Our Commitment To Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we
provide this notice explaining our online information practices and
the choices you can make about the way your information is collected
and used.
The Information We Collect:
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the
biz-web.ca website. On some pages, make requests, and register to
receive materials. The types of personal information collected at
these pages are:
Name
Address
Email address
Phone number
(etc.)
Credit Card Information is processed through PAYPAL and 2checkout.com.
We do not store any credit card information on our server.
Information on PayPal can be found at
www.paypal.com
Information on 2checkout.com can be found at
www.2checkout.com
The Way We Use Information:
We use the information you provide about yourself when placing an
order only to complete that order. We do not share this information
with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that
order.
We use the information you provide about someone else when placing an
order only to ship the product and to confirm delivery. We do not
share this information with outside parties except to the extent
necessary to complete that order.
We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. Such
addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with
outside parties.
You can register with our website if you would like to receive our
email newsletter as well as updates on our new products and services.
Information you submit on our website will not be used for this
purpose unless you fill out the registration form.
We use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our
website and to share with advertisers. For example, we may tell an
advertiser that X number of individuals visited a certain area on our
website, or that Y number of men and Z number of women filled out our
registration form, but we would not disclose anything that could be
used to identify those individuals. Finally, we never use or share the
personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways
unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an
opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
Our Commitment To Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the
correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical,
electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the
information we collect online. We do not store any credit card
information. All credit card transactions are done through PAYPAL and
2checkout.com.
Categories
No categories
Copyright © 2020. All Rights Reserved.