http://www.practicetrack.com/privacy-policy.cfm
Sign In
Forgot My Password
Remember Email Address
Create Account
I am a Physician
I am an Advanced Practitioner
close
About Us
Privacy Policy
PracticeMatch Privacy Policy
The privacy of our users on the Internet is of the utmost importance to us. Since PracticeMatch Corporation ("PM"), its related network of sites and services, including the PracticeMatch.com site (all such sites collectively the "Sites"), gather certain types of information about our users, we feel that you should completely understand the conditions and terms surrounding the gathering and use of information about those using our Sites and services. This Privacy Policy Statement discloses what information we gather, how we use it, and how to correct or change it. The services made available through PM may be provided in a variety of media and devices now known or hereinafter developed including mobile applications, and include without limitation news, reference tools, and applications, sponsored programming, personalized content, continuing medical education, communication tools and discussion boards (collectively, the "Services"). In the policy, the pronouns "you" and "your" are used to refer to the end user, while "we," "us" and "our" are used to refer to PM.
By visiting one of the Sites, or by using the Services, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy Statement.
Your use of the Sites or Services, and any dispute over privacy, is subject to this Privacy Policy and our Terms and Conditions, including its applicable limitations on damages and the resolution of disputes. We may amend this Statement at any time; if we make changes to this Statement, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it. This Statement was last revised on 7/1/2015.
Collecting Information
Information We Collect from Unregistered Visitors
You must register to access our full Services; however, you may be able to access certain limited areas of the Sites without disclosing any personally identifiable information ("PII"). We will collect non-personally identifiable information, i.e. information that is not traced back to any individual and is not used on its own to identify an individual. Even if you have not registered, PM will collect such data including, as applicable, the referring website, the type of browser you use, the time and date that you accessed the Services, the pages you visited and viewed throughout our Sites, and what computers responded to a market research survey. Taken in aggregate, this information enables us to better develop and fund the Services, provide content, and respond to our users' needs. We will explain how this is done in the "Usage Tracking and Cookies" section of this Privacy Policy.
Information We Collect from Registered Users
You must register to access our full Services. When you register for the Services, you are asked to provide identifying information such as your name, email address, zip code and other professional information, e.g. specialty and profession. Additional information may be requested, which may be required to access some Services. We may collect additional information about registered users from third party sources to assist us in providing the Services. For example, we may use such third party sources to verify and update registration information and confirm licensure status.
Information We Collect through Services We Offer
Electronic Newsletters: The Services may include free electronic newsletters sent to users to provide specific information on the appropriate or selected topics. We must gather the email addresses of users who register for and voluntarily subscribe to said Services. You may remove yourself from a mailing list at any time by following the instructions provided at the end of every newsletter.
Other Promotions: By registering with our Service(s) you agree that we may send you email regarding information specific to such Service(s), surveys, or other opportunities that involve PM Services. We must gather the email addresses of users to register for said Services. You may remove yourself from a mailing list at any time by terminating the Service.
Market Research: From time to time, registered users may be invited to participate in a sponsored or unsponsored market research study through an email invitation, on-site popup or some other means. When participating in such a survey, in addition to providing your responses to the survey questions you may be asked to provide personally identifiable information that may be combined with information that you have already provided at registration or that we have received from a third party source. These studies are intended to give specific anonymous feedback to third parties as described in the "Information Sharing and Disclosures" section of this Privacy Policy.
Industry Sponsored Programs: From time to time, registered users may be invited to participate in industry-sponsored programs and other industry-supported events and offers. Registered users who participate agree that their name, specialty, profession, and the content they participate in along with their answers to any questions to which they choose to respond, can be shared with the industry sponsor. Registered users may cease participating in these programs at any time.
Discussion Lists: Discussion lists may be available through the Services. Use of discussion lists requires separate opt-in and additional registration and agreement to the terms and conditions for this Service. Subscribing to any other Service does not also subscribe users to affiliated discussion lists. You may remove yourself from a discussion list at any time by following the instructions provided.
Category 2 CME Recorder: This tool may be available through the Services. It collects your usage of select Category 2 CME-appropriate content, such as the date and time you read an article summary or took a quiz, and the length of time you spent on a quiz. These data are used to create a customized report that is available to you upon your request.
Additional Forms and Emails: We may also ask you to provide additional information after you register if you want to obtain additional services or information, or to resolve complaints or concerns.
Information We Collect Automatically
PM collects information about your activity on the Sites and through our advertisements using technologies such as cookies, including third-party cookies, web beacons and server log files.
Usage Tracking: PM uses traffic analysis software on our servers to track user traffic patterns throughout the Services. PM uses this data to break down overall usage statistics according to IP address, domain name, browser type, and MIME type by reading this information from the data automatically sent by the browser whenever a web page is requested. Additionally, solely in connection with your voluntary participation in a market research study, your computer may be tracked by digital fingerprinting or watermarking to help ensure unique responders to a survey.
Cookies & Web Beacon: A cookie is a small text file placed in your computer's browser to store your preferences. A cookie can be accessed only by the server that originally created the cookie. A cookie cannot store or send back any information to us that you have not specifically and voluntarily provided while on a Site, or that is not among the information mentioned above that is contained in every user's browser (e.g., domain name, browser type). Cookies do not contain personally identifiable information; however, once you choose to furnish a Site with personally identifiable information, this information may be linked to the data stored in the cookie.
PM uses cookies to monitor and manage Service development and delivery, and potentially to permit greater personalization of the Service based on your preferences and specifications. We may assign cookies to devices that access our Services to help us dynamically generate advertising and content to users of the Services.
Our Sites may also contain third-party cookies from advertising partners who help serve ads for PM and other third parties on the Sites and elsewhere on the web.
PM and our third party business partners may also use "web beacons" or clear .gifs, or similar technologies, which are small pieces of code placed on a web page, to monitor the behavior and collect data about the visitors viewing a web page. For example, web beacons may be used to count the users who visit a web page or to deliver a cookie to the browser of a visitor viewing that page.
We and our third party business partners use the information automatically generated by cookies and web beacons, as well as other information that we or they have, to provide you with an optimal website experience. This includes measuring the effectiveness of our ads and your interactions them, and tailoring offers and advertisements to you for products or services you may find helpful on the Sites and third-party sites.
At this time, the Sites do not recognize automated browser signals regarding tracking mechanisms, which may include "do not track" instructions. However, you can change your privacy preferences regarding the use of cookies and similar technologies through your browser. You may set your browser to accept all cookies, block certain cookies, require your consent before a cookie is placed in your browser, or block all cookies. If your browser is set to block cookies, websites that are cookie-enabled will not recognize you when you return to the website, and some website functionality may be lost. The Help section of your browser will tell you about your options for managing your cookies.
How We Use Information We Collect
We retain and use the information we collect about you as follows:
To provide our Services to you, to communicate with you about your use of our Services, to respond to your inquiries, and for other customer services purposes.
If you are a potential jobseeker, to share with Hiring Organizations.
If you are a Hiring Organization, to share with potential jobseekers.
To tailor the content and information that we may send or display to you, to offer location customization, and personalized help and instructions, and to otherwise personalize your experience while using the Sites or Services.
To understand how users access and use our Sites and Services, both on an aggregated and individualized basis, in order to improve our Sites and the Services and respond to desires and preferences.
To personalize content and recommendations and to send marketing and other promotional information about jobs and other products and services in which we think you might be interested.
As necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, enforce our agreements (including this Privacy Policy and the Terms and Conditions), to protect or defend our rights, to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, and situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person.
We may also use aggregate or de-identified information about users for other marketing, research and other purposes.
Information Sharing and Disclosures
Personal Information
Except as described in this Privacy Policy or as specifically agreed to by you, we will not disclose to any third party personally identifiable information we gather from you through the Sites.
"No-spam" policy
Your email address will not be sold to a third party if you sign up to be included on our email distribution list.
Our periodic email distributions include emails announcing job openings, email newsletters, discussion lists, market research programs, quiz programs, and information about other PM services. You may opt out or unsubscribe at any time.
Aggregate Data
We aggregate data from registered and unregistered users for use in Service funding, analysis, development and delivery. Aggregate usage information provided to third parties or used to deliver services (e.g., advertising) to third parties allows us to keep our services free to users. Aggregated information is pooled from many individual records and stripped of any data that could be used to identify an individual. Information collected in the registration process is never shared with third parties in a personally identifiable way, except, as identified in this Privacy Policy.
Marketing and Advertising
PM may target Services, advertising, and marketing (e.g. email and website communications) based on information that you provide when you register for the Services, information that PM receives from third party sources, and on your history of usage of the Services or other personal information that you provide to PM. For example, a user that registers with oncology as his/her specialty, or frequently uses oncology-related Services, or informs PM that oncology is a significant component of his/her practice may be served oncology-related advertisements and invitations to participate in oncology-related sponsored programs, on both PM and third party Services. Advertisers DO NOT have access to any personally identifiable information about you, except, as identified in this Privacy Policy, when you elect to participate in an industry-sponsored program.
We do not control the practices of the advertisers on their sites. When you click on links and/or ad banners that take you away from our Sites to third-party websites, you will be subject to that party's privacy policies. We encourage you to read the posted privacy policy statement whenever interacting with any website. If you have questions about how one of our advertisers uses information about you when you click their ad, visit their site and view their content, please contact them directly.
PII Shared with Third Parties
In addition to aggregate information, we may share some kinds of personally identifiable information with third parties as described below.
PracticeMatch Career Center:
For Physicians, Physician Assistants, Nurse Practitioners, and other potential jobseekers: By electing to use the Career Center, you are able to search for jobs in your area, register to receive emails about future job postings, and permit employers and recruiters to contact you directly regarding job offerings. You may search job postings without being a registered user, but in order to apply for a job, receive email communications, participate in the interactive areas to be found at the Career Center or be contacted by a potential employer interested in you for employment, you must be a registered member or supply certain minimum information so that the potential employer may contact you.
If you elect to register and post your Profile in the Physician Career Center, we will collect the following personally identifiable information:
Email address
Password
Name
Address
City
State
ZIP code
Phone number
Profession
Specialty(ies)
Board Status
Years in Practice
Citizenship Status
Licensure information
Education
Job preferences
Work experience
Other personal information, including, but not limited to, hobbies and geographic preferences
Your personally identifiable information allows us to share your job preferences and work experiences with prospective employers, and communicate with you about potential employment opportunities.
Posting your Profile in the Physician Career Center exposes you to thousands of potential employers each day. If you post your Profile, any registered employer who purchases access to our databases can view your Profile and contact details (to the extent you include them in your Profile).
We attempt to limit access to our searchable Profile database to legitimate subscribers such as paying employers, hiring managers, and human resource professionals ("Hiring Organizations"), but cannot guarantee that other parties will not gain access to this database. We do not verify the credentials of Hiring Organizations and cannot control the use of Profiles by third parties who access such Profiles while they are in our searchable database.
It is your responsibility to evaluate all Hiring Organizations and any offers made by Hiring Organizations.
You may remove your Profile from our database at any time. However Hiring Organizations who have paid for access to that database, as well as parties who have otherwise gained access to the database, may have retained a copy of your Profile in their own files or databases. We cannot control the retention, use or privacy of Profiles that have been downloaded by third parties. Accordingly, you should not put information you would not want made public in your Profile.
You may elect to optimize your Profile by posting and sharing your curriculum vitae on the Physician Career Center. If you do not wish to share your curriculum vitae with a Hiring Organization registered to use our Online Services, do not post your curriculum vitae to the Career Center. You may delete your curriculum vitae from our database at any time; however, Hiring Organizations who previously received your curriculum vitae through the Physician Career Center may still have access to your curriculum vitae if they retained a copy for their files or databases. We are not responsible for the sharing, retention, use, or privacy of curriculum vitaes and other personal information shared on the Physician Career Center.
For Hiring Organizations
Hiring Organizations may post job opportunities on the Sites which are not kept private and are searchable and viewable by all users, registered or not.
We do not verify the credentials or availability of applicants and cannot control the use of profile information by third parties who access such information.
It is your responsibility to evaluate all applicants.
You may remove your job opportunities from our searchable database at any time. However, parties who have gained access to the database may have retained a copy of your profile in their own files or databases. We cannot control the retention, use or privacy of profiles that have been downloaded by third parties. Accordingly, you should not put information you do not want made public in your profile.
Job Opportunities Embedding: Hiring Organizations may list their job opportunities on their own websites as well as the PracticeMatch Career Center.
When you visit the website of a Hiring Organization and view a job opportunity that has been embedded by "Powered by PracticeMatch", the privacy policy of the Hiring Organization shall apply with respect to information they collect from unregistered users, information they collect from services they provide and information they collect automatically.
However, upon activating the "APPLY" button, the terms set forth in this Privacy Policy shall govern to all information you provide, except as follows:
(i) your application will be shared with the Hiring Organization only, and (ii) your profile will not be included in the PM service.
Companies Who Work with Us: From time to time, we contract with third parties to help us provide or improve our services. For example, we may hire consultants who help us prevent fraud and violation of our terms of service, analyze data, provide marketing assistance, or provide customer service or fulfillment services. In order to provide these services, these third parties may have limited access to some of the personally identifiable information we maintain about users of our Services. We require all such parties to comply with the terms of this Privacy Policy, to limit their access to any personal information to the minimum necessary to perform their obligations, and not to use the information they may access for purposes other than fulfilling their responsibilities to us.
Customer Reviews: In some instances, we may select and post user reviews on the Sites which may contain Personal Information such as the user's name.
We will obtain your consent to use your name prior to posting the review.
If posted, such review will be available to other users of the Sites and may become public.
Market Research Studies: From time to time, we may invite you to participate in sponsored or unsponsored market research studies. These studies are intended to give specific anonymous feedback to third parties. This feedback, while shared in the format it was collected, will not be shared in a manner that is correlated to your personally identifiable information used to pay honoraria for your time. All participants may be disclosed to such third parties by a unique identifier, but such identifier will not be associated with any specific feedback. When you take part in market research studies, your identity as a participant may be shared but your answers remain anonymous.
Industry Sponsored Programs: Registered users may be asked to engage in industry-sponsored information programs from time to time in accordance with the applicable terms and conditions. Examples of Sponsored Programs include custom-developed web-based information resources featuring branded or unbranded commercial content, or interactive programs that provide information about medical conditions, treatments and products. Other types of Sponsored Programs may be made available to you through the Services via emails and website communications.
Members who participate agree that their name, specialty, profession, the questions they read, and the answers they provide can be shared with the industry sponsor. When you choose to engage in a Sponsored Program, you may be asked to provide personally identifiable information which may be used to supplement information about you that we have already received during member registration. In addition, we may collect information in connection with a transaction that you have requested (e.g. requests for information, sales rep visit, etc.) or responses to Sponsored Program questions, which, along with your identity, will be provided to the program's sponsor. Even if you do not provide us with personally identifiable information, we collect non-personally identifiable information about your use of Sponsored Programs through cookies, as described in the "Usage Tracking and Cookies" section of the Privacy Policy.
The personally identifiable information that you provide when you engage in a Sponsored Program will be used to provide the services you have requested or authorized, respond to your questions, provide you the specific services you select and to send you emails about new programs and selected information from our sponsors as it relates to your specialty or area of clinical practice. You may also receive invitations to engage in other Sponsored Programs from the same sponsor or other sponsor. If you engage in a Sponsored Program, we may identify you by name to the sponsor of the Sponsored Program and/or its agent(s) on the sponsor's behalf. We may also provide the sponsor with your specialty and country where you reside, based on your registration profile. You should read the privacy policy of the applicable sponsor and familiarize yourself with how such sponsor will treat your information. We are not responsible for how the sponsor and its agents use your information and manage your privacy. Further, we may use non-personally identifiable information for research purposes, and we may provide this information in aggregate to third parties. For example, we might inform third parties regarding the number of users of a Sponsored Program and the activities they conduct while engaged in the Program.
Quiz Games: If Quiz Games are available through the Services and you elect to participate, your name or registered pseudonym may appear on the live leaderboards and in certain communications to our members.
Answers to quiz questions are not shared.
Legal Requirements: We may release account and other personally identifiable information when we believe release (1) is required to comply with valid legal requirements such as a law, regulation, search warrant, subpoena or court order; or (2) is reasonably necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person, violations of our Terms and Conditions or this Privacy Policy, or as evidence in litigation in which we are involved.. In the event that we are legally compelled to disclose your personally identifiable information to a third party, we will attempt to notify you unless doing so would violate the law, court order or government instruction.
Change of Control In the event of a change in control resulting from, for example, a sale to, or merger with, another entity, or in the event of a sale of assets or a bankruptcy, PM shall have the right to transfer your personal information to the new party in control or the party acquiring assets. In the event of such a change, your personal information will continue to be treated in accordance with this Privacy Policy until such time as any changes to the Privacy Policy are set forth herein.
Affiliated Companies PM is a wholly owned subsidiary of M3 USA Corporation, and part of the M3, Inc. group of companies that provide Internet services for physicians and other healthcare professionals around the world (collectively, "Affiliates").
PM may share your personal information with
Affiliates, which may use your personal information to send you emails about services they provide, new programs and selected information from their sponsors as it relates to your specialty or area of clinical practice.
Delete/deactivate policy
Users may unsubscribe to any of our email lists, electronic newsletters or discussion lists at any time by following the instructions contained at the end of every email, newsletter or discussion list, and also on the Sites. If you no longer wish to use any of our services or receive any information from us, you may request to have your personal information removed from our databases by sending a request via email (info@practicematch.com) or by fax (314-485-6206), including your first and last names and email address with which you originally registered. Changes or corrections to your information may be submitted in the same fashion; however, you may directly edit your personal profile any time by visiting the "My Account" page on the Sites.
How to Contact Us
If you have questions or concerns about our privacy practices or wish to make a request regarding your personal information, please contact us at info@practicematch.com or:
PracticeMatch Corporation
Attention: Information
600 Emerson Road, Suite 450
St. Louis, MO 63141
Telephone: (314) 485-6205
Fax: (314) 485-6206
Last updated July, 2015
Careers at PracticeMatch
Press Releases
Mar 02, 2020
Jan 03, 2019
Dec 10, 2018
Oct 22, 2018
Sep 24, 2018
Aug 06, 2018
Preferred Partners
Related Materials
Proudly affiliated with AAPPR
© 2020 PracticeMatch