http://www.picturetrail.com/webpages/privacypolicy.shtml
Photo Flicks
My Photos
Community
Image URLs
Clubs
Member:
Testimonials
Member Profiles
Features
Photo Flicks
My Photos
Make Prints
Image Hosting
Photo Editor
Cam Phone Pics
Customize
Privacy Policy
PictureTrail.com has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to protecting your privacy.
Email Address Privacy :
PictureTrail will not rent, sell or otherwise provide the email address of any PictureTrail member to any other company or entity unless the member specifically requests information from that company or entity.
IP Address:
When you register for an account, we record your IP address for diagnostic purposes, to administer our web site and to gather aggregate, anonymous demographic information.
Cookies:
We manage the members area with the use of cookies. We use the cookies to verify member
authorization to the members area, for diagnostic purposes, to administer our web site and
to gather aggregate, anonymous demographic information.
Registration and Account Upgrade Forms:
When you sign up for an account we ask you to provide contact information (email address) plus demographic
information (like zip code, country, age, gender and current job type). We use this information as part
of our aggregate demographic information gathering analysis and to help generate the appropriate
promotional material from some of our partners. You may opt out of receiving our promotional mailings
upon receiving the first promotional email from PictureTrail. We also use the demographic information
you provide us to help tailor your experience on our site, showing you content that we think you might
be interested in, and displaying the content according to your preferences.
Links to Other Sites:
This site contains links to other sites. PictureTrail.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these other sites.
Online Advertisements:
We sometimes use an outside ad company to display ads on our site. These ads may contain cookies.
While we use cookies in other parts of our Web site, cookies received with banner ads are
collected by our ad company, and we do not have access to this information.
PictureTrail offers several services that enable you to express yourself. Photo sharing, cool photo slideshows, and image hosting will enhance your online community experience. We also host personal homepages which enable you to build your own social networking community right here on PT. We support myspace layout codes as well as music and web widgets from anywhere on the web!
Company
Info
Contact
us    Help
Terms
Privacy
Photo
rights    Picturetrail
banners
Copyright
PictureTrail, Inc. Photo Sharing, Online Photo Albums, Digital
Prints, Image Hosting, Photo Slideshows.
Online since 1998, we've evolved based on member input. Click Contact Us to give us Your Feedback!