https://www.winkflash.com/help/frequently-asked-questions
Our website is currently undergoing scheduled maintenance. Photo Management, Projects and ordering are currently unavailable. We apologize for the inconvenience.SHOP EARLY! You may experience delayed shipping times due to COVID-19!
Sign up to receive special offers
My Account
My Account My Photos My Projects Sign In / Sign Out Join Now Help Order Status Special Offers Contact Us
Special OffersContact Us
Prints& BannersCanvasPrintsPhotoBooksGreetingCardsPhotoGiftsBusinessProducts
Home » Contact Us » Frequently Asked QuestionsFrequently Asked Questions
Order Products on Winkflash
When can I expect to receive my order?
Estimated Processing and Shipping Times
Ground orders are generally delivered in 10-12 business days.
Express orders are generally delivered in 5-7 business days.
Business days do not include weekends and holidays.Orders with multiple products may ship in separate packages.
How can I pay for my order?
Winkflash currently accepts PayPal, MasterCard, Visa, American Express & Discover
Do you ship outside the United States?
We provide shipping to the United States only.
Do you charge sales tax?
Due to a Supreme Court ruling on June 21, 2018 in the case of South Dakota v. Wayfair Inc., the court stated that individual states can require online sellers to collect state sales tax on internet purchases. Most states collect tax from out-of-state sellers today, with the exception of a few. Please check your state laws to learn more.
How do I update item quantities within the Shopping Cart?
Access your current Shopping Cart by clicking on the "SHOPPING CART" button on the top right of our page.Next to the product you wish to update, change the Quantity listed to the desired quantity, and click the "Update" button that appears to apply the change. Optionally, you can click the "Trash Can" icon to remove that item from your shopping cart completely.
What if I have a question about my order or would like to cancel my order?
Please, Contact Us. CLICK HERE
How do I refund my order?
We ask that you email us a photo showing our mistake. If you request a replacement, we'll replace, or arrange for you to reorder the original items at no charge.
Any questions just contact us! CLICK HERE.
How many Promo codes, vouchers or coupons can I use per order?
One promo code can be used per order. Discount does not apply to shipping unless specified. Promo is only valid on Winkflash.com and does not apply to apps or pick up at store.
What is Print/Card Minimum $5.00?
At Winkflash.com, we strive to offer the lowest pricing possible, and in order to do so each order must be a minimum of $5.00.This DOES NOT mean you have to order $5.00 worth of the same item on Winkflash, this only means that your final order subtotal (before shipping) must be greater than $5.00. Any questions just contact us! CLICK HERE.
Getting pictures into Winkflash
What file types can I upload?
JPEG (.jpg), PNG & TIFFAlthough you can upload any of the above files types, our labs can only print standard RGB mode JPEG (.jpg) images. If your image is not a JPEG (.jpg) image, our website will attempt to convert it for you, however this may produce undesired results. We highly recommend only uploading JPEG (.jpg) images.
What is the largest file size I can upload?
We do not recommend uploading photos larger than 10 Megabytes. Although the site may allow you to upload larger images, it will only slow down the order production process.
Can I order prints from images with any color profile (sRGB, CMYK, ICC)?
We take pride in offering the best consumer quality printing and exclusively use sRGB color profile for our products. The sRGB color profile is the standard for consumer digital cameras. Images submitted that use other color profiles or have been edited with other color profiles may appear washed out or the printed color may not match the image. Using your pictures on Winkflash How do I Upload Photos to Winkflash?
When you are ordering Prints or creating canvas, or other products, click the blue " Upload Photos" Button.On a ComputerYou can optionally create new collections of photos to help you better organize and manage your online photos. Simply click on the " New Collection" button located at the buttom left of your screen when viewing your photo collections.
Can I move photos from one collection to another?
Not at this time. Using a computer, you can create new collections of photos, Delete photos from each collection and change the privacy settings of collections.
How can I delete a photo?
You must use a computer to access our website.From the Order Prints screen, select the photo(s) you would like to delete. Click on the delete button that appears on the top right above the photo area, and confirm that you want to delete your photo(s).
How do I delete a collection of photos?
You must use a computer to access our website.From the Order Prints screen, select the collection you would like to delete. Click on the collection settings "" button that appears above the photo area, Then click the red "Delete Collection" button in the pop up box.
Can I download my Pictures back to my phone or computer?
Yes, Select your photo, and click the Download Icon.(Note, You can only download one photo at a time)
Can I edit my photos online?
Yes! Using a computer to access our website, from the Order Prints screen, select the photo you would like to edit. Click the edit drop down button that appears on the top right above the photo area. You can edit your photos on our website using the free "Adobe Creative Cloud" app.
Do you color correct my photos?
We do not apply any corrections to your photos. We do however calibrate our machines to ensure you are getting the best color quality possible, which should closely match the images you send us for printing.
Do you Automatically Crop My Photos?
If you order a print size that does not fit your image, your photos will be cropped. Our site will prompt you to crop your images by adjusting the crop area on each image prior to check out. Move and resize the green box to crop your images to fit your print selection.Optionally, you can choose to have us print all your photos without cropping.
Can I share my photos on Winkflash with other people?
Yes!All collections created by default are private, and all photos in each collection are private. If you would like to share your photos, you must first make the album you would like to share publically viewable. Click on the collection settings "" button that appears above the photo area, Then click the "Privacy Tab" in the pop up box.Under Privacy, change "Sharing" to "PUBLIC" to enable sharing of photos within this collection. At this point you can optionally create a password needed to access your photos (which you can provide friends and family) or just send them a link which is provided. Only those with a link to your collection can access your photos, however they will NOT have access to your personal account or information.Email Photo SharingOnce a collections settings have been set to "PUBLIC", you can easily share your collection by clicking the "" Share button located above the photo area. Enter in the email of your recipient(s) and a custom message, and they will receive an email inviting them to view your photos.
Icon DirectoryLearn about each tool we offer to help you manage your photos and create amazing projects and discover new options to help your creativity bloom with ideas to help you create the perfect item with your memories.View Icon Directory »AboutTerms & Conditions Privacy Policy Our Guarantee NEW on Winkflash BlogHelp & SupportFrequently Asked Questions Sign Up for Special Offers Pricing & Shipping Bulk Orders Sitemap Contact usMobile Apps 1 Hour Photo Canvas Prints© 2020 Winkflash