http://www.novanix.com/privacy
Home
About Us
Enterprise Services
Contact Us
Policies
Privacy Policy
User Policy
Terms Of Service
>
Privacy Policy
Novanix is committed to maintaining your confidence and trust, and accordingly maintains the following privacy policy to protect personal information you provide online.
Basic Confidentiality Policy
It is Novanix's policy that personal information, such as your name, postal and e-mail address or telephone number, is private and confidential. Accordingly, the personal information you provide is stored in a secure location, is accessible only by designated staff, and is used only for the purposes for which you provide the information (such as to reply to your request or to handle your complaint). For example, when you file a complaint about a business online, the personal information you provide will be used to process your complaint.
No Release of Information to Third Parties
Personal information will not be released to third parties except to further the purpose for which you provide the information, such as sending your complaint to the company for action, or if release is required by law or is pertinent to judicial or governmental investigations or proceedings. There are no other circumstances under which we will provide or sell personal information to third parties.
No Computer Tracking of Identifiable Information
Our servers are not set up to track, collect or distribute personal information about its visitors. It does recognize the home server of visitors, but not e-mail addresses. For example, we can tell which Internet Service Provider our visitors use, but not the names, addresses or other information about our visitors that would allow us to identify the particular visitors to our sites. This information is used only for internal purposes by Novanix technical support staff. In addition, our web sites track information about the visits to our web sites. For example, we compile statistics that show the daily number of visitors to our sites, the daily requests we receive for particular files on our web sites, and what countries those requests come from. These aggregated statistics are used internally to better provide services to the public and may also be provided to others, but again, the statistics contain no personal information and cannot be used to gather such information.
All content is Copyright © Novanix, LLC. 1999-2020 | Privacy Policy