https://www.puca.com/privacy-policy/
Products
Mobile Messaging
Mobile Applications
Solutions
Mobile Marketing
Business Efficiency
Customer Experience
Company
About us
Careers
Whitepapers
Case Studies
Blog
Contact
Log in
Contact us
Log in
MENUMENU.Products
Mobile MessagingReliable and secure mobile messaging services tailored to your business needs
MobileApplications
Award-winning web and mobile app design and development
Multichannel Engagement
Personalized customer engagement across multiple digital channels
Bulk SMS
Impower
API’s
App Development
Process
App Portfolio
ImpowerTM
Platform
Context and Personalization
Smart Vouchers and Tokens
Solutions
Mobile MarketingSupercharge your marketing and promotions with our innovative, data-driven solutions
Business EfficiencyStreamline your business processes and get cost savings straight to your bottom line
Customer ExperienceProvide your customers the convenience they expect through mobile apps and interactive messaging
Smart Promotion
Mobile Loyalty
Business Messaging
Mobile Enterprise Apps
Self-Service Apps
Call Centre Solutions
Company
About us
Careers
Whitepapers
Case StudiesBlog
Privacy Policy
This privacy statement was last updated: 21st May 2018
This privacy notice applies to Púca Technologies Ltd and the entities we own or control (“Púca”, “we”, “us” or “our”) with offices at 8 Castlewood Place, Rathmines, Dublin 6, Ireland.
This policy applies where we are acting as a data controller with respect to the personal data of our website visitors and service users; in other words, where we determine the purposes and means of the processing of that personal data.
THIS POLICY DOES NOT APPLY TO THE DATA YOU SHARE WITH US WHERE YOU, OR OTHER THIRD PARTIES, ARE THE DATA CONTROLLER AND WE ARE THE DATA PROCESSOR.
Púca is committed to protecting your personal information by processing it responsibly and safeguarding it using appropriate technical, administrative and physical security measures.
This privacy policy explains what information we gather about you, what we use that information for and to whom we give the information.
We will use your personal data only for the purposes and in the manner set out below.
What information do we collect?
We may collect or obtain information about you that you provide to us, that we obtain from third parties or that is publicly available.
For example, when using any contact form on our site e.g. request a callback, download, webinar etc, you will be asked to enter certain information about yourself including your name, e-mail address, company name, phone number and other relevant details. If you are purchasing from us we may also collect payment information including credit or debit card information.
We may collect information about your usage of our website or in the course of providing our services to you as well as information about you from e-mails or letters you send to us or during telephone conversations between us.
What do we use your information for?
Your information will enable us to provide you with access to all parts of our website and to supply the goods or services you have requested. It will also enable us to bill you and to contact you where necessary concerning your orders and your ongoing account with us.
In particular, we may use your information to contact you for your views on our services and to notify you occasionally about important changes or developments to the website or our services. Further, we might also use your information to let you know about other products and services which we offer which may be of interest to you, including available product and service upgrades and special offers and we may contact you by post, telephone or fax, as well as by e-mail.
If you do not wish to be contacted in the future, you can opt out at any time using the unsubscribe facility provided.
Disclosure of your Information
The information you provide to us will be held on computers in Ireland and may be accessed by or given to third parties some of whom are located outside the European Economic Area who act for us for the purposes set out in this policy or for other purposes approved by you. Those parties process information, fulfil and deliver orders, process credit card payments and provide support services on our behalf. We may also pass aggregate information on the usage of the Website to third parties but this will not include information that can be used to identify you. Finally, if our business enters into a joint venture with or is sold to or merged with another business entity, your information may be disclosed to our new business partners or owners.
Countries outside the European Economic Area do not always have strong data protection laws. However, we will always take appropriate steps to ensure that your information is used by third parties in accordance with this policy.
Unless required to do so by law, we will not otherwise share, sell or distribute any of the information you provide to us without your consent.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a range of security measures including Data Security technology, monitoring and staff training, to protect your information from access by unauthorised persons and against unlawful processing, accidental loss, destruction and damage. In particular, your information will be stored on a dedicated server architecture within a secure data facility.
The legal grounds we use for processing personal data
We are required by law to set out in this privacy policy the legal grounds on which we rely in order to process your personal data. We rely on one or more of the following lawful grounds:
– the processing is necessary to perform the agreement we have with you or to take steps to enter into an agreement with you;
– the processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation we have such as keeping records for tax purposes or providing information to a public body or law enforcement agency; or
– the processing is necessary for the purposes of a legitimate interest pursued by us, which might be:
(a) to provide our services to you or our clients and other third parties and ensure that our client engagements are well-managed;
(b) to prevent fraud;
(c) to protect our business interests;
(d) to ensure that complaints are investigated;
(e) to evaluate, develop or improve our services or products; or
(f) to keep you or our clients informed about relevant products and services and provide you with information, unless you have indicated at any time that you do not wish us to do so.
– To the extent that we process any special categories of data relating to you for any of the purposes outlined above, we will do so because either: (i) you have given us your explicit consent to process that data; (ii) we are required by law to process that data in order to comply with our legal obligations; (iii) the processing is necessary to carry out our obligations under employment, social security or social protection law; (iv) the processing is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims or (v) you have made the data manifestly public.
Do we use cookies?
Yes. A ‘cookie’ is a small piece of data sent from a website and stored on the user’s computer by the user’s web browser while the user is browsing. When you visit a site that uses cookies for the first time, a cookie is downloaded onto your computer/mobile device so that the next time you visit that site, your device will remember useful information such as items added in the shopping cart, visited pages or logging in options.
Cookies are widely used in order to make websites work, or to work more efficiently, and our site and services rely on cookies to optimise user experience, to keep track of advertisements and for features and services to function properly.
Most web browsers allow some control to restrict or block cookies through the browser settings, however if you disable cookies you may find this affects your ability to use certain parts of our website or services. For more information about cookies visit https://www.aboutcookies.org.
This website uses Google AdWords
This website uses the Google AdWords remarketing service to advertise on third party websites (including Google) to previous visitors to our site. It could mean that we advertise to previous visitors who haven’t completed a task on our site, for example using the contact form to make an enquiry. This could be in the form of an advertisement on the Google search results page, or a site in the Google Display Network. Third-party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on someone’s past visits to the Púca website. Of course, any data collected will be used in accordance with our own privacy policy and Google’s privacy policy.
You can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Preferences page, and if you want you can opt out of interest-based advertising entirely by updating your cookie settings.
Subject Access Requests and Corrections
You may request a copy of your data held by us as data controller by sending an email to dataprotection@puca.com, specifying the information you wish to access e.g. your contact number or email address. You can use the same process for data corrections. We can then provide you with a copy of the data retained by us – normally within one month of the request by you. There is no charge to access your data however we may also ask for proof of ID in order to verify your access request. All access requests should be addressed to dataprotection@puca.com
Please note that for security and verification purposes, if you are the customer of one of our clients for whom we act as a data processor, you must submit the access request to the client directly, and they will request the information from us accordingly.
We will only hold on to your data for as long as necessary for the purpose stated or as may be required by law.
At any time, you may object to the processing of your data by us, except when otherwise provided by applicable law, by contacting us at dataprotection@puca.com
Changes to our Privacy Policy
Any changes to our privacy policy in the future will be posted to this website and, where appropriate, through e-mail notification.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Statement, please contact us by email addressed to dataprotection@puca.com and/or by post to:
Data Protection Officer, Púca, 8 Castlewood Place, Rathmines, Dublin 6, Ireland
Join us
We're currently hiring. If you're interested, check out our careers page
more
We use cookies to help improve our service and ensure that we give you the best user experience.I AgreeFind out more