http://www.coffeecup.com/legal/
The Team
Meet the masterminds behind the great CoffeeCup software products and services.
The Latest News
Check out the scoop about what’s happening around CoffeeCup.
Our Channels
Get Our Newsletter
Stay in the know with our latest news, specials, and updates by subscribing to our newsletter.
Contact Us
Have a question? Send our team a message and we’ll be happy to steer you in the right direction.
Store
Developer Pack
Own everything you would need to create an epic online web presence.
Sites Pack
Create stunning websites for businesses & organizations.
Emails Pack
Build better performing emails, newsletters, and landing pages.
Forms Pack
Make data entry forms that look unique and appealing.
Software
Sites
Site Designer
Create websites visually. Drag, drop, click, and slide your way to stunning sites.
The HTML Editor
Code connoisseurs will love this award winning code editing app.
Forms
Web Form Builder
A full-service, code-free form development app. Easily build contact forms, surveys, collect payments, capture signatures and more.
Form Designer
Craft beautiful forms. This frontend design app gives you 100% controls over every aspect of the form’s styles.
Emails
Email Designer
Build emails, newsletters, and sales notices that match your branding and display nicely and work great across email clients.
Free Stuff
Enjoy our free products
Free HTML Editor
Web Form Builder Lite
Free FTP
Services
S-Drive
One Click Web Hosting
One-click web hosting. A cozy home for your websites.
Web Form Hosting
Hassle-free form hosting. Embed into any website. Track stats and store submissions.
Post From Anywhere
Create a blog about your business, your bowling league, or for your church meet-ups. Really perfect for anyone!
Easy File Storage
Keep all your important files backed up in a safe location that you can access anywhere!
Plans & Pricing
You can upgrade, downgrade or cancel your account at any time.
Support
Support
Contact our tech support team for any questions regarding your software.
User Forums
Stuck on a design challenge? Looking for inspiration? Want to make new webbie friends? Join the community of CoffeeCup fans.
Video Tutorials
Watch our growing collection of helpful video tutorials to learn the skills you’ll need to master the apps.
User Stories
Our software rocks. Hear from CoffeeCup customer’s how our apps have helped them.
Articles
Here you can find all the articles about web design and software.
Contact Us
Have a question? Send our team a message and we’ll be happy to steer you in the right direction.
Templates
HTML Editor
Advanced Web Design
The HTML Editor
Made for authentic code enthusiasts.
Free Stuff
Free HTML Editor
Get a taste of our award-winning code editor.
Sign In or Up
Our lawyers made us do this…
We are just like most people, we don’t like fine print. Unfortunately, running a business means you need to have some legal notices in place about what you do and how you do it.  So we added some language to make clear how our products, services and site may be used, as well as some clarifications on our privacy policy. We suppose it's better to have this stuff than to get in trouble and spend all our time talking to lawyers instead of making cool apps. Our suite of web design software and series of responsive apps would never have happened without 100% dedication and devotion — enjoy!
Our Legal Notices and Other Information:
Copyright and Trademark Information
End User License Agreement
Privacy Policy
Purchases made through Apple App Store™
Technical Support
Trial Software Distribution Agreement
Website Terms of Use
CoffeeCup Software reserves the right to change these policies at any time. While it is not our intention to do so, there may be factors outside of our control that require us to implement changes to our policies. If you have questions about these policies or something that's not covered here, please contact us and we will do our best to address your concerns.
Close