http://www.cgchannel.com/privacy
Community for Entertainment Artists
From Gnomon – School of Visual Effects, Games + Animation
News
New tools and CG technology
Daily News
Event Coverage
Features
Reviews, analysis and artist profiles
Product Focus
Production Coverage
CG Elite
Training
Free tutorials and training videos
Free Tutorials
Training Videos
Eye Candy
Shorts, reels and VFX breakdowns
CG Theatre
On Facebook
Free Resources
Tools, textures, HDRIs and models
Workshops
Professional CG training online
Connect
Signup for the Newsletter
First Name
Last Name
Email
Close window
Privacy Policy
CG Channel recognizes that privacy is important. This Privacy Policy applies to all of the products, services and websites offered by CG Channel.
Information we collect and how we use it
We offer a number of services that do not require you to register for an account or provide any personal information to us, such as reading articles or news on CG Channel. In order to provide our full range of services, we may collect the following types of information:
Information you provide – When you sign up for a CG Channel account or other CG Channel service or promotion that requires registration, we ask you for personal information (such as your name, email address and an account password).  Primarily, this information is used to enhance the CG Channel community by having less anonymity between members, and thus less harassment and offensive behavior on forums.Under no circumstances does CG Channel sell or provide your contact information to other companies.
Cookies – When you visit CG Channel, we send one or more cookies – a small file containing a string of characters – to your computer or other device that uniquely identifies your browser. We use cookies to improve the quality of our service, including storing encrypted login information so that you can use CG Channel without having to login every time.
Log information – When you access CG Channel, our servers automatically record information that your browser sends whenever you visit a website. These server logs may include information such as your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
User communications – When you send email or other communications to CG Channel, we may retain those communications in order to process your inquiries, respond to your requests and improve our services.
Other sites – This Privacy Policy applies to CG Channel services only. We do not exercise control over the sites linked to from CG Channel. These other sites may place their own cookies or other files on your computer, collect data or solicit personal information from you.
News
Download the project files for Epic Games' Meerkat demo
Get the free Maya and UE4 files for Epic Games' beautiful new demo, created using the hair tools in Unreal Engine 4.26.							Read more »
December 10, 2020
Download 28 free mocap moves from ActorCore
Get free walk and combat moves from Reallusion's new online library. FBX format, for commercial use.							Read more »
December 9, 2020
Pixologic ships ZBrush 2021.5
Check out the clever Thick Skin system, new detailing tools and updates to ZModeler in the latest update to the digital sculpting app.							Read more »
December 9, 2020
Autodesk ships Maya 2020.4 and Maya LT 2020.4
Check out the new features in the 3D animation software, including a big update to its Bifrost toolset.							Read more »
December 8, 2020
Browse More »
CG Elite
See 10 great VFX breakdowns from the 2019 V-Ray showreel
See breakdowns of 10 key movies, TV series and ads created in V-Ray from Chaos Group's 2019 showreel. Read more »
August 12, 2019
Browse More »
News
Features
Reviews
Training
Eye Candy
Free Resources
About
Contact
Advertise
Subscribe
Facebook
Twitter
© CG Channel Inc. All Rights. Privacy Policy.
CG Channel is part of the Gnomon group of companies: