http://www.zeta.systems/about/privacy.php
Zetavault
Intro
What is ZFS?
ZFS Features
SAN
NAS
High Availability
REST API
Hardware
Certification
Editions
Screenshots
Pricing
Download
Installation Guide
FAQ
Blog
Secure Services
Blog
Privacy Policy
How Your Information Will Be Used
Unless you are applying for a credit account, your information will not be shared with a third party unless required to do so by law.
If you wish to apply for a credit account then we will share your details with credit reference agencies for use in credit decisions and for fraud detection and prevention. The information which is required from you can be found on our Credit Application page.
Zeta Storage Systems collects personal information when you register with us or place an order for products or services. We will use this information to provide the services requested and to maintain warranty records.
The only personal information Zeta Storage Systems will store will be your name, address, telephone number and email address which is necessary in order for us to provide you with our goods or services and for the prevention and detection of fraud. These details will not be shared with any third parties except if required to do so by law.
Marketing
Occasionally we would like to send you information about our own products and services by email. This is always opt-in.
You have a right at any time to stop us from contacting you for marketing purposes by emailing us at office@zeta.systems or by replying STOP to one of our marketing emails.
Access To Your Information And Correction
You have a right to request a copy of the information that we hold on you. If you would like some or all of your personal information, please email us at office@zeta.systems.
We want to make sure that your personal information is accurate and up to date. You may ask us to correct or remove information you think is inaccurate.
Other Websites
Our website contains links to other websites. This privacy policy only applies to this website.
Cookies
Cookies are required for this site to operate properly. Cookies are collected in a way which does not personally identify you.
We use cookies for two purposes:
For login to secure.zeta.systems
For Google Analytics - which is used to gather statistics about visits to this site
Cookies We Use
This table describes the cookies we use to allow our site to operate properly.
Name
Description
Expiration
PHPSESSID
Used for login to secure.zeta.systems. We need this to determine if you are logged in.
Session.
PRIVACY_NOTICE
Used to remember if a visitor has read this page.
1 year.
__utma
Used by Google Analytics to track first and last visits.
2 years.
__utmb
Used by Google Analytics to calculate visitor arrival time.
30 minutes.
__utmc
Used by Google Analytics to calculate visitor exit time.
Session.
__utmz
Used by Google Analytics to determine where visitors to our site were referred from.
6 months.
Changes To Our Privacy Policy
We keep our privacy policy under regular review and we place any updates on this page. This privacy policy was last updated on 24 May 2018.
How To Contact Us
Please contact us if you have any questions about our privacy policy or the information we hold about you:
office@zeta.systems
Zeta Storage Systems Limited
Company
About Us
Contact
Blog
Products
Zetavault
Legal
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Copyright 2019 Zeta Storage Systems