https://www.vletter.com/help/privacy-policy.html
Home » Help » Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy – Last Modified: June 1, 2018
We take your privacy very seriously and we will not share any information you give us with anyone else unless required by law. We will never sell, rent or otherwise distribute the information that you or your users submit on our website. We take your privacy seriously and we want you to feel comfortable using our services.
About us
vLetter, inc (“vLetter”, ”we”, ”us”) is a registered technology company offering computer fonts and services for individuals, businesses, and resellers.
We provide this Privacy Policy to inform you of our privacy practices as they pertain to our website, vLetter.com (the “Site”) and subdomains of this domain. We also intend for this policy to inform you about our privacy practices as they pertain to your use of our Web Applications and services (collectively, the “Service”). This Privacy Policy applies to all aspects of the Service, whether made available or accessed via our Site, via the websites of our partners, via other third parties, or on mobile devices.
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on the Site. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes.
1. Personally Identifiable Information
We collect personally identifiable information (“PII”) via the Site and the Service. PII is any information that may be used to contact, identify or locate an individual, and includes, but is not limited to, your name, phone number, email address and postal addresses. vLetter generally collects PII under the following scenarios:
When you choose to provide us with your PII via the Site; including, when you send us an email asking a question, we use that information to answer your question and will store it for a reasonable time.
We periodically publish an email newsletter. If you provide us with your email address for the purposes of receiving vLetter’s email newsletter, we may also email you with further information and offers from vLetter and/or third parties that we believe you may find useful or interesting. If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to receive such communications, please follow the unsubscribe instructions provided within the email.
When Developers and vLetter Clients register to use the Service via the Site, vLetter collects their name, company, email address, website URL and telephone number. vLetter also asks them to select a password for their account. vLetter uses this information to help maintain their account.
If you choose to use the Service via one of the many open standards for user authentication and access control (e.g., OpenID, OAuth, etc.) that enable you to link the Service with accounts you have already established with social networking platforms (e.g., Facebook, Twitter, etc.) and/or email platforms (e.g., Gmail), vLetter will collect the PII as well as other information that you have already provided to the social networking or email platform. This PII may include your name, email address, postal address, and demographic information such as age, gender and income. Although vLetter won’t use your PII in this manner without your affirmative (“Opt-in”) consent, vLetter may use the demographic information collected this way to increase the relevance of the content that you see while online. In all instances, vLetter obtains and uses this information in accordance with the policies of the social networking or email platform.
When Developers or Clients use the Service and collect PII, vLetter will immediately transfer the PII back to the Developer or Client and cache such PII for a reasonable time, in order to improve the performance of the service. Please note that information collected by such Web Applications is subject to that particular Developer or Client’s privacy policy, and that vLetter is merely facilitating the collection and transfer of the PII in accordance with that privacy policy. vLetter takes reasonable steps to ensure that our Developers and Clients update their privacy policies accordingly
2. Non-Personally Identifiable Information
vLetter also collects non-personally identifiable information (“Non-PII”) via the Site and Service. Non-PII is information that may not, on its own, be used to identify or locate a personal or entity, and includes your IP address, browser type, and your computer’s operating system. vLetter collects Non-PII under the following scenarios:
When you visit the Site, our servers automatically collect Non-PII, including but not limited to your IP address, the number, frequency and duration of your visit to the Site and specific pages viewed, your browser type, your Internet Service Provider, your computer’s operating system, the web page you were visiting before you came to the Site, and information you search for on the Site. This information is used for Site maintenance, to improve the relevance of the content that you see, and for reporting purposes.
When you register on the Site, the vLetter servers automatically collect the Non-PII items described above as well as your interactions with vLetter’s staff and other registered Site users. We retain this Non-PII in our internal system as part of your registered account. We use this information internally to analyze the aggregate activities and preferences of our registered Site users, and to track and assess your interest in becoming a paid subscriber to the Service
When you use the Service, the vLetter servers automatically collect Non-PII including but not limited to your IP address, web pages viewed (including but not limited to web pages where Web Applications(s) are located, your browser type, your Internet Service Provider, your interactions with vLetter’s Web Applications (e.g., the amount of time you spent viewing a video embedded within a Web Application), the web page you were visiting before you came to the Service, and information you search for via the Service. This information is used for Site maintenance, to improve the relevance of the content that you see, and for reporting purposes. Please note that Web Developers and Clients may also collect Non-PII as it pertains to their Web Applications, and that the information collected by the Service and transferred to Clients and Developers is subject to that particular Developer or Client’s privacy policy. vLetter takes reasonable steps to ensure that our Developers and Clients update their privacy policies accordingly.
When you create a Web Application which is using the Service, vLetter may record data related to that activity, including but not limited to the URL of the web page(s) where the Web Application is deployed. We use that information to help maintain and track the effectiveness of the Service.
3. GDPR Compliance
As a controller of vLetter customers’ personal data, we recognize our responsibility to respect privacy rights and to put in place appropriate standards of data protection.
What’s GDPR?
The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) is a new European privacy regulation which will replace the current EU Data Protection Directive (Directive 95/46/EC). The GDPR aims to strengthen the security and protection of personal data in the EU and harmonize EU data protection law. The GDPR applies to vLetter because we hold and process “personal identifiable data” of EU residents. Personal data is any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person.
What are the benefits for you with GDPR?
One of the key aspects of the GDPR is that it creates consistency across EU member states on how personal data can be processed, used, and exchanged securely. We able to demonstrate security of the data we are processing and our compliance with GDPR on a continual basis, by implementing and regularly reviewing robust technical and organizational measures, as well as compliance policies.
Data Processing Agreements (DPA)
vLetter uses 3rd to process personal data that we may collect and to comply with the GDPR requirements, we have a DPA in place with all 3rd party services we use.
4. Cookies and Tracking Pixels
vLetter uses “cookies” in connection with the Site and the Service. A cookie is a small data file that the vLetter servers transfer to your computer for record-keeping purposes. vLetter uses “persistent cookies” to save your username and login password for future logins to the Site and the Service. vLetter uses “session ID cookies” to enable certain features of the Service, to better understand how you interact with the Service and to monitor web traffic routing on the Site and aggregate usage of the Service. vLetter also uses “flash cookies” to enable certain features of the Service, and to help store the non-PII we use to deliver more relevant content to you via the Site, the Service, and on other websites you may visit. vLetter also use web beacons in connection with the Site and Service. Tracking pixels (also known as “1×1 pixels” or “clear GIFs”) are small strings of code that provide a method for delivering a graphic image on a web page or in an email message for the purpose of transferring data.
5. Third Party Data Collection
vLetter may use third-party companies to serve ads and/or collect Non-PII (e.g., the pages you visit, and which links you click, which ads you see and click on, and the categories of search terms you enter, and certain demographic information such as age and gender) when you visit the vLetter Site and/or use the Service(s). Please note that some Non-PII (which does not include demographic information) is also collected from End Users who simply visit the Site and/or visit a web page where the Service is enabled. Please note that the vLetter Service facilitates the sharing of Web Applications across many different websites, and that it may not be obvious that a Web Application is present on any particular website that you are visiting.
6. Information Sharing and Disclosure
In addition to the data collection and use practices outlined above, we may share or otherwise disclose information to third parties under the following circumstances.
Aggregate Information and Non-Identifying Information.
vLetter may share aggregated information with Clients, Developers, prospective Clients and prospective Developers as well as the press in order to demonstrate usage of the Service, spot industry trends, and to generate publicity for the Service. Any aggregated information shared in these contexts will not contain PII.
Service Providers
vLetter may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate the Service and/or to provide services on it`s behalf, (including, without limitation, bill and credit card payment processing, maintenance, hosting and database management services, web analytics and administration). These third parties have access to PII only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated by contract not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Compliance with Laws and Law Enforcement.
vLetter cooperates with government and law enforcement officials and private parties to enforce and comply with the law. vLetter will disclose any information about you to government or law enforcement officials or private parties as vLetter, in it`s sole discretion, believes necessary or appropriate to respond to claims and legal process (including but not limited to subpoenas), to protect the property and rights of vLetter or a third party, to protect the safety of the public or any person, or to prevent or stop any activity vLetter may consider to be, or to pose a risk of being, illegal, unethical, inappropriate or legally actionable.
Business Transfers
vLetter may sell, transfer or otherwise share some or all of its assets, including PII and any other information it has, in connection with a merger, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets, or in the event of bankruptcy.
7. Changing or Deleting Your Information
Anyone with a registered vLetter account may review, update, correct or delete the PII in their registration profile by logging into their account and changing the “End User preferences” associated with their account. vLetter may retain an archived copy of your records as required by law or for legitimate business purposes. If you’d like vLetter to delete any PII that it has on you, please send an email to privacy @ vLetter.com.
8. Information Security
The security of your information is important to us, including but not limited to the PII collected via the Site and Service. We have implemented reasonable security measures to protect the information in our care, both during transmission and once we receive it. This includes, but is not limited to the use of firewalls and encryption. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
9. International Transfer – Storage in the European Union
Information collected on this Site or via the Service may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your jurisdiction. If you are located outside the European Union and choose to provide information to vLetter, please be advised that we transfer PII to the European Union and process it there. Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your consent to that transfer.
10. Changes to this Privacy Policy
This privacy policy is subject to change. If we make any substantive changes in the way that we use the information collected through the Site or the Service, we will post a clear and conspicuous notice of those changes on the Site and in this privacy policy.
Handwriting Font Store
››› Buy Here!
Your Shopping Cart
0
items
–
$0
View Cart
|
Check out
Your cart is empty.
vLetter Font License Click here for EULA info...
Tips & Tricks Newsletter
vLetter Font Tips
Schoolhouse Educational Font Tips
Daily Font of the Day Notification
Special Offers
Leave this field empty if you're human:
Search Site
Search for:
Recent Posts
Download “Cowboybill” Handwriting Font of the Day for 12/10/2020
Download “Ronalds” Handwriting Font of the Day for 12/09/2020
Dakota Typeface Value Packs