https://www.cmdsonline.com/privacy-policy/
Agency Meet Your Team CareersServices Branding & Design Web Services Digital Marketing Social Media Content Marketing Email Video ConsultingWorkBlogContact732.706.5555info@cmdsonline.comCorporate address265 State Route 34, Bldg 2 Colts Neck, NJ 07721Mailing addressP.O. Box 162 Middletown, NJ 07748
Featured ArticleHow Alternative Investment Companies Attract More Financial Advisors for Their Funds Read More CMDS’ Privacy PolicyThis Privacy Policy applies to the www.cmdsonline.com Web site and explains the types of information we collect from you and how we use the collected information. CMDS reserves the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy and such changes will become effective when posted at https://www.cmdsonline.com/privacy-policy/. Therefore, it is recommended that you check this Privacy Policy on a regular basis. Your continued access and use of www.cmdsonline.com acknowledges that you understand this Privacy Policy and accept its terms and conditions. If you do not agree with the Privacy Policy, please do not access and use this Web Site. Types of Information CollectedCMDS does not collect any personal information about you such as your name, mailing, or e mail address except when such information is voluntarily provided by you to www.cmdsonline.com through this Web site. Whether you provide any information is entirely up to you.The types of data collected will include IP addresses, cookie identifiers, website activity and in the cases where customer fills out a form, it will include all field information filled out by the customer.CMDS does collect non-personally identifiable aggregate information about visitors when pages on www.cmdsonline.com are requested through a Web browser. This information is used for analytical and statistical purposes and includes information such as a visitor’s host name, internet protocol (IP) address, browser type and version, date and time of the visit, the page from which the visitor accessed the current page, the request made by the visitor, volume, traffic pattern, and related site information. CMDS may use this information to tailor your online experience on www.cmdsonline.com. CookiesCMDS may utilize a standard technology called “cookies” to collect information about your use of www.cmdsonline.com. A “cookie” is a text file that is sent to a browser from a web site and stored on a computer’s hard disk. Cookies record information about a visitor to a web site, the pages that were visited by the visitor, the date of the visit, and any preferences that may have been set while the visitor was browsing the site. This information may be used by CMDS, now or in the future, to control your access to certain features, customization of content, or to analyze your activity and behavior on www.cmdsonline.com. Cookies cannot retrieve any other data from your hard drive nor obtain your e-mail address nor read cookies that were created by other web sites. The browser only allows the Web site that created the cookie the ability to access it.When visitors come to our site, third parties may place cookies on visitors’ browsers for targeted advertising purposes. You may avoid that by utilizing ad blocker on your browser. Or to opt out of receiving targeted advertising, click here www.aboutads.infoIf you are concerned about the use of cookies, your Web browser’s options may be set to notify you when a cookie is saved to your computer or to disallow cookies. Prohibiting the use of cookies may restrict your access to certain types of content or features. Use of Collected InformationCMDS will use the information you provide on www.cmdsonline.com, for the purpose of Lead Generation; CMDS will contact you via email or telephone, to inform you about CMDS services.CMDS does not sell or rent personal information collected through www.cmdsonline.com to anyone or share your individual profile with other third parties (unless requested to do so to comply with legal proceedings or law enforcement investigations). However, CMDS does share your information in aggregate form only. Links to Other SitesCMDS may contain links to the Web sites of our clients, partners, sponsors, or of other third parties. CMDS is not responsible for the privacy practices of or any content on any of these third parties web sites. CMDS encourages you to review the privacy policies, if any, of any visited web sites. This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by www.cmdsonline.com. SecurityCMDS uses industry standard application security measures on www.cmdsonline.com, to help protect the storage of your personally identifiable information that is temporarily stored on our Web server. However, data transmission over the Internet is not secure. CMDS cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or receive from us including information you transmit to us by e-mail. ChildrenCMDS does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13 years of age. Children should always ask parents for permission before providing personal information to any Web site. CMDS urges all parents to participate in their children’s exploration of the Internet and to teach them about safety and protecting their personal information on the Internet. Promotions; “Opt-In/Opt-Out” ElectionsBy filling out our forms on www.cmdsonline.com, you are “Opting In” to receive communication from CMDS to inform you of our services, new information or events we think might be of interest to you. You will have the opportunity to “opt-out” of this communication in the future, by “unsubscribing” or “opting-out” when you receive future communication from CMDS. Change your InformationYou may change your personally identifiable information at any time by contacting CMDS by clicking the CMDS logo at the bottom of the www.cmdsonline.com Web pages. Personal Data RequestYou may request access to the Personal Information that CMDS has collected about you during the previous 12 months, for a copy of Personal Information in a portable format, and that CMDS delete Personal Information it has about you.Depending on the nature of your request, we may contact you for further information if appropriate to verify your identity.  Note, however, that CMDS will never ask you for sensitive personal or financial information when verifying your identity.CMDS will not discriminate against anyone that makes a request to access, delete, or limit our use of Personal Information, but in some cases we will not be able to provide our Services to you without that information. Please click here to make a request related to Personal Information about you. You may also make a request by calling 732-706-5555 or emailing info@cmdsonline.com.More about the types of privacy rights requests you can makeAccess: You can request more information about CMDS’s processing of your Personal Information during the previous 12 months.  Your request can include:the categories and specific pieces of Personal Information we collected from you,why we collected that information,when we collected that information, and/orthe categories of third parties from which we received Personal Information about you.Deletion: You can request that we erase some or all of your Personal Information from our systems.Please be aware that your request to delete Personal Information may not cover all of the Personal Information in CMDS’s possession.  We will continue to retain Personal Information that we use to provide our Services to you, preserve the security and functionality of our Services, protect our legal rights, and internally for other legitimate business purposes that are consistent with the reason why you provided us with the Personal Information and reasonable expectations. Contact InformationIf you have questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, you should contact us by clicking the CMDS logo at the bottom of the www.cmdsonline.com Web pages. EXPERIENCE GROWTHAttract attention through strategic brand positioning. Awesome! Now where can we contact you?
By submitting this form, you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy NEXT   protected by reCAPTCHA Privacy Terms
LET’S START GROWING YOUR BUSINESS(But first we need a little information from you) What's your name?
Email Address
Phone
By submitting this form, you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy Onward