http://www.bacwebdesign.com/privacypolicy.asp
Products
Responsive Designs
HTML Web Templates
FrontPage Templates
FrontPage 2003 DWT's
Dreamweaver DWT's
Ecommerce Templates
Scripts and Logos
Search by Color
All products
Browse store
Advanced search
Services
Custom Web Design
Web Site Hosting
E-commerce Solutions
Free Web Templates
Shopping cart
0 Product(s) in cart
Discounts $0.00
Total $0.00
» Checkout
Support
About us
Affiliates
Resources and Links
Support
Newsletter
Contact Us
Returns and Refunds
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy Statement
This is the web site of BAC Web Design.com.
We can be reached via e-mail at
sales@bacwebdesign.com
This Policy is effective on 1/1/2005
For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes only the consumer's domain name, but not the e-mail address (where possible).
We collect only the domain name, but not the e-mail address of visitors to our Web page, the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail, aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit, information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations.
The information we collect is used for internal review and is then discarded, used to improve the content of our Web page, used by us to contact consumers for marketing purposes, not shared with other organizations for commercial purposes.
With respect to cookies: We use cookies to store visitors preferences, record session information, such as items that consumers add to their shopping cart.
If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address or using the "unsubscribe" link found on ALL email newsletters we send out.
At no time do we make the e-mail addresses of those who access our site available to other organizations.
If you supply us with your postal address on-line you will only receive the information for which you provided us your address.
Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line will only receive telephone contact from us with information regarding orders they have placed on-line.
With respect to Ad Servers: We do not partner with or have special relationships with any ad server companies.
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our Web site to notify you of these changes and we will use for these new purposes only data collected from the time of the policy change forward. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our Web site periodically.
Customers may prevent their information from being used for purposes other than those for which it was originally collected by e-mailing us at the above address.
Upon request we provide site visitors with access to a description of information that we maintain about them.
Consumers can access this information by sending us e-mail us at the above address.
Upon request we offer visitors no ability to have factual inaccuracies corrected in information that we maintain about them
With respect to security: When we transfer and receive certain types of sensitive information such as financial information, we redirect visitors to a secure server and will notify visitors through a pop-up screen on our site and All credit card transactions are handled through a secure third party payment processor. BAC Web Design does not see, collect or store this information..
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above addresses or phone number, state or local chapters of the Better Business Bureau, The Federal Trade Commission by phone at 202.FTC-HELP (202.382.4357) or electronically at
http://www.ftc.gov/ftc/complaint.htm.