http://www.sourcecodesworld.com/about/terms-and-conditions.asp
Special : Web Developer's Collection CD-ROM
50,000+ Web Templates, Logos, Cliparts, Scripts. Order Now!
Add to Favorites
Make Home Page
88 Online
Language Categories
Source Codes Home
Project Ideas New!
Interview Questions
FAQs Home
ASP Home
ASP Source Codes
ASP Script Directory New!
ASP .Net Script Directory New!
ASP Interview Questions
ASP FAQs
ASP How Tos
C Home
C Source Codes
C Script Directory New!
C Interview Questions
C FAQs
C How Tos
C++ Home
C++ Source Codes
C++ Script Directory New!
C++ Interview Questions
C++ FAQs
C++ How Tos
Java Home
Java Source Codes
Java Directory New!
Java Interview Questions
Java FAQs
Java How Tos
JavaScript Home
JavaScript Directory New!
JavaScript Source Codes
JavaScript FAQs
JavaScript How Tos
COBOL Home
COBOL Source Codes
COBOL FAQs
COBOL How Tos
Pascal Home
Pascal Source Codes
Pascal FAQs
Pascal How Tos
PHP Script Directory New!
Python Script Directory New!
Perl & CGI Script Directory New!
Flash Script Directory New!
CFML Script Directory New!
Remotely Hosted Scripts New!
Tools & Utilities Directory New!
XML Script Directory New!
Best Programmers
Amit Mathur
Vishal Bhardwaj
Deepesh Jain
Vyom NetWork
Our Services
Get 9,000 Interview Questions & Answers in an eBook.
9500+ Pages
9000 Question & Answers
All Tech. Categories
14 MB Content
Get it now !!
Source Codes World.com Terms and Conditions
Welcome to our website. If you continue to browse and use this website you are
agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of
use, which together with our privacy policy govern our
relationship with you in relation to this website.
The term "Source Codes World.com" or "us" or "we" refers to the owner of the
website. The term "you" refers to the user or viewer of our website.
The use of this website is subject to the following terms of use:
The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and
use only. It is subject to change without notice.
Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the
accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the
information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular
purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain
inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such
inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your
own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility
to ensure that any products, services or information available through this
website meet your specific requirements.
This website contains material which is owned by us, except where noted. This
material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance
and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the
copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions.
All trademarks reproduced in this website, which are not the property of, or
licensed to the operator, are acknowledged on the website.
Unauthorised use of this website may give to a claim for damages and/or be a
criminal offence.
From time to time this website may also include links to other websites. These
links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do
not signify that we endorse the website(s). We have no responsibility for the
content of the linked website(s).
For any dispute arising out of your use of this website, the decision of the website owner / website management will be final and binding on all parties.
The information contained in this website is for general information purposes
only. The information is provided by "Source Codes World.com" and whilst we
endeavour to keep the information up-to-date and correct, we make no
representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, about the
completeness, accuracy, reliability, suitability or availability with respect to
the website or the information, products, services, or related graphics
contained on the website for any purpose. Any reliance you place on such
information is therefore strictly at your own risk.
In no event will we be liable for any loss or damage including without
limitation, indirect or consequential loss or damage, or any loss or damage
whatsoever arising from loss of data or profits arising out of or in connection
with the use of this website.
Through this website you are able to link to other websites which are not under
the control of "Source Codes World.com". We have no control over the nature,
content and availability of those sites. The inclusion of any links does not
necessarily imply a recommendation or endorse the views expressed within them.
Every effort is made to keep the website up and running smoothly. However,
"Source Codes World.com" takes no responsibility for and will not be liable
for the website being temporarily unavailable due to technical issues beyond our
control.
The price of the products & services mentioned in this website are subject to change anytime. All the payments made to us are non-refundable.
Copyright Notice
This website and its content is copyright of "Source Codes World.com" - ©
"Source Codes World.com" 1999-2020. All rights reserved.
Any redistribution or reproduction of part or all of the contents in any form is
strictly prohibited without explicit written permission from us.
If you want to discuss anything related to Terms of the website, Privacy Policy or Copyright Notice, you can contact us at info [ at ] vyom.co.in.
Advertisements
L I N K S
Jobs & Career
Freshers Jobs
Jobs Newsletter
Placement Papers
Placement Papers
GATE Preparation
Analysis & Design Of Algo.
Operating System
Lexical Analysis
GRE Preparation
GRE Home
1208 Antonyms Test
5000 Word's List
Top 100 Words' List
Scholarships
Top 100 CS Univ.
Top 126 EE Univ.
Tutorials
Hardware Tutorial
1500 Free eBooks
XML Tutorial
Webmaster Resources
EzTraffic
Articles
Fun
Send FREE SMS!
SMS Jokes
Love SMS
Funny Jokes
Google
Search
Source Codes World.com is a part of Vyom Network.
Vyom Network :
Web Hosting | Dedicated Server | Free SMS, GRE, GMAT, MBA |
Online Exams |
Freshers Jobs |
Software Downloads |
Interview Questions |
Jobs, Discussions |
Placement Papers |
Free eBooks |
Free eBooks |
Free Business Info |
Interview Questions |
Free Tutorials |
Arabic, French, German |
IAS Preparation |
Jokes, Songs, Fun |
Free Classifieds |
Free Recipes |
Free Downloads |
Bangalore Info |
Tech Solutions |
Project Outsourcing, Web Hosting |
GATE Preparation |
MBA Preparation |
SAP Info |
Software Testing |
Google Logo Maker |
Freshers Jobs
Sitemap |
Privacy Policy | Terms and Conditions
Copyright ©2003-2020 SourceCodesWorld.com, All Rights Reserved.
Page URL: http://www.sourcecodesworld.com/about/terms-and-conditions.asp
Download Yahoo Messenger | Placement Papers | Free SMS | C Interview Questions | C++ Interview Questions | Quick2Host Review