http://www.astrahosting.com/terms.html
TERMS OF SERVICE AND PRIVACY STATEMENT
This Web Site Hosting Agreement ('Agreement') is
by and between Astrahosting, Inc. and you, your heirs, assigns, agents and contractors
('You') and is effective upon electronic execution. This Agreement sets forth
the terms and conditions of Your use of Astrahosting Web Site Hosting ('Web Hosting')
services and represents the entire agreement between You and Astrahosting. By
using Astrahosting's Web Hosting services, You acknowledge that You have read,
understand and agree to be bound by all the terms and conditions of this Agreement,
along with any new, different or additional terms, conditions or policies which
Astrahosting may establish from time to time. By entering into this agreement,
in addition to transactions entered into by you on your behalf, you also agree
to be bound by the terms of this agreement for transactions entered into on your
behalf by anyone acting as your Agent. You also agree to be bound by the terms
of this agreement for transactions entered into by anyone who uses the account
you've established with Astrahosting, whether or not the transactions were in
your behalf.
To complete the registration process, you must read this entire agreement.
1. FEES
As consideration for the services purchased by
You and provided to You by Astrahosting, You agree to pay Astrahosting monthly
or yearly fees. Payment is to be made by You providing a valid credit card for
charge by Astrahosting, and is NON-refundable after 30 days money-back gurantee period. All setup and domain name
registration fees are NON-refundable. If for any reason Astrahosting
is unable to charge your credit card with the full amount of the service provided,
or if Astrahosting is charged back for any fee it previously charged to the
credit card You provided, You agree that Astrahosting may pursue all available
remedies in order to obtain payment
You agree that You will be responsible for notifying Astrahosting should you
desire to terminate Your use of Astrahosting's Web Hosting services. Notification
of Your intent to terminate must be provided to Astrahosting no earlier than
10 days prior to You billing date but no later than three days prior to Your
billing date. In the absence of notification from You, Astrahosting will automatically
continue Web Hosting services indefinitely and will charge the credit card You
have on file with Astrahosting, at Astrahosting's then current rates. It is
Your responsibility to keep your credit card information current, including
the expiration date. In the event You terminate, moving your web site off of
the Astrahosting hosting servers is Your responsibility. Astrahosting will not
transfer or FTP Your web site to another provider.
2. TERM OF AGREEMENT; MODIFICATIONS
The term of this agreement shall continue in full
force and effect as long as Astrahosting is providing Web Hosting services to
You.
You agree that Astrahosting may modify this Agreement
from time to time. Astrahosting may also discontinue services it provides under
this Agreement. You agree to be bound by any changes Astrahosting may reasonably
make to this Agreement when such changes become effective.
3. DESCRIPTION OF SERVICE
Astrahosting currently provides Web Hosting services
to its customers for a monthly or yearly fee. Astrahosting will host Your web
site on Astrahosting's Web Hosting servers, provided, however, You abide by
the terms and conditions set forth herein and in each of Astrahosting's policies
and procedures.
You are responsible for ensuring that Your web site conforms to all local, state,
federal, and international laws. Further, You are responsible for ensuring the
legal copyright to any images, text, or other web site elements that are not
provided by Astrahosting.
4. YOUR OBLIGATIONS
You agree that You have provided accurate, current
and complete information in the application process and that You will notify
Astrahosting within five (5) business days when any of the information You provided
as part of the application and/or registration process changes. Failure by You,
for whatever reason, to respond within five (5) business days to any inquiries
made by Astrahosting to determine the validity of information provided by You,
will constitute a material breach of this Agreement.
If You provide any information that is inaccurate, not current, false, misleading
or incomplete, or if Astrahosting has reasonable grounds to suspect that Your
information is inaccurate, not current, false, misleading or incomplete, Astrahosting
has the absolute right, in its sole discretion, to terminate its Web Hosting
services and close Your account.
You warrant that each application You make is being done so in good faith and
that You have no knowledge of it infringing upon or conflicting with the legal
rights of a third party or a third party's trademark or trade name. You also
warrant that the web site being hosted by Astrahosting will not be used in connection
with any illegal activity.
5. ASTRAHOSTING'S RIGHTS
Astrahosting explicitly reserves the right and
sole discretion to:
a. Censor any web site hosted on its Web Hosting servers that, in Astrahosting's
sole discretion, is deemed inappropriate;
b. Review every Web Hosting account for excessive space and bandwidth utilization
and to terminate or apply additional fees to those accounts that exceed allowed
levels;
c. Modify its pricing through email notification;
d. Terminate Your Web Hosting service for prohibited uses.
PROHIBITED USES:
Users may not:
1. Utilize the Services to send mass unsolicited e-mail to third parties.
2. Utilize the Services in connection with any
illegal activity. Without limiting the general application of this rule, Users
may not:
Utilize the Services to copy material from third parties (including text, graphics,
music, videos or other copyrightable material) without proper authorization;
Utilize the Services to misappropriate or infringe the patents, copyrights,
trademarks or other intellectual property rights of any third party;
Utilize the Services to traffic in illegal drugs, illegal gambling, obscene
materials or other any products or services that are prohibited under applicable
law;
Utilize the Services to export encryption software to points outside the United
States in violation of applicable export control laws; or
Utilize the Services in any manner that violates applicable law
3.Utilize the Services in connection with any tortious or actionable activity.
Without limiting the general application of this rule, Users may not:
Utilize the Services to publish or disseminate information that (A) constitutes
slander, libel or defamation, (B) publicizes the personal information or likeness
of a person without that person’s consent or (C) otherwise v iolates the
privacy rights of any person.
Utilize the Services to threaten persons with bodily harm, to make harassing
or abusive statements or messages, or to solicit the performance of acts or
services that are illegal under applicable law
4.Utilize the Services in connection with any other disruptive or abusive activity.
Without limiting the general application of this rule, Users may not:
Utilize the Services to cause denial of service
attacks against Astrahosting or other network hosts or Internet users or to
otherwise degrade or impair the operation of Astrahosting's servers and facilities
or the servers and facilities of other network hosts or Internet users;
Post messages or software programs that consume
excessive CPU time or storage space;
Utilize the Services to offer mail services,
mail forwarding capabilities, POP accounts or autoresponders other than for
the User’s own account;
Utilize the Services to resell access to CGI
scripts installed on Astrahosting’s servers;
Utilize the Services to subvert, or assist others
in subverting, the security or integrity of any Astrahosting systems, facilities
or equipment;
Utilize the Services to gain unauthorized access
to the computer networks of Astrahosting or any other person;
Utilize the Services to provide passwords or
access codes to persons not authorized to receive such materials by the operator
of the system requiring the password or access code;
Utilize the Services to (A) forge the signature
or other identifying mark or code of any other person, (B) impersonate or assume
the identity or any other person, or (C) engage in any other activity (including
"spoofing") to attempt to deceive or mislead other persons regarding
the true identity of the User (excluding the use of anonymous remailers or Internet
nicknames);
Utilize the Services to distribute or post any
virus, worm, Trojan horse, or computer code intended to disrupt services, destroy
data, destroy or damage equipment, or disrupt the operation of the Services;
Utilize the Services to conduct port scans or
other invasive procedures against any server (except any server for which the
User is an authorized system administrator);
Utilize the Services to distribute, advertise
or promote software or services that have the primary purpose of encouraging
or facilitating unsolicited commercial e-mail or spam;
Utilize the Services to solicit or collect, or
distribute, advertise or promote, e-mail address lists for the purpose of encouraging
or facilitating unsolicited commercial e-mail or spam;
Utilize the Services in any manner that might
subject Astrahosting to unfavorable regulatory action, subject Astrahosting
to any liability for any reason, or adversely affect Astrahosting’s public
image, reputation or goodwill, including, without limitation, sending or distributing
sexually explicit, hateful, vulgar, racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable
materials as determined by Astrahosting in its sole discretion; or
Utilize the Services in any other manner to interrupt
or interfere with the Internet usage of other persons.
You agree to indemnify and hold harmless Astrahosting
for any complications arising out of Your use of Astrahosting's Web Hosting
services, including actions Astrahosting chooses to take to remedy Your improper
or illegal use of a web site hosted by Astrahosting. You agree You will NOT
be entitled to a refund of any fees paid to Astrahosting if, for any reason,
Astrahosting takes corrective action with respect to Your improper or illegal
use of its Web Hosting services
6. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
You agree that Astrahosting's entire liability
to You under this Agreement, and Your only remedy, in connection with any service
provided by Astrahosting to You under this Agreement, and for any breach of
this Agreement by Astrahosting, shall be limited to the fees You paid to Astrahosting
for Web Hosting services
7. INDEMNITY
You agree to release, defend, indemnify and hold
harmless Astrahosting and its contractors, agents, employees, offices, directors,
shareholders and affiliates from and against any losses, damages or costs, including
reasonable attorney's fees, resulting from any claim, action, proceeding, suit
or demand arising out of or related in any way to Your account with Astrahosting
and/or Your use of the Web Hosting services provided by Astrahosting.
8. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES.
ASTRAHOSTING EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES
OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NON-INFRINGEMENT
9. SEVERABILITY
You agree that the terms of this Agreement are
severable. If any part of this Agreement is determined to be unenforceable or
invalid, that part of the agreement will be interpreted in accordance with applicable
law as closely as possible, in line with the original intention of both parties
to the Agreement. The remaining terms and conditions of the Agreement will remain
in full force and effect
10. NOTICES
You agree that all notices (except for notices
concerning breach of this Agreement) from Astrahosting to You may be posted
on our web site. Notices concerning breach will be sent either to the email
or postal address you have on file with Astrahosting. In either case, delivery
shall be deemed to have been made five (5) days after the date sent.
Notices from You to Astrahosting shall be made
either by email, sent to the address we provide on our web site, or first class
mail to our address
11. PRIVACY STATEMENT
Privacy is a very serious matter for
Astrahosting. It is true
that in order to process your request, we must know basic contact information
such as your full name, address, e-mail address, and method of payment. All
required information is kept internally and is never shared with third parties.
We will never give, lease, sell or otherwise disclose your personal information.
The emails you supply will never be given to a third party and you will not
receive unsolicited emails as a result of selling the email lists.
If you have any questions regarding our privacy policy, please email us on
sales@astrahosting.com with the subject line "Privacy Policy".
|
Home |
About Us |
Network |
Services |
Support |
FAQ |
Control Panel |
Order Online |
Sitemap |
Contact |
|
Terms Of Service |
Astrahosting.com . All rights reserved
Our partners: Java
Web Hosting
Inexpensive Web Hosting
Jsp Web Hosting
J2EE Web Hosting
Best Web Templates
Quality Web
Templates  Web
Design Templates
JSP Web Hosting
Cheap Web
Hosting
Cheapest Web Hosting
Java Web Hosting
Tomcat Web Hosting
Best Web Hosting
Quality Web Hosting
Java Hosting
Web Hosting Java
Web Hosting Php
JSP Website Hosting
Java Hosting