https://www.welocalize.com/privacy-notice/
Privacy Notice
Home
Privacy Notice
Welocalize Privacy Notice
Protecting your privacy is important to Welocalize. We strive to keep your personal information confidential. By ensuring that you are aware of and understand the Welocalize Customer Privacy Notice, we can provide you with better service. Please take a moment to read the following notice to learn how we handle your personal information.
Why We Collect Personal Information
Personal Information includes name, title, and general business contact information (business telephone, email address and other social media-based contact information). Welocalize collects and uses your Personal Information to give you superior customer service, to provide you with convenient access to our services and solutions, and to make a wider range of Welocalize information available to you. In addition, we use your Personal Information to keep you up to date on the latest service announcements, special offers, and event information we think you’d like to hear about. This may occasionally include information about products and services that can add value to your globalization strategy. From time to time, we may also use your Personal Information to contact you to participate in a market research survey, so that we can gauge customer satisfaction and improve our services and solutions.
How We Collect Personal Information
Welocalize collects Personal Information in the following manner:
when you contact us by completing a form on our website
when you contact us for information, questions or requests
when you participate in an online survey
when you request to be included in an e-newsletter mailing list
We store the information you provide in secure CRM databases provided by third-party providers:
Marketo
Pardot
Salesforce
SurveyMonkey
When We Disclose Personal Information
At times we may be required by law or legal process to disclose your Personal Information. At any other time, if we are going to use your Personal Information differently from that stated at the time of collection, we will try to contact you via email using the most recent information we have. If you have not given us permission to communicate with you, you will not be contacted, nor will we use your Personal Information in a new manner.  Welocalize does not transfer personal information to third parties/agents for processing, nor do we sell or share personal information to any other entities.
How We Protect Your Personal Information
Welocalize safeguards the security of the data you send us with physical, electronic and managerial procedures. We urge you to take every precaution to protect your personal data when you are on the Internet. Change your passwords often, use a combination of letters and numbers, and make sure you use a secure browser. Welocalize uses industry-standard Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption on all web pages where Personal Information is required. When using a Welocalize portal, you must use an SSL-enabled browser. This protects the confidentiality of your Personal Information while it is transmitted over the Internet.
Protecting your privacy is important to Welocalize. We strive to keep your personal information confidential. By ensuring that you are aware of and understand the Welocalize Customer Privacy Notice, we can provide you with better service. Please take a moment to read the following notice to learn how we handle your personal information.
Access To Your Personal Information for Review or Update
You always have access to the information we have about you. To review, update, or remove your Personal Information from Welocalize stored data, please send an email request to gdpr@welocalize.com.
Collecting Other Personal Information
When you browse Welocalize’s website, you are able to do so anonymously. Generally, we don’t collect Personal Information when you browse – not even your email address. Your browser, however, does automatically tell us the type browser you are using, and which country you are visiting from.
Like many websites, the Welocalize website uses “cookie” technology, both session and persistent type cookies. The cookies we use do not reveal any Personal Information about you. Cookies help us understand which parts of our websites are the most popular, where our visitors are going, and how long they spend there. We use cookies to study traffic patterns on our site so we can improve content, navigation and general user experience.
EU-U.S. Privacy Shield
Welocalize complies with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Union to the United States.  Welocalize has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification, please visit https://www.privacyshield.gov/.
For Your Information:
Welocalize is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission (FTC)
It is possible, under certain conditions, for an individual to invoke binding arbitration
Welocalize is liable in cases of onward transfers to third parties
You may contact Welocalize to limit the use and disclosure of your personal data
Questions regarding personal data and/or limiting the use of this data should be addressed to gdpr@welocalize.com
The personal data which individuals allow to be processed is only used for the purposes stated in the Privacy Policy and is only shared with the categories of recipients that are stated in the Privacy Policy. Where the personal data is lawfully passed on to a third party sub-processor, our organization ensures that this third party is under a contractual obligation to process the personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy and only to share the personal data with categories of recipients that have been authorized by the individual.
Additionally, individuals may request the restriction of the processing of personal data in certain circumstances, namely where:
they contest the accuracy of the personal data which we process and we are verifying the query;
the data has been unlawfully processed;
we no longer need that personal data but an individual requires us to keep it; or
the individual has objected to our processing the personal data but we are considering whether our legitimate grounds override those of the individual.
In the event that an individual does request that we restrict processing of their personal data, we would make that data temporarily unavailable, not process it apart from to store it and would inform any additional sub-processors about the restriction/limitation.
The right of individuals to access their personal data
Our organization ensures that individuals have the following rights in relation to their personal data:
the right to request a copy of some or all of it;
the right to rectify any data which we hold which
the right for the data to be erased;
the right for processing of the personal data to be restricted;
the right to object to the processing of the personal data; and
the right to data portability.
In relation to access of personal data, individuals may make a request for access verbally or in writing. They will not be charged for receipt of a copy of their personal data (unless that the request is manifestly unfounded or excessive) and they will be provided with such copy as soon as reasonably practicable and in any event well within the statutory timelines, i.e. within a month of receipt of the request.
In compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles, Welocalize commits to resolve complaints about our collection or use of your personal information.  EU individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our Privacy Shield policy should first contact Welocalize at:
privacy@welocalize.com
Welocalize has further committed to cooperate with the panel established by the EU data protection authorities (DPAs) with regard to unresolved Privacy Shield complaints concerning human resources data transferred from the EU in the context of the employment relationship.
Our Companywide Commitment To Privacy
To make sure your Personal Information remains confidential, we communicate these privacy guidelines to every Welocalize employee.
The Welocalize Privacy Notice is subject to change at any time. We encourage you to review the privacy notice regularly for any changes.
You always have access to the information we have about you. To review, update, or remove your Personal Information from Welocalize stored data, please send an email request to gdpr@welocalize.com
How Can We Help?
Start a Project
Register for an Event
Find Open Job Positions
Become a Translation Provider
About Welocalize
Services + Solutions
Welocalize Companies
Worldwide Locations
careers + community
Headquarters
Welocalize, Inc.
15 W 37th St, 4th Floor
New York, NY 10018
o. +1 212.581.8870
f.  +1 212.581.7722
info@welocalize.com
Connect with Us
Contact Us
We use cookies to improve our site and your experience.
Learn More.
Close