https://www.computerperformance.co.uk/privacy-policy/
HomePrivacy PolicyContents1 Who we are2 What personal data we collect and why we collect it2.1 Comments2.2 Media2.3 Contact forms2.4 Cookies2.5 Embedded content from other websites2.6 Analytics3 Who we share your data with4 How long we retain your data5 What rights you have over your data6 Where we send your data7 Contact information8 Additional informationWho we areOur website address is: https://computerperformance.co.uk.What personal data we collect and why we collect itCommentsWhen visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.MediaIf you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.Contact formsCookiesDo we use ‘cookies’?Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site’s or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.We use cookies to:      • Understand and save user’s preferences for future visits.      • Keep track of advertisements.      • Compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interactions in order to offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may also use trusted third-party services that track this information on our behalf.You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings. Since browser is a little different, look at your browser’s Help Menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.If you turn cookies off, Some of the features that make your site experience more efficient may not function properly.It won’t affect the user’s experience that make your site experience more efficient and may not function properly.Embedded content from other websitesArticles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.AnalyticsWho we share your data withWe do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your Personally Identifiable Information.How long we retain your dataIf you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.What rights you have over your dataIf you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.Where we send your dataVisitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.Contact informationIf there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, please contact us.Additional informationThird-party linksOccasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third-party products or services on our website. These third-party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.GoogleGoogle’s advertising requirements can be summed up by Google’s Advertising Principles. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users. https://support.google.com/adwordspolicy/answer/1316548?hl=enWe use Google AdSense Advertising on our website.Google, as a third-party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site. Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on previous visits to our site and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt-out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google Ad and Content Network privacy policy.We have implemented the following:      • Remarketing with Google AdSense      • Demographics and Interests ReportingWe, along with third-party vendors such as Google use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) or other third-party identifiers together to compile data regarding user interactions with ad impressions and other ad service functions as they relate to our website.Opting out: Users can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Settings page. Alternatively, you can opt out by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative Opt Out page or by using the Google Analytics Opt Out Browser add on.California Online Privacy Protection ActCalOPPA is the first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy. The law’s reach stretches well beyond California to require any person or company in the United States (and conceivably the world) that operates websites collecting Personally Identifiable Information from California consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being collected and those individuals or companies with whom it is being shared. – See more at: http://consumercal.org/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa/#sthash.0FdRbT51.dpufAccording to CalOPPA, we agree to the following:Users can visit our site anonymously.Once this privacy policy is created, we will add a link to it on our home page or as a minimum, on the first significant page after entering our website.Our Privacy Policy link includes the word ‘Privacy’ and can easily be found on the page specified above.You will be notified of any Privacy Policy changes:      • On our Privacy Policy PageCan change your personal information:      • By emailing usHow does our site handle Do Not Track signals?We honor Do Not Track signals and Do Not Track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place.Does our site allow third-party behavioral tracking?It’s also important to note that we do not allow third-party behavioral trackingCOPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under the age of 13 years old, the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, United States’ consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children’s privacy and safety online.We do not specifically market to children under the age of 13 years old.Fair Information PracticesThe Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur:We will notify you via email      • Within 7 business daysWe will notify the users via in-site notification      • Within 7 business daysWe also agree to the Individual Redress Principle which requires that individuals have the right to legally pursue enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or government agencies to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.CAN SPAM ActThe CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.We collect your email address in order to:      • Send information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questionsTo be in accordance with CANSPAM, we agree to the following: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can email us at and we will promptly remove you from ALL correspondence.
SearchLearning CenterLearn PowerShell Anytime, Anywhere.See the top-rated PowerShell courses on Udemy.Udemy has many excellent PowerShell courses; whether you’re looking to grasp the basics or supercharge your scripting skills.Try all courses risk-free with Udemy’s 30-day money-back guarantee.
ComputerPerfomance.co.uk uses cookies. More info.