http://www.realtime-corba.com/terms-and-conditions.html
ProductsOIS Products OverviewCloud Computing and VirtualizationCommunications MiddlewarePhysical Modeling & SimulationProduct BrochuresIndustry-Specific SolutionsWhitepapersServicesProfessional Services OverviewTrainingMentoring/ConsultingCustom EngineeringSupportTech Support OverviewTech Support FormMarketsMarkets OverviewFinanceHigh AssuranceMedical DevicesMilitary and AerospaceProcess ControlRoboticsSoftware Defined RadioTelecom/DatacomTransportationCase Studies and Customer WinsPartnersPartner ProgramPartner DirectoryDistributorsOIS BlogAbout UsCorporate OverviewRequest for InformationNewsArticlesCareersSales and Procurement InformationContact Us
Joomla Slide Menu by DART Creations
Objective Interface Systems Web Site Terms and Conditions
Privacy and Security
Links to Other Sites
Trademarks
Export Compliance
Public Forums, News Groups, Blogs
Security
Cookies
Choice/Opt-out
Contacting the Website Disclaimer
Privacy and Security
Objective Interface Systems (OIS) is concerned about your right to privacy. This policy explains how and why information collected is used. You are able to visit our website for general information and not reveal any personally identifying information. However, providing your personal information will enable you to:
Request information on our various products and services, including quotations
Request support for various OIS products
Request a free product trial
Register for training classes, mentoring or consulting services
Receive newsletter and product announcements
Participate in product surveys and promotions
We also collect certain anonymous information such as the domain you are using, your IP address, a count of visitors to our website, trends and specific areas of interest. This information is analyzed to help us provide better service and support to our current and future customers.
Our site may use an order or registration form for users to request information, products, services and support, or to register for various items. We collect users’ contact information (such as name, mailing address, and email address). Contact information from the forms is used to send orders and information about our company to our customers, as well as provide support to those customers who have provided such information. The user's contact information is also used to get in touch with the user when necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below.
We may use contact information from the registration forms to send you information about our company and/or our products. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below. We also gather specific technical information about the user's development environment to better understand the needs of our customers.
Links to Other Sites
OIS posts informational links that will direct you to websites that are not under the control of OIS. OIS is not responsible for and does not endorse the companies or content on these sites. We encourage you to read the Terms and Conditions and Privacy Statements of each site.
Trademarks
ORBexpress®,PCSexpress®, DIRECTexpress®, and Black Channel®, are registered trademarks of Objective Interface Systems, Inc. Objective Interface™, Black Cloud™, the OIS logo, Acumentor™, Ada_SQL_Connect™, Distributed Priority Inheritance™, DDSexpress™, Innovation at the Speed of Now™, Micro-ORB™, Screen Machine™, Turbo ORB™ , ATM-IOP™, AIOP™, VIOP™, VME-IOP™, Hyper-IOP™, RT-IOP™, ORBalliance™, Distribute your Logic™, Distribute your Data™, Protect your Distribution™, and Designed for National Security™ are service marks or trademarks of Objective Interface Systems, Inc. Use of the above marks without the express written permission of OIS is prohibited. The absence of a name or logo in this list does not constitute a waiver of any and all intellectual property rights that OIS has established in any of its product, feature, or service names or logos. All other trademarks contained herein are the property of their respective owners. This may be a partial list.
CORBA and the OMG logo are registered trademarks of the Object Management Group. Object Management Group, OMG, IIOP, the CORBA logos and OMG Interface Definition Language (IDL) are trademarks of the Object Management Group.
Sun, Sun Microsystems, the Sun Logo, Java and Solaris are trademarks or registered trademarks of Sun Microsystems, Inc. in the United States and other countries.
DMMfx and Digital Molecular Matter are trademarks of Pixelux Entertainment, S.A.
Android is a trademark of Google, Inc. Use of this trademark is subject to Google Permissions.
Portions of this website are modifications based on work created and shared by Google and used according to terms described in the Creative Commons 3.0 Attribution License.
Wind River and the Wind River logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of Wind River in the United States and other countries.
All other products referred to herein are service names, trademarks or registered trademarks of the companies that own and market those products.
Export Compliance
OIS products are of U.S. origin, and therefore the export or re-export of these products, or transfer of these technologies, are subject to the export laws and regulations of the United States. It is the policy of OIS to comply fully with the export laws and regulations of the United States government. Please note that this site is intended as a source of information only, and is not to be considered a source of legal guidance or advice. Any use of the information on this site is without recourse to OIS and is used at your own risk. OIS is not responsible for any damages, either direct or indirect, as a result of using the information contained herein.
Public Forums, News Groups, Blogs
This site provides access to various public forums, including news groups, blogs, or other areas in which you may post information. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information. Any information posted by you to these public sites will be considered non-proprietary and non-confidential.
OIS will have the right to use such information that is posted as it deems appropriate, including, but not limited to, the right to distribute, reproduce, disclose, incorporate, and otherwise use the information for commercial or non-commercial purposes. The views expressed on these public forums are expressly those of the individuals who post such views, and not of OIS. Users of these public forums are expressly prohibited from transmitting information that violates the intellectual property rights of any party, and from posting comments that are slanderous, obscene, libelous, threatening, abusive, or otherwise in violation of the law. OIS will have no liability related to the content of such postings, including, but not limited to, liability for copyright, trade secret, patent or other intellectual property infringement, libel, privacy, obscenity, or other such injuries.
Security
We cannot ensure that all of your private communications and other personally identifiable information will never be disclosed in ways not otherwise described in this Privacy Policy. By way of example (without limiting the foregoing), we may be forced to disclose information to the government or third parties under certain circumstances, or third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications. Further, we can (and you authorize us to) disclose any information about you to law enforcement or other government officials as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate. Therefore, although we use industry standard practices to protect your privacy, we do not promise, and you should not expect that your personally identifiable information or private communications will remain private.
Cookies
OIS may save information regarding your visit to our website in the form of a cookie to allow:
a personalized browsing experience
better tracking of usage of our website in order to improve the content of our website
We collect only the domain name/IP address of visitors to our Web pages, aggregate information on what pages users access, and information volunteered by the user, such as information provided for a survey, registration or contest form. We use Google Analytics to help track usage of our website. We do not collect email addresses of unregistered visitors.
A cookie is a small piece of information that is written to and read from your hard drive by your browser at the request of our Web pages. Information stored in cookies is not accessible to Web pages from other websites. Cookies themselves cannot retrieve any information about you or your computer's configuration. Other than the small amount of disk space used to store a cookie, they are harmless.
You may choose to reject cookies either outright, or on a case-by-case basis by using the Options (Firefox) or Internet Options (MSIE) option in your browser.
Choice/Opt-Out
This site gives users the following options for removing their information from our database to not receive future communications or to no longer receive our service:
1. You can send us a message using our Contact Form.2. You can send mail to the postal address at the bottom of this page.
Contacting the Website
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this website, you can contact:
Objective Interface Systems, Inc.
220 Spring Street
Herndon, VA 20170-6201
Disclaimer
The information contained on this website represents the current view of OIS of the issues discussed as of the date of posting. Because OIS must respond to changing market conditions, it should not be interpreted to be a commitment on the part of OIS.
OIS may have patents or pending patent applications, trademarks, copyrights, or other intellectual property rights covering subject matter on this site. The furnishing of the content on this site does not give you any license to the patents, trademarks, copyrights, or other intellectual property rights, except as expressly provided in any written license agreement from OIS.
OIS reserves the right to update its Web Site Terms and Conditions at any time.
Copyright © 1996 - 2016 Objective Interface Systems, Inc.  All rights reserved.
Terms and ConditionsSite Map