http://www.coresolutions.ca/privacy-policy.php
CoreUM
Simplify deciding on meeting dates.
CoreTICKET
BaselineCRM
Our Portfolio
Take a look at our finished projects in our company portfolio, where we showcase our most recent work completed.
Our Process
Blog
Core FileMaker
Core Web
Core Business
About Us
Contact Us
In the Community
Partners
News
Careers
Steve Hearn Memorial
About Us
Testimonials
Client Stories
Testimonials
Social Media
Ready to start your Development Project? Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Respecting the privacy of individuals
Home
Privacy Policy
At CoreSolutions Software Inc., we are committed to respecting the privacy of individuals and organizations.
This privacy statement discloses the information gathering practices of CoreSolutions Software Inc. including all information gathered through our corporate website
(i.e. www.coresolutions.ca).
THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT:
Any personal or contact information that we collect will be treated confidentially, and will not be shared with other organizations or third parties. CoreSolutions
uses the information gathered to keep you aware of relevant resources, training classes, and products available.
We may collect and use the following types of personal information:
Information pertaining to your IT requirements necessary to complete a requirement's definition or to perform development or consulting services.
Personal Information including Name, Company Name, Title, Address, City, Province/State, Country, Postal/Zip Code, Email, Phone, and Fax that we collect
when you request information on our products.
Personal Information including Name, Company Name, Title, Address, City, Province/State, Country, Postal/Zip Code, Email, Phone, and Fax that we collect
when you request our resources. (i.e. Newsletter, Standard)
Personal Information including Name, Company Name, Title, Address, City, Province/State, Country, Postal/Zip Code, Email, Phone, and Fax that we collect
when you register for a CoreSolutions administered training class.
Credit card details submitted by card holder (or approved agent of card holder) for invoice payment purposes. CoreSolutions does not keep client credit card
information on file.
CoreSolutions recognizes and acknowledges that the services performed for our Clients are confidential. To enable CoreSolutions to perform these services,
the Client must on occasion provide CoreSolutions with confidential information concerning their business affairs, finances, methods of operation, staff information,
and other data hereinafter collectively referred to as “Confidential Information.” CoreSolutions will not at any time, during or after the term of any Client project,
disclose any Confidential Information to any person whatsoever, or permit any person whatsoever to examine and/or make copies of any reports or any documents prepared by
the Client that come into CoreSolutions possession during the course of a project. Once the project is completed, and at the request of the Client, CoreSolutions will turn
over to the Client all relevant documents, papers and other information used to complete this specific project. Information pertaining to the Client’s projects,
Initiatives, Business, Staff, Clients, Intermediaries and associated representatives is confidential and will be treated accordingly. If the information gathered by
CoreSolutions is publicly available, a lesser degree of care may be applied.
WHO DO WE SHARE THIS INFORMATION WITH?
CoreSolutions does not share personal information with any third party individuals or organizations. We will not sell or divulge your personal information in
any way, nor will we make available your personal contact information to any outside organizations.
SECURITY:
Every CoreSolutions employee, as condition of employment, takes responsibility for protecting client privacy, confidentially, and security. Appropriate controls
are in place with respect to our computer systems, data processing, and back-up procedures.
ACCESSING INFORMATION:
Clients may review their personal information contained in CoreSolutions Software Inc. files by contacting our Privacy Officer. If an individual believes that any of their
personal information is inaccurate, we will gladly make appropriate corrections.
CONTACT US:
If you have already submitted personal information but do not wish to be contacted by CoreSolutions, simply contact us via the telephone number or email address
listed below. If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the information gathering practices of this website, or your interactions with this website, please
contact our Privacy Officer.
Email: privacyofficer@coresolutions.ca
Telephone: 519.641.7727 or toll-free 1.800.650.8882