http://www.webpg.net/privacy.asp
Products:
OBD2 Scan Tools
GM OBD1 Cables
MEFI Scan & Tune
MEFI Scan 1-4
MEFI 5 Tune
MEFI 5 Scan
MEFI 6 Scan
Slingshot Scan
Slingshot Tune
Marine ECMs
Merc 555 ECMs
ECM Repair
Ramjet Tuning
Custom MEFI Tuning
Vehicle Connectors
J1939 Solutions
InjecTimer
Extender Cables
Adapters
Custom Cables
Shipping Info
Diagnostic Software
Instruction Sheets
How To Use Video
ELM327 Data
Sheet
Warranty / Returns
Contact Us
OBD2 Links & Info
Internet Forums
Our Competitors
Beyond Scanning
Parts & Accessories
Testimonials
OBD Diagnostics, Inc. Privacy Notice
Last updated: May 16, 2004
OBD Diagnostics, Inc. knows that you care how information about you is used and shared, and we appreciate your
trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly. This notice describes our privacy policy. By visiting
OBD Diagnostics, Inc., you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Notice.
What Personal Information About Customers Does OBD Diagnostics, Inc. Gather?
The information we learn from customers helps us personalize and continually improve your shopping experience
at OBD Diagnostics, Inc.. Here are the types of information we gather.
Information You Give Us: We receive and store any information you enter on our Web site or give us in any other
way.  You can choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of
our features. We use the information that you provide for such purposes as responding to your requests, customizing future
shopping for you, improving our stores, and communicating with you.
Automatic Information: We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us. For
example, like many Web sites, we use "cookies," and we obtain certain types of information when your Web browser accesses
OBD Diagnostics, Inc..  A number of companies offer utilities designed to help you visit Web sites anonymously.
Although we will not be able to provide you with a personalized experience at OBD Diagnostics, Inc. if we cannot recognize you,
we want you to be aware that these tools exist.
What About Cookies?
Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser to enable
our systems to recognize your browser and to provide features such as  storage of items in your Shopping Cart between
visits.
The Help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies,
how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. However, cookies
allow you to take full advantage of some of OBD Diagnostics, Inc.'s coolest features, and we recommend that you leave
them turned on.
Does OBD Diagnostics, Inc. Share the Information It Receives?
Information about our customers is an important part of our business, and we are not in the business of selling it to
others. We only share customer information as detailed below:
Agents: We employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include fulfilling
orders, delivering packages, sending postal mail, and processing credit card payments. They have access to personal
information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes.
Protection of OBD Diagnostics, Inc. and Others: We release account and other personal information when we
believe release is appropriate to comply with the law; enforce or apply our
Terms and Conditions and other agreements; or protect the rights,
property, or safety of OBD Diagnostics, Inc., our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other
companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction. Obviously, however, this does not include
selling, renting, sharing, or otherwise disclosing personally identifiable information from customers for commercial
purposes in violation of the commitments set forth in this Privacy Notice.
How Secure Is Information About Me?
We work to protect the security of your information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software,
which encrypts information you input.
We reveal only the last four digits of your credit card numbers when confirming an order. Of course, we transmit
the entire credit card number to the appropriate credit card company during order processing.
What Choices Do I Have?
As discussed above, you can always choose not to provide information, even though it might be needed to make a purchase
or to take advantage of special features.
The Help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies,
how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether.
Explore products that offer anonymous browsing. In addition, the Federal Trade Commission provides useful information
about online privacy on its own Web site, Site Seeing on
the Internet.
Children
OBD Diagnostics, Inc. does not sell products for purchase by children. We sell children's products for purchase by adults.
If you are under 18, you may use OBD Diagnostics, Inc. only with the involvement of a parent or guardian.
Conditions of Use, Notices, and Revisions
Our business changes constantly, and our Privacy Notice and the
Terms and Conditions will change also. You should check our Web site
frequently to see recent changes. Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Notice applies to all information that we
have about you and your account. We stand behind the promises we make, however, and will never materially change our
policies and practices to make them less protective of customer information collected in the past without the consent
of affected customers.
Information You Give Us
You provide most such information when you search, buy, bid, post, participate in a contest or questionnaire, or communicate
with customer service. For example, you provide information when you place an order through OBD Diagnostics, Inc.; communicate
with us by phone, e-mail, or otherwise; complete a questionnaire or a contest entry form. As a result of those actions, you
might supply us with such information as your name, address, and phone numbers; credit card information; people to whom purchases
have been shipped, including addresses and phone number.
Automatic Information
Examples of the information we collect and analyze include the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer
to the Internet; login; e-mail address; password; computer and connection information such as browser type and version,
operating system, and platform; purchase history; the full Uniform Resource Locator (URL) clickstream to, through, and
from our Web site, including date and time; cookie number; products you viewed or searched for. During some visits we may
use software tools such as JavaScript to measure and collect session information, including page response times, download
errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), and
methods used to browse away from the page.
Call Toll Free (USA Only) 888-469-3274
OBD2 |
GM OBD1 |
Marine ECMs |
MEFIburn |
J1939 |
Ramjet
OBD Diagnostics, Inc., PO Box 2002, Redondo Beach, CA 90278
Tel: 310-793-2410
Email: sales@obd2allinone.com
Terms and Conditions     Privacy Policy