https://www.pretorianuk.com/privacy-policy
Call Us: +44 (0)1427 678990
Your wishlist is empty
0
£0.00
There are no products in your cart.
LoginRegister
Privacy Policy
Why do we have a privacy policy?
Pretorian Technologies Ltd is committed to privacy for everyone who accesses this website. Under the Data Protection Act (DPA) of 1998,
the EU Data Protection Directive (DPD) of 1995, and the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) of 2018, we must comply with certain regulations which are designed to ensure that any data you provide to us is processed with due care and attention.
What sort of data do we collect?
Pretorian Technologies Ltd collects personal data about you and/ or your company to help in sales and marketing. This data consists of information such as your name, address, e-mail address, telephone number, physical delivery
address, plus any information which we are required to collect by law. We also collect information in the aggregate to provide us with a better understanding of the users of our website as a group, but which does not contain personally identifiable information. Before you submit personal information on our website you are required to agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy and you are also given the choice as to whether, and by what means, we are permitted to contact you. If you do not wish us to hold this information, please do not submit it.
What do we do with this personal data?
We process your personal data as necessary to allow us to ship products to you and to aid our sales and marketing processes. We may occasionally send you information about new products or updates to existing products which we think you may be interested to know about. We do not bombard you constantly with emails because we know how annoying it can be. Any emails you do receive from us contain an easy opt-out facility which you are free to use at any time and the facility to update your contact preferences. We may also use data collected in the aggregate to help us to understand our users as a group so that we can provide you with a better service. This does not contain personally identifiable information.
Why do we process this personal data?
We process this personal data as necessary to aid our sales and marketing processes. We may also use data collected in the aggregate to help us to understand our users as a group so that we can provide you with a better service.
Why do we collect and process sensitive personal data?
We collect and process sensitive personal data only so far as is necessary to ensure we conform with legal requirements, or to assist you in the choice of our products. For example, it is sometimes necessary for us to ask about a particular customer’s disabilities so that we can advise which of our products would be most suitable in the circumstances. By using this website and by registering your details with us, you consent to us collecting and processing sensitive personal data supplied by you. For UK customers, it may on occasion be necessary to disclose this sensitive personal information to Her Majesty’s Revenue and Customs (HMRC) to facilitate the VAT Relief Scheme or to assist with processing Personal Independence Payments (PIP) or the Disabled Living Allowance (DLA). Pretorian Technologies Ltd is acutely aware of the sensitivity of this type of information and will always treat it with due regard, disclosing it to outside agents only where strictly required. If you do not wish us to do so, please do not supply the information.
Do we pass data to third parties?
Where necessary we may pass data to carefully selected third parties to help us to process data, and to distributors of our products where it is not practical to ship them to you directly from our own facility. We do not, under any circumstances, sell or otherwise distribute your personal details.
How is this data safeguarded?
The security of your data is extremely important to us. Access to your personal data is only provided to those members of our staff who strictly require it in the furtherance of orders placed or to contact you using the methods which you have permitted.
Right to delete
You have the legal right to request that we delete some or all of the information you have provided to us. To achieve this, contact This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. listing sufficient detail to allow us to identify you. We will delete the necessary information from our systems within 14 days of us receiving such instructions and reply to confirm once complete.
How do we let you know if our policy changes?
Any policy changes, either due to business reasons or future changes in legislation, will be posted on this page and, if substantial, may be promoted on the website or through e-mail notification.
Data Breaches
We will report any unlawful data breach of this website’s database or the database(s) of any of our third party data processors to any and all relevant persons and authorities within 72 hours of the breach if it is apparent that personal data stored in an identifiable manner has been stolen.
Data Controller
The data controller of this website is: Pretorian Technologies Ltd, a UK Private limited Company with company number: 3580083
whose operating office is:
Unit 37
Corringham Road Industrial Estate
Gainsborough
Lincolnshire
DN21 1QB
Facebook, Twitter, and Other Social Networks
These services provide social buttons and similar features which we use on our website – such as the “Like” and “Tweet” buttons.
To do so we embed code that they provide and we do not control ourselves. To function properly, their buttons generally know if you’re logged in; for example Facebook use this to say “x of your friends like this”. We do not have any access to that information, nor can we control how those networks use it.
Social networks therefore could know that you’re viewing this website, if you use their services (that isn’t to say they do, but their policies may change). As our website is remarkably inoffensive we imagine this is not a concern for most users.
Terminology
Aggregate - this is when all data is collected and processed as a total to enable us to look at such information as demographic and geographic trends, so that we can try to produce a better service in the future.
Data - information which is being processed by equipment operating automatically in response to instructions given for that purpose, is recorded with the intention that it should be processed by means of such equipment, is recorded as part of a relevant filing system or with the intention that it should form part of a relevant filing system or forms part of an accessible record.
Data Protection Acts 1998 - this is the Act of Parliament which sets out principles relating to the use of data to ensure that the rights of the person who is the subject of the data are protected under the law. Read more
EU Data Protection Directive 1995 - Directive 95/46/EC on the protection of individuals with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data is a European Union directive
which regulates the processing of personal data within the European Union.
Read more
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) - Directive 2016/679 is a regulation in EU law on data protection and privacy for all individuals within the European Union and the European Economic Area. It also addresses the export of personal data outside the EU and EEA. The GDPR aims primarily to give control to citizens and residents over their personal data and to simplify the regulatory environment for international business by unifying the regulation within the EU. Read more
Personal data - data which relates to a living individual who can be identified from those data, or from those data and other information which is in the possession of, or is likely to come into the possession of, Pretorian Technologies Ltd.
Privacy policy - this is a statement by Pretorian Technologies Ltd which explains the ways that we try to protect our users' privacy.
Sensitive personal data - personal data consisting of information as to the physical or mental health or condition, of the person to which it pertains.
Third Parties - these are companies and people other than Pretorian Technologies Ltd.
Users - people who use our website and register their details with us for the purposes of sales, either to purchase our products or for the purposes of becoming a distributor.
Our Address
Pretorian Technologies Ltd
Unit 37, Corringham Road Industrial Estate, Gainsborough, Lincolnshire, DN21 1QB
Contact Us
Call Us: +44 (0)1427 678990
Fax: +44 (0)1427 678992
pretorian@pretorianuk.com
Stay Connected
Follow us. Never miss an update.
Follow us on YouTube
Follow us on Twitter
Follow us on LinkedIn
Follow us on Facebook
Secure Payments
AT Products
iPad and Android Access Devices
iPad Access DevicesSwitch Input DevicesCursor Input DevicesOutput DevicesiPad Access SelectorAndroid Access DevicesMouse AlternativesTrackballsJoysticksTrack PadSwitch InterfaceBluetooth Devices
Environmental/Appliance Controls
EnvirONExample ConfigurationsEnvirON HubEnvirON AppEnvirON AlertEnvirON Scanning RemoteEnvirON Switch 125EnvirON Switch 75EnvirON ConnectiClickAppliance / Toy ControllersAssistive SwitchesSwitch InterfacesCommunicators / AACKinesthetic LearningSimplyWorksGamingAppsAccessoriesProduct A - ZCatalogue
DistributorsProduct DownloadsIndustrialAboutCustomer ServiceRefund & Returns PolicyVAT ExemptionCommunityContact
×Close
Log in
Username
Password
Forgot your password?
Log in
Remember me
Don't have an account?
Forgot your username?