http://www.virtualmechanics.com/privacy.html
Privacy Policy
At SiteSpinner Media, (DBA "SiteSpinner" & "The Wealthy Consultant" & "Virtual Mechanics") we respect and protect the privacy of our clients and users who visit our websites. This Privacy Policy explains how we collect and use information for SiteSpinner Media services, including the advertising services, promotions, informational mailings and other offers we provide. By using any services provided by SiteSpinner Media ("SiteSpinner Media"), you indicate that you agree to the collection and use of your information by SiteSpinner Media as outlined in this Privacy Policy.
Why We Collect Information
First and foremost, SiteSpinner Media collects information to improve the services we provide and to present you with information and services that will interest you. We also use your information to measure our success and performance. For example, aggregate information gives us an idea of the number of visitors we attract and how they navigate our websites.
Use of Personal Information
Unless you voluntarily provide personal information for a specific purpose, we do not collect personal information from you. We will never combine any personal information about a user of our site with any aggregate information we collect about that user, whether collected on our site or our Advertising Service. If you choose to provide personal information during registration or when using our services, we use your personal information to provide you with particular product or services that you request.
If your personal information changes or if you wish us to delete it from our records, you may correct, update or delete your information by emailing our Customer Support at support@sitespinner.com.
SiteSpinner Media will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement. However, we may transfer personal information in connection with a sale or merger of SiteSpinner Media or the division responsible for the services provided to you. We may also share your personal information, such as your email address, mailing address, etc., with our technical consultants, third party auditors and other third parties who make our site available, enhance its functionality or provide associated services and/or who deal with you in processing your orders and/or delivering content, samples, products, services and gifts and prizes. These third parties are not allowed to use personal information except for the purposes of providing the applicable services. In addition, we reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our website. Our site and services are maintained in Canada. By using the site and/or services, you authorize the export of personal information to Canada and its storage and use as specified in this policy.
Other Information We Collect and Use
We may collect online identifiers with cookies, such as IP address, browser type and version, and pages you view. We also keep track of how you got to our site and any links you click on to leave our site. Once you leave our site, we do not track you. This aggregate information is analyzed and combined with similar aggregate information of other users and may be collected both on our site and on other sites in our client community. We may share aggregate information with our business partners and other third parties. Such aggregate information is anonymous and does not identify any individual user, and we do not link this automatically collected data to personally identifiable information. You can remove persistent cookies by following the directions found in your Internet browser's 'help' file. If you reject cookies, you may still use our site, but your ability to use some areas of our site may be limited. We use your website activity to assist us in offering you a personalized Web experience, assist you with technical support, diagnose problems with our server, and administer our websites, and to tailor our product and service offerings to you. This privacy statement covers the use of cookies by this site only and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Third Party Website Links
Some of our websites provide links to third party websites, such as those of our affiliates, business partners and advertisers. We have no access to or control over their practices. Because SiteSpinner Media does not control the information policies or practices of these third party websites, you should review their privacy policies to learn more about how they collect and use personal information.
Security Information
SiteSpinner Media stores all data using industry standard security devices, such as firewalls and encryption protocols, to safeguard against unauthorized access to our data. We have put in place reasonable physical, electronic, and managerial procedures coupled with carefully developed security procedures to protect your information from loss, misuse or unauthorized alteration. When we ask for sensitive information, such as credit card numbers, we protect it through the use of the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol which provides encryption during transmission. We have put in place policies to restrict access to your information by our employees. Our employees are trained to safeguard your information. Additionally, we use internal and external resources to review the adequacy of our security procedures.
Protection for Children
We do not knowingly collect personal information from anyone under the age of 18.
Your Right to Control and Access Your Information
You have control over your personal information and how it is collected, used, and shared. For example, you have a right to:
Change or correct personal data. You can edit any personal data with us by emailing support@sitespinner.com.
Access and take your data. You can also ask us for a copy of personal data you provided to us by emailing support@sitespinner.com and we will get back to you within 30 days.
Ask us to stop using or limit our use of your personal data in certain circumstances-for example, if we have no lawful basis to keep using your data, or if you think your personal data is inaccurate.
Object to our use of your personal information for marketing purposes. You can ask us to stop sending you marketing messages at any time by emailing us at support@sitespinner.com or by simply clicking the Unsubscribe link in any email you receive.
Ask us to delete your data. You have a right to be forgotten and request your personal information on file be deleted by contacting us at support@sitespinner.com.
How Long We Will Keep Your Personal Information
We retain personal information that you provide us as long as we consider it potentially useful in contacting you about the product or services you have purchased or our other services, or as needed to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our agreements. We will delete this information from the servers if you so request, as described in "Your Right To Control and Access Your Information" above.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post these changes to this privacy statement on https://sitespinner.com/ and other places we deem appropriate so you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time, so please review it frequently. Your continued use of the site after such changes have been posted indicates your consent and acceptance of such changes.
Effective Date
This Privacy Policy is effective and was last updated on August 12, 2018.
Store  |  Products  |  Downloads  |  Company  |  Support
SiteSpinner is the leading Windows-based web design software with millions of users worldwide.
SiteSpinner makes it easy for you to create a beautiful, professional website.
This website created with SiteSpinner Pro
© 1998-2018 Virtual Mechanics Inc. Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
Virtual Mechanics Inc.
- Company Contact
- Affiliates
- Careers
Products
- SiteSpinner
- SiteSpinner Pro
- Website Hosting
- Ecommerce
Store
- Buy SiteSpinner Pro
- Website Hosting
- Ecommerce
Support
- Community Forums
- Documentation
- Video Tutorials
- Contact