http://www.crs4.it/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
HomePrivacy Policy
NOTICE REGARDING THE PROCESSING OF PERSONAL DATA
of users who visit the website www.crs4.it pursuant to Article 13 of Regulation (EU) 2016/679
THE REASON FOR THIS NOTICE
Pursuant to Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (hereinafter "Regulation" or “GDPR”), this page describes how this Company handles users’ personal data that is collected while browsing the CRS4 website at the following address:
www.crs4.it
jobs.crs4.it
publications.crs4.it
hash.crs4.it
alternanzascuolalavoro.crs4.it
blockchain2018.crs4.it
cmm.crs4.it
cp2020.crs4.it
diot.crs4.it
handyparking.crs4.it
hma.crs4.it
interhealth2018.crs4.it
lab-boat.crs4.it
next.crs4.it
niasmic.crs4.it
nutrimet2018.crs4.it
overtheview.crs4.it
rsu.crs4.it
sarim.crs4.it
stag2019.crs4.it
thelabboat.crs4.it
videogameschool2017.crs4.it
This information does not apply to other websites, pages, or online services that are accessible through hyperlinks published on this website and route to external resources.
THE CONTROLLERS
The data controller is CRS4 S.r.l. located in Technology Park of Sardinia, Building 1, Piscina Manna, Pula (CA)
E-mail: INFO@CRS4.IT PEC and/or CRS4@LEGALMAIL.IT (hereinafter also “CRS4”).
THE DATA PROTECTION OFFICER
CRS4’s data protection officer (DPO) can be contacted via email (dpo@crs4.it) or by phone at +393931065076. The data protection officer who is in charge of monitoring compliance with the rules and policies related to personal data processing, among other things, can be contacted for all questions regarding the processing of a user’s personal data and exercising their rights.
THE TYPES OF DATA PROCESSED AND THE PURPOSES OF PROCESSING
Navigation data
During their normal operation, this website’s information technology systems and software procedures obtain some personal data whose transmission is implicit in the use of internet communication protocols.
This data type includes the IP addresses or domain names of the computers and devices used, the URI/URL (uniform resource identifier/locator) addresses of the requested resources, the time of the request, the method used to submit the request to the server, the file size obtained in response, the numeric status code indicating the status of the response from the server (success, error, etc.), and other parameters related to the user’s operating system and information technology environment.
Such data, which is necessary for the use of web services, can also be processed to:
obtain statistical information on the use of services (the most visited pages, the number of visitors by time or day, the user’s geographical area, etc.);
check that the services offered are functioning properly.
Data provided voluntarily by users
Sending optional, explicit, or voluntary messages to the contact addresses on the website or private messages to the institutional profiles/pages on social media (where this option is provided) as well as completing and submitting forms on the website involve acquiring the sender’s contact data, which are necessary to respond, and all personal data included in the message.
Specific policy information may be published on the pages related to specific services that are offered.
Cookies and other tracking technologies
Cookies are small files sent by the web server to the user’s web browser and stored by the latter on the user’s device. During subsequent visits to the site, the web server accesses these files stored on the user’s device for various purposes.
The CRS4 website does not use user profiling cookies or other tracking methods.
Session cookies are used in a way that is strictly limited to what is necessary for safe and efficient website navigation. The storage of session cookies on devices or browsers is controlled by the user, whereas information related to cookies is stored in the service logs on the servers at the end of HTTP sessions.
The methods of processing personal data through cookies are described in the second part of this policy.
THE LEGAL BASIS FOR PROCESSING
Personal data is processed by CRS4 for the aforementioned purposes according to its legitimate interest in the proper functioning of information technology systems related to the website’s operation or in order to respond to users’ requests.
THE DATA RECIPIENTS
The recipients of the data collected during navigation on the website are CRS4’s employees and collaborators who have been explicitly appointed and authorized and who have received specific instructions. Authorized personnel have different access levels depending on their specific tasks.
THE HANDLING OF DATA AND THE DATA STORAGE PERIOD
Navigation data will be retained for no longer than seven days (except when judicial authorities need the data to investigate crimes).
Data provided voluntarily by users via email or by completing forms on the website will be retained for the time needed to comply with the aforementioned legal obligations and, in any case, no longer than the terms the data controller is subject to by law or regulation.
THE TRANSFER OF DATA OUTSIDE THE EUROPEAN UNION
The data collected will not be disclosed, nor will it be transferred outside of the European Union.
THE CONSEQUENCES OF FAILING TO PROVIDE PERSONAL DATA
If the user fails to provide his/her personal data, he/she will not be able to use the services that require identification and registration.
THE AUTOMATED DECISION-MAKING PROCESS, INCLUDING PROFILING
Users’ personal data will not be subject to any automated decision-making processes, including profiling.
THE RIGHTS OF THE DATA SUBJECT
According to the current rules and regulations, data subjects exercise the following rights:
to request access to their own personal data and information, the modification of incorrect data or the integration of incomplete data, the erasure of personal data (when one of the conditions under Article 17 (1) of GDPR applies and is in compliance with the exceptions under paragraph 3 of the same article, for example, if the user’s data has been unlawfully processed), and the limitation of personal data processing (under one of the circumstances pursuant to Article 18 (1) of GDPR, for example, if the processing of personal data is unlawful);
to withdraw consent to personal data processing at any time when specific circumstances that concern the user occur;
to exercise the right to data portability, or in other words, the right to receive personal data in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format and to transmit that data to another data controller, only when the processing is based on consent and only when the data is processed electronically.
These requests can be sent to the data controller or to the data protection officer (RDP/DPO) at the contact addresses indicated above. The form for exercising these rights is available at: http://cmc.crs4.it/ui/s3/docs/modulo.esercizio.diritti.docx.
THE RIGHT TO LODGE A COMPLAINT
When a data subject believes that the processing of his/her personal data on this website is in violation of the Regulation, he/she has the right to lodge a complaint with the data protection authority (www.garanteprivacy.it), as required by Article 77 of this Regulation, or to take legal recourse (Article 79 of the Regulation).
Disclosure on the Processing of Personal Data through Cookies
This information, which is an integral part of the privacy policy , is also compliant with Article 122 of Legislative Decree 196/2003 and Ruling no. 229/2014 of the Italian Data Protection Supervision Authority.
The personal data of this website’s users may also be processed through cookies
General Information about Cookies
Cookies are small files sent by the web server to the user’s web browser and stored by the latter on the user’s device. During subsequent visits to the site, the web server accesses the files stored on the user’s device for various purposes. Depending on the purpose of their use, cookies can be divided into two main categories:
Technical or Analytical Cookies
Technical cookies are used solely to send communications over an electronic communication network and can further be divided into navigation or session cookies; analytical cookies (which allow aggregated information on the number of website visitors and how they visit the website to be collected), functionality cookies (which allow users to make use of certain website features such as language and display modes). Analytical cookies are considered technical cookies when they are created and used directly by the first-party website to improve its usability. This is the only information that needs to be released in order to use technical cookies.
Profiling Cookies
Profiling cookies are designed to create user profiles and are used to send advertisements in line with the preferences shown by the user while browsing the web. Since these devices can be particularly invasive when it comes to users' privacy, Italian and EU legislation provides that the user must be adequately informed about their use and express his/her valid consent.
“First-party” or “Third-party” Cookies
The website can install both analytical/technical cookies and profiling cookies on the user’s computer. These can be first- or third-party cookies. In the latter case, it is worth highlighting that third parties can change the characteristics and functions of the cookies in a way that is entirely independent of the publisher’s will, and that the publisher acts merely as a technical intermediary regarding the installation of these cookies.
Which cookies does this website use?
“Publisher’s” Cookies (CRS4’s Cookies)
These cookies are installed directly by the website’s server and are analytical or technical cookies designed exclusively to collect aggregated information on the number of users and how they visit the website, for example, whether they have read the cookie policy as well as to allow users to choose the language or display mode. Some cookies are stored for the duration of the session, while others have a preset duration which is longer than the session time. In any case, all cookies installed by the website can be erased from a computer by using dedicated software or plugins for the specific browser. To use these cookies, this information is sufficient and the user’s consent is not required.
This website does not use first-party profiling cookies.
Third-party Cookies
Statistics
The services listed in this section allow the data controller to monitor and analyze traffic data and are used to track user behavior.
Google Analytics (Google Inc.)
Google Analytics is a web analytics service provided by Google Inc. (“Google”). Google uses the collected personal data to track and analyze the use of this application, compile reports, and share them with other services developed by Google.
Google may use the data to contextualize and personalize the advertisements of its own advertisement network.
Personal Data Collected:
Cookies and anonymous usage data, which are therefore comparable to technical cookies.
Processing location: USA–Privacy Policy–Opt Out
Multimedia Elements
These services allow users to view and interact with content that is hosted on external platforms directly from the pages on this website. Even if users do not use this service, it can collect traffic data related to the pages on which it is installed. The data controller does not have access to the data that is gathered and processed independently by the social network platform managers. Users can read the privacy policies provided by the following entities:
YouTube Video Widget (Google Inc.)
YouTube is a video content visualization service managed by Google Inc. which allows this application to embed content into its own pages.
Personal Data Collected: Cookies and usage data.
Processing location: USA –Privacy Policy
Facebook
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation
Twitter
https://twitter.com/en/privacy
Google Search
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en&gl=en
https://policies.google.com/technologies/product-privacy?hl=en
How to Delete Cookies
Most browsers accept cookies automatically, but it is possible to reject them. If the user does not wish to receive or store cookies, he/she can change their browser’s security settings (Internet Explorer, Google Chrome, Mozilla Firefox, Apple Safari, etc). Please consider that if one disables the cookies, he/she will be asked to re-enter the requested information every time he/she accesses our online services because the system will not have saved it.
There are a lot of ways to disable cookies depending on the browser: Microsoft Internet Explorer – Google Chrome – Mozilla Firefox – Apple Safari.
Disclosure on the Processing of Personal Data through Cookies
This information, which is an integral part of the privacy policy, is also compliant with Article 122 of Legislative Decree 196/2003 and Ruling no. 229/2014 of the Italian Data Protection Supervision Authority.
The personal data of the users of this website may also be processed through cookies.
General Information about Cookies
Cookies are small files sent by the web server to the user’s web browser and stored by the latter on the user’s device. During subsequent, the web server accesses the files stored on the user’s device for various purposes. Depending on the purpose of their use, cookies can be divided into two main categories:
Technical or Analytical Cookies
Technical cookies are used solely to send communications over an electronic communication network and can further be divided into navigation or session cookies; analytical cookies (which allow aggregated information on the number of website visitors and how they visit the website to be collected), functionality cookies (which allow users to make use of certain website features such as language and display modes). Analytical cookies are considered technical cookies when they are created and used directly by the first-party website to improve its usability. To use technical cookies, it is sufficient to release just this information.
Profiling Cookies
Profiling cookies are designed to create user profiles and are used to send advertisements in line with the preferences shown by the user while browsing the web. Since these devices can be particularly invasive when it comes to users' privacy, Italian and EU legislation provides that the user must be adequately informed about their use and express his/her valid consent.
“First-party” or “Third-party” Cookies
The website can install both analytical/technical cookies and profiling cookies on the user’s computer. These can be first- or third-party cookies. In the latter case, it is worth highlighting that third parties can change the characteristics and functions of the cookies in a way that is entirely independent of the publisher’s will, and that the publisher acts merely as a technical intermediary regarding the installation of these cookies.
Which cookies does this website use?
CRS4 “Publisher’s” Cookies
These cookies are installed directly by the site’s web server and are analytical or technical cookies designed exclusively to collect aggregated information on the number of users and how they visit the website, for example whether they have read the cookie policy as well as to allow users to choose the language or display mode. Some cookies are stored for the duration of the session, while others have a preset duration which is longer than the session time. In any case, all cookies installed by the website can be erased from a computer by using dedicated software or plugins for the specific browser. To use these cookies, this information is sufficient and the user’s consent is not required.
This website does not use first-party profiling cookies.
Third-party Cookies
Statistics
The services listed in this section allow the data controller to monitor and analyze traffic data and are used to track user behavior.
Google Analytics (Google Inc.)
Google Analytics is a web analytics service provided by Google Inc. (“Google”). Google uses the collected personal data to track and analyze the use of this application, compile reports, and share them with other services developed by Google.
Google may use the data to contextualize and personalize the advertisements of its own advertisement network.
Personal Data Collected:
Cookies and anonymous usage data, which are therefore comparable to technical cookies.
Processing location: USA–Privacy Policy–Opt Out
Multimedia Elements
These services allow users to view and interact with content that is hosted on external platforms directly from the pages on this website. Even if users do not use this service, it can collect traffic data related to the pages in which it is installed. The data controller does not have access to the data that is gathered and processed independently by the social network platform managers. Users can read the privacy policies provided by the following entities:
YouTube Video Widget (Google Inc.)
YouTube is a video content visualization service managed by Google Inc. which allows this widget to embed YouTube content into Google pages.
Personal Data Collected: Cookies and usage data.
Processing location: USA –Privacy Policy
Slide Sharing
SLIDESHARE
SlideShare, which is a content-sharing platform, and LinkedIn Pulse, which is a news-reading application, belong to the LinkedIn family.
Personal Data Collected: Cookies and usage data.
Processing location: USA –Privacy Policy
Facebook
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation
https://www.facebook.com/policies/cookies/
Google Search
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en&gl=en
https://policies.google.com/technologies/cookies?hl=en
https://policies.google.com/technologies/product-privacy?hl=en
How to Delete Cookies
Most browsers accept cookies automatically, but it is possible to reject them. If the user does not wish to receive or store cookies, he/she can change their browser’s security settings (Internet Explorer, Google Chrome, Mozilla Firefox, Apple Safari, etc). Please consider that if one disables the cookies, he/she will be asked to re-enter the requested information every time he/she accesses our online services because the system will not have saved it.
There are many ways to disable cookies depending on the browser used: Microsoft Internet Explorer – Google Chrome – Mozilla Firefox – Apple Safari.
December 2, 2019
×
Questo sito utilizza cookie tecnici e assimilati. Possono essere presenti anche cookie profilazione di terze parti. Se vuoi saperne di più o negare il consenso a tutti o ad alcuni cookie leggi l'informativa completa. Proseguendo nella navigazione (anche con il semplice scrolling) acconsenti all'uso dei cookie. This site uses technical and anonymized analytics cookies only. There may also be profiling third-party cookies. Please read the cookie information page to learn more about how we use cookies or blocking them. more information AcceptThe cookie settings on this website are set to "allow cookies" to give you the best browsing experience possible. If you continue to use this website without changing your cookie settings or you click "Accept" below then you are consenting to this.Close