http://www.webexpenses.com/us/cookie-policy
Skip to content
Login
APAC Login
Book a demo
Cookie Policy
Our aim is to give you the smoothest and simplest experience whilst you browse our website. To continually enhance your experience we use cookies that store your preferences and give us data about what pages you visited, how much time you spent on our site etc. This helps us to improve your experience on our website. The cookies used do not store any information that is personal in nature and it is only analysed in an aggregated manner. We do not combine the general information collected through cookies with other personal information we hold to identify you.
Please find below some more information regarding cookies and their use on our website:
What are Cookies?
Like many websites, we use cookies to help us monitor your use of the website. These cookies are used by Google Analytics so that we know when you’ve visited one page and then another. We also use cookies if you login to our website with a username and password we’ve given you. A cookie is a simple text file that is stored on your computer or mobile device by a website’s server and only that server will be able to retrieve or read the contents of that cookie. Every cookie is unique to your particular web browser. It will contain some anonymous information.
How we use cookies
We may use cookies to:
Analyse our web traffic using an analytics package. Aggregated usage data helps us improve the website structure, design, content and functions.
To recognise when you return to our website.
Cookies do not provide us with access to your computer or any information about you, other than which you choose to share with us.
Google Analytics Cookies
You can “opt out” of Google Analytics cookies by installing the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on (https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout) to block Google Analytics on all websites, or you can configure your browser to block cookies.
Controlling Cookies
You can use your web browser’s cookie settings to determine how our website uses cookies. If you do not want our website to store cookies on your computer or device you should set your web browser to refuse cookies.
How can you manage cookies?
To enable cookies
If you’re not sure of the type and version of web browser you use to access the Internet:
For PCs: click on ‘Help’ at the top of your browser window and select the ‘About’ option
For Macs: with the browser window open, click on the Apple menu and select the ‘About’ option
How to check cookies are enabled for PCs
Google Chrome
Click on ‘Tools’ at the top of your browser window and select Options
Click the ‘Under the Hood’ tab, locate the ‘Privacy’ section, and select the ‘Content settings’ button
Now select ‘Allow local data to be set’
Microsoft Internet Explorer 6.0, 7.0, 8.0
Click on ‘Tools’ at the top of your browser window and select ‘Internet options’ , then click on the ‘Privacy’ tab
Ensure that your Privacy level is set to Medium or below, which will enable cookies in your browser
Settings above Medium will disable cookies
Mozilla Firefox
Click on ‘Tools’ at the top of your browser window and select Options
Then select the Privacy icon
Click on Cookies, then select ‘allow sites to set cookies’
Safari
Click on the Cog icon at the top of your browser window and select the ‘Preferences’ option
Click on ‘Security’, check the option that says ‘Block third-party and advertising cookies’
Click ‘Save’
How to check cookies are enabled for Macs
Microsoft Internet Explorer 5.0 on OSX
Click on ‘Explorer’ at the top of your browser window and select ‘Preferences’ options
Scroll down until you see ‘Cookies’ under Receiving Files
Select the ‘Never Ask’ option
Safari on OSX
Click on ‘Safari’ at the top of your browser window and select the ‘Preferences’ option
Click on ‘Security’ then ‘Accept cookies’
Select the ‘Only from site you navigate to’
Mozilla and Netscape on OSX
Click on ‘Mozilla’ or ‘Netscape’ at the top of your browser window and select the ‘Preferences’ option
Scroll down until you see cookies under ‘Privacy & Security’
Select ‘Enable cookies for the originating web site only’
Opera
Click on ‘Menu’ at the top of your browser window and select ‘Settings’
Then select ‘Preferences’, select the ‘Advanced’ tab
Then select ‘Accept cookies’ option
All other browsers
Please consult your documentation or online help files.
How to Disable/Delete Cookies:
All modern browsers allow you to change your cookie preferences. These are generally found in the options menu on the browser. Click here
Further information about cookies
If you’d like to learn more about cookies in general and how to manage them, visit www.aboutcookies.org (opens in a new window – please note that we can’t be responsible for the content of external websites).
Changes to this policy
The above privacy policy information may change at any time. We will endeavour to notify you of any major changes but you may wish to check it each time you visit our website. Last updated 8th May 2018.
Links from our site
Our website may contain links to other websites which are provided solely for your convenience.
Please note that we have no control of websites outside of www.webexpenses.com / www.webonboarding.com. If you provide information to a website to which we link, we are not responsible for its protection and privacy. We do not endorse or make any representations about them or how they maintain data accuracy. We have put in place appropriate physical, electronic and managerial safeguards to secure the information we collect online.
Contact Us
If you have comments or queries about our privacy policy, please contact us at gdpr@webexpenses.com or gdpr@webonboarding.comand use the word “Privacy” in the subject line.
You have the right to request details of the personal data we process for you, where we obtained it from and if we have disclosed it to third parties. If you would like to request access to this information, please email gdpr@webexpenses.com or gdpr@webonboarding.com.
CookiesWe use our own and third-party cookies to improve your experience and our services. By continuing to use the website we understand that you accept their use. Click here for more information on our Cookies Policy. Click here for more information on our Cookies Policy.Okay