https://www.spectra.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy and Policy
Search this website
HomePrivacy and Policy
Why Spectra?
Buy Equipment
Sell Equipment
Privacy & Policy
Contact Us
Home
SPECTRA Privacy Policy
This Privacy policy sets out how SPECTRA uses and protects any information that you provide when you use this website.
Our Privacy Policy is evergreen and may be updated when/if necessary. Please check this page from time to time to assure that you are content with any changes in this policy.
SPECTRA is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure and as such, we’ve put in place suitable electronic and internal procedures to safeguard, assure and secure the information we collect online.
Your information
SPECTRA will not disclose, sell, distribute, lease or provide your information or any part of it, to any third parties at any time for any reason, unless required by law to do so.
If for some reason, you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please call/email us for prompt correction.
In the course of our business with, and in service to you, we typically gather…
Your name and job title
Your contact information including email address, web site, street address, etc
Your Technical preferences and relevant interests
What we do with the information we gather…
We require this information to understand your specific needs…
To best serve you
For Customer Service, Internal records and follow up
To advise you of opportunities which you’ve shown an interest
Products Description and Pricing
SPECTRA attempts to be as accurate as possible in any/all representations. However; SPECTRA is not the manufacturer of the Equipment we sell and as such, SPECTRA does not warrant that product descriptions or other content of this site is always accurate, complete, reliable, current, or error-free as most information is gleaned from the respective manufacturer. Hence SPECTRA is not typically the source, but rather the “messenger” in our role of customer Service and as such, SPECTRA relies solely on the respective manufacturer’s representations, technical expertise, etc. for all resource data. That said, if for some unforeseen reason, should a product offered by SPECTRA somehow be non-conforming to the manufacturers representations, any matter of remedy, upon and with SPECTRA’s management written approval is limited to simply return same in unused condition for reimbursement.
All equipment quoted is available at time of quote, unless otherwise specified, but given limited supply (…and by industry standard), subject to prior sale, please be guided accordingly. Any/all prices quoted are valid 48 hours, based on current market and subject to change. Again, please be advised, any/all equipment are subject to prior sale
As to pricing, SPECTRA has right to change pricing at any time subject to then, supply, demand and then, other prevailing market conditions.
Cookies
SPECTRA does not, never has, nor ever will utilize “cookies” at any time.
Links to other websites
Our website contains links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should therefore, exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Copyright
All content included on this site, such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips, digital downloads, data compilations, and software, is the property of SPECTRA or its content suppliers and protected by United States and international copyright laws. The compilation of all content on this site is the exclusive property of SPECTRA and protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. All software used on this site is the property of SPECTRA or its software suppliers and protected by United States and international copyright laws.
Should you have any questions or concern about SPECTRA’s privacy policy, please feel free to call (714) 970-7000 or email us info (at) SPECTRA.com. We’ll be pleased to address your concerns accordingly.
Call Now Button