http://www.neilhoward.co.uk/terms-conditions/
Hit enter to search or ESC to close
A Fully Hosted and Managed Telephony SystemTalk ExpressAre you ready for the End of Telephone Lines?
Read MoreBusiness MobilesNetwork Independent and Tailored
Network Independent and Tailored for your needs
Read MoreM2M Data SimsSpecialist in providing data sims
Specialist in providing data sims for
machines and mobiles
Read MoreEntrySignVisitor Management SystemThe only sign-in solution to offer full screening,
sanitising and tracing!'
Read More
Terms & Conditions
All products and services come with small print and it is really important you take some time to look at it to make sure you fully understand the terms and conditions you’ll be entering into with us. We also want you to be confident about how we will handle your data to make sure it is secure and this is explained in our privacy policy.
Conditions for the Provision of Services
Extra Charges on your bill
Some types of calls, messaging and data use aren’t included in your tariff, so you’ll be charged extra for them. And if you use up your normal allowance of calls, texts or data, you’ll be charged for any usage on top of this.
Please select the appropriate service and tariff for details. Your Account Manager will gladly help if you have any questions.
Mobile Services
Vodafone One and Only OOB
O2 One and Only OOB
O2 Small Biz Rates
AnywhereSim Calls Rating Table
Mobile Fair Usage Policy
Fixed Telephone Services
Standard Calls Rating Table
Cloud Hosted Telephone Services
TalkExpress Calls Rating Table
Horizon Calls Rating Table
Privacy Policy
Our privacy policy refers to personal data, this is defined as information concerning any living person (a natural person who hereafter will be called the Data Subject) that is not already in the public domain.
The Data Protection Act (DPA), Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations (PECR) and The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) which is EU wide and far more extensive, seek to protect and enhance the rights of data subjects.
These rights cover the safeguarding of personal data, protection against the unlawful processing of personal data and the unrestricted movement of personal data within the EU. It should be noted that GDPR does not apply to information already in the public domain such as Companies House data.
Unified World Communications is pleased to provide our Privacy Policy
Customer Complaints Procedure
At Unified World Communications Limited we are committed to providing our customers with an excellent level of service. We recognise that we sometimes get it wrong, and when we do, we want you to tell us so that we can put things right as quickly and smoothly as possible.
With this in mind, we have developed complaints procedure which explains who you should contact and what do if you have a complaint about Unified World Communications’ services. The complaints procedure is described here.
Environmental Policy
This policy applies to all activities undertaken by Unified World Communications Limited and impacts upon key suppliers and customers.
We are committed to minimising the environmental impact of our operations. In particular, we will achieve this through our commitment to:
comply with all relevant legislation and regulations;
regularly review the environmental impact of our activities, endeavour to reduce our overall environmental impact and prevent waste using best practice techniques;
involve employees in our environmental programme and provide the necessary training to enable them to discharge their responsibilities;
sustain a programme of continual improvement in environmental performance incorporating suitable measurement and monitoring mechanisms;
work with key suppliers to encourage them to develop environmental best practice; and improve resource efficiency (including our use of water, energy and raw materials).
strive to become a ‘paperless office’ through the use of latest technology techniques.
Ofcom Regulations
Unified World Communications and all other UK communications providers are regulated under Ofcom’s General Conditions of Entitlement. These regulations apply to anyone who provides an electronic communication service or an electronic communications network.
More specifically, General Condition 22 regulates how communications providers are able to market and sell fixed-line telephony services to customers. Full details of General Condition 22 are available by clicking here.
General Condition 23 regulates how communications providers are able to market and sell mobile telephony services to customers. Full details of General Condition 23 are available by clicking here.
Ofgem Regulations
The TPI Code of Practice is a set of standards that set the benchmark for responsible, high-quality TPIs selling energy to micros businesses. By signing up to this Code of Practice, Unified World agrees to:
be bound by it
make sure their people (including any third parties they use)
know it and stick to it tell the customers they’re selling to what the Code is and where to find it
uphold the public image and reputation of the suppliers they represent.
Contact Details
Challenge Way
Greenbank Technology Park
Blackburn
Lancashire
BB1 5QB
Main Telephone : 01254 271 333
Email: info@unifiedworld.co.uk
VoIP Enquiries: 01254 271 334
Email: voip@unifiedworld.co.uk
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Subscribe to our Monthly Newsletter
Email Address
© 2020 Unified World Communications.
Unified World
About
About Unified World
Media Hub
Customer Login
Business Telecoms
Office Phone Systems
TalkExpress VoIP System
VoCoVo Go for Retail
Business Mobiles
Business Broadband
Business Connectivity
Telecom Management
Business Telecoms Leasing
IoT & M2M
Internet of Things
M2M Data Sims
IoT/LTE Routers
Digital and Sensory
Digital Products
Visitor Management System
Interactive Digital 4k Touch Screens
Totem Touch Screen Digital Signage
Dash Camera Technology
Sensory Products
Sensory Spaces
Sensory Scents
Wizefloor Interactive Floor
Mood Ceilings
Funtronic Interactive Surface
COVID-19 Support
Cloud Office Telephone System
Internet-in-a-Box
Hand Sanitisers
Door Handle Sanitisers
Protective Shields
Steriliser Box
Contact
Tel: 01254 271 333 | info@unifiedworld.co.uk
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OKPrivacy policy