https://www.buzznet.com/privacy/
Style
Entertainment
Music
Buzzmakers
Advertise
Privacy
Terms
Copyright
Last modified: April 6, 2020
Introduction
We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting it through our compliance with this policy.
This Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) is designed to explain about data collection practices utilized when you are using the Internet site that you linked from (the “Website”). This Privacy Policy is part of our Terms of Service available at Terms of Service, and it applies to end users who use or access the Website. If you are not the end user of the Website, you must reflect this Privacy Policy to your end users and ensure their consent.
Your Consent
Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use our Website. BY ACCESSING OR USING THIS WEBSITE, YOU AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY.
This policy may change from time to time (see Changes to our Privacy Policy – below). Your continued use of this Website after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the policy periodically for updates.
Children Under the Age of 13
Our Website is not intended for children under 13 years of age. No one under age 13 may provide any personal information to or on the Website. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at the email address in the last paragraph below.
About Your Information
Type of Information, Collection And Uses.
In order to enable you to use various services on our Website and constantly improve and upgrade it, we may use certain end user’s information (including cookies and local storage). The following is an explanation on end user’s information, and what type of information we use in our Website.
Non-Personal Information:
means information that alone cannot identify you, including data we receive and/or extract from your device upon your using of the Website (as defined under the Terms). At all time, we make sure to extract and store the data in an anonymous and aggregative manner.
When using the Website, we collect non-personal information of end users that includes details of your visits to our Website, including operating system, browser type, traffic data, location data, logs and other communication data and the resources that you access and use on the Website.
We also collect device IP address that is allocated by the Internet service provider to identify the country and language; In some jurisdictions and given specific circumstances, IP address may be considered to be personal information when used with other information in an attempt to individually identify users. However, we make no such use in the data we collect, and we make no attempt or effort to personally identify any user. We Encode the IP in a manner that can’t be identified.
Personal Information:
What is it? It means information about you that specifically identifies you or, when combined with other information, can be used to identify you.
Do we collect? We do not intentionally collect or store any personal information in a manner that can identify you, unless you directly provide it to us.
Information You Provide to Us
The information we collect on or through our Website may include:
Information that you provide by filling in forms on our Website. This includes information provided at the time of registering to use our Website, subscribing to our email list, posting comments or content, or requesting further services. We may also ask you for information when you enter a contest or promotion sponsored by us, and when you report a problem with our Website.
Records and copies of your correspondence (including email addresses), if you contact us.
You also may provide information or comments to be published or displayed (hereinafter, “posted”) on public areas of the Website, or transmitted to third parties (collectively, “User Contributions”). Your User Contributions are posted on and transmitted to others at your own risk.
Statistical Information:
The information we collect automatically is statistical data and does not include personal information. The technologies we use for this automatic data collection may include cookies and local storage:
Cookies and Local Storage
To enhance your user experience, we use “local storage” or place “cookies” on your hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about you.
Cookies (or browser cookies). Local Storage and cookie are small files placed on the hard drive of your computer. You may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our Website. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our Website.
Flash Cookies. Certain features of our Website may use local stored objects (or Flash cookies) to collect and store information about your preferences and navigation to, from and on our Website. Flash cookies are not managed by the same browser settings as are used for browser cookies.
Web Beacons. Pages of our Website and our emails may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs. pixel tags and single pixel gifs) that permit the Company, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or opened an email and for other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity).
You may choose to set Your browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If you do so, note that some parts of the Website may not function properly.
Third Party Use of Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
Some content or applications, including advertisements, on the Website are served by third parties, including advertisers, ad networks and servers, content providers and application providers. These third parties may use cookies alone or in conjunction with web beacons or other tracking technologies to collect information about you when you use our website. The information they collect may be associated with your personal information or they may collect information, including personal information, about your online activities over time and across different websites and other online services . They may use this information to provide you with interest based (behavioral) advertising or other targeted content.
We do not control these third parties’ tracking technologies or how they may be used. If you have any questions about an advertisement or other targeted content, you should contact the responsible provider directly. Here you can find links to privacy policy of few third party service providers, where you can exercise your rights with regards to your personal information, to access, delete or opt-out.
You can opt out of receiving targeted ads from members of the Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”) on the NAI’s website NAI’s website and NAI IAB Opt-Out. You may go to the Digital Advertising Alliance site to set advertising preferences for participating companies here: Advertising Alliance site. If you are outside of the United States, you may set advertising choices for participating companies here: here.
We have contracted with Yahoo to monitor certain pages of our website for the purpose of reporting web traffic, statistics, advertisement ‘click-throughs,’ and/or other activities on our website. No personally identifiable data is transferred to Yahoo by us. Where authorized by us, Yahoo may use cookies, web beacons, and/or other monitoring technologies to compile anonymous statistics about our website visitors. However, if you choose, you may opt out from Yahoo’s collection of such information outside of the Yahoo distribution network, by clicking on the following link: http://info.yahoo.com/privacy/us/yahoo/opt_out/targeting/details.html.Opt-Out of interest-based advertising
http://info.yahoo.com/privacy/us/yahoo/opt_out/targeting/details.html.
We use a service by Criteo to offer targeted advertising to you. You may deactivate the Criteo Service by following instructions in Criteo’s privacy policy (http://www.criteo.com/privacy/).
How We Use and Disclose Your Information
Any information that we collect or receive about you may be used by us for the following purposes:
to provide and monetize our Website
to provide you with customer support and respond to inquiries;
to deliver content or advertising;
to perform market research or measure Website usage;
to analyze traffic counts, your interests and Website performance.
We may also use and share aggregated, anonymous data about the use of our Website and related activity, and such data is not subject to this Privacy Policy.
To contact you. In case you directly contacted us.
We only disclose or share your non-public personal information with third parties when we believe doing so is permitted by you and/or authorized by this Privacy Policy.
To provide relevant content and advertising. We may use and share the information you provide to us, and information we collect about your use of our Website through tracking and other technologies, to deliver relevant advertisements, offers and content when using our Website. We may work with third party advertising networks and advertisers who help deliver these ads to you. As noted above, these third party advertising networks and advertisers may also use cookies and other technologies to collect and track user data such as demographic information, location, interests, affiliations, website usage, e-commerce, and other online activity to assist them in delivering advertising and content that is more relevant to your interests. They may also supplement data from other sources to help deliver more relevant ads.
To allow third party service providers to assist us: such as business partners, vendors, contractors, agents or sponsors, who help us manage our Website, or provide Website content, advertisements and other services. These services may include advertising and marketing; developing or supporting products and features; processing data or statistics; and supplementing or organizing information or data. These outside service providers are required to protect non-public personal information and not use or disclose it for unauthorized purposes.
To protect our rights and the rights of our users. We may disclose your information in order to: (i) protect or defend our legal rights or property or the legal rights or property of any of our vendors, partners or affiliates, or any of their employees, agents and contractors (including enforcement of agreements); (ii) protect the safety and security of individuals; (iii) protect against fraud or for risk management purposes; or (iv) comply with the law, subpoena or other legal process or requirement.
To complete a merger or sale of assets of the Company.
Location of Collected Data
We store your information in protected servers in the United States and other countries and in AWS (Amazon) secured servers.
Withdraw your consent of processing your data
If you previously gave your consent to us and to our third party’s partners,  to use your personal data, you can contact us at contact@buzznet.com, or click on the correct link below, in order to withdraw your permission at any time. Once you’ve withdrawn your permission, we will no longer use your personal data.
EU Member state’s citizen
California Member state citizen or resident
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
It is our policy to post any changes we make to our privacy policy on this page. The date the privacy policy was last modified, is identified at the top of the page.
Contact Information
To ask questions or comment about this privacy policy and our privacy practices, contact us at: legal@buzznet.com
List of Third Party Exchanges
Third Party Name
Privacy Policy
Sovrn/Pub Media
https://www.sovrn.com/privacy-policy/
Verizon Media
https://www.verizonmedia.com/policies/us/en/verizonmedia/privacy/
Rhythmone
https://www.rhythmone.com/privacy-policy/
Index Exchange
https://www.indexexchange.com/privacy/
YieldMo
https://www.yieldmo.com/privacy-policy/
Nativo
https://admin.nativo.com/privacy
Appnexus
https://www.appnexus.com/de/platform-privacy-policy
Google
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US