https://www.1099-etc.com/customer-support/privacy-statement/
Welcome visitor. You can login or create an account.
— Main Menu —Home - My Account
- Order History
Software - Order Now
- W-2 / 1099 Forms Filer
- Affordable Care Act Filer
- 1042-S Filer
- Software Generated Forms
- AMS Payroll
- AMS E-File Software
- Forms Filer Plus
- Free Demo
Customer Support - Privacy Statement
- Important Security Information
- WinZip Self-Extractor Error
- Contact Support
- Download Update
- How to Reserialize your Program
- How To Upgrade Program Options
- Form Instructions Help
- All Forms Included in the Forms Filer
- State Supported Forms
- Federally Supported Forms
- Software Manuals
- Utility Downloads
- Importing From Other Programs
Blog
FAQs
About Us - Contact Us
- Testimonials
- Letter From The President
Home
My Account
Order History
Software
Order Now
W-2 / 1099 Forms Filer
Affordable Care Act Filer
1042-S Filer
Software Generated Forms
AMS Payroll
AMS E-File Software
Forms Filer Plus
Free Demo
Customer Support
Privacy Statement
Important Security Information
WinZip Self-Extractor Error
Contact Support
Download Update
How to Reserialize your Program
How To Upgrade Program Options
Form Instructions Help
All Forms Included in the Forms Filer
State Supported Forms
Federally Supported Forms
Software Manuals
Utility Downloads
Importing From Other Programs
Blog
FAQs
About Us
Contact Us
Testimonials
Letter From The President
Privacy StatementAdvanced Micro Solutions (AMS) may, through the course of business, come in contact with sensitive, confidential, and/or protected information.
Generally this information is sent to AMS from our customers for use in troubleshooting an issue they are having in the 1099-Etc software.
Customer data sent electronically is saved to a specific backup folder located on the AMS network.
The customer data is then restored to a technician’s computer for analysis.
Once the issue is resolved the data is returned only to the customer (if desired).
The data is always deleted from all email and the technician’s computer.
The network folder is deleted nightly.
Printed customer data that has been emailed, faxed, or generated by a technician is shredded as soon as it is no longer needed.
AMS makes all reasonable efforts to ensure that unauthorized persons are not able to view any confidential information from their computer or computer screen.
Employees do not, either during or after their employment with AMS, misuse, divulge, loan or sell any customer information.
However, employees may discuss customer data with other employees in order to resolve a problem with the data or the software.
ADDRESS Advanced Micro Solutions, Inc.1709 South State StreetEdmond, OK 73013-3633 EMAIL info@1099-etc.comPHONE Sales and Information(800) 536-1099
Technical Support(405) 340-0697FAX Orders(800) 519-1174
Technical Support Fax(800) 578-1780
All Contents Copyright ©1985 - ©2020 Advanced Micro Solutions, Inc.
best live chat