https://www.adbutler.com/agreements.spark?agreement=privacy
MENU
Features
Developers
Blog
Pricing
Free Trial
Existing Users
Sign in
Have more questions? Looking to schedule a product demo?
Give us a call and one of our account managers will be happy to help.
1-877-345-9839
Privacy Statement
AdButler is a SparkLIT Networks Inc product and follows all it's agreements and
policies.
See all Agreements and Policies
AdButler recognizes your right to confidentiality and is committed to protecting your privacy. This privacy
statement discloses what information we gather, how we use it, and how to correct or change it. You can expect
to be notified of:
What personally identifiable information of yours is collected.
What organization is collecting the information.
How the information is used.
With whom the information may be shared.
What choices you have regarding the collection, use and distribution of the information.
What kinds of security procedures are in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of information
under the company’s control.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
You should direct questions regarding this statement to any of our listed methods of contact: https://adbutler.com/contact-us.spark
Your personal information
We do not collect personal information when you visit our site unless you signup for a service, place an order,
register, complete a survey or enter a contest.
When you signup for a service, we will ask you for the following personal information: name and e-mail address.
We may use your personal information to contact you for account purposes.
When you place an order (upgrade to a paid version of software), we will ask you for the following personal
information: name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number, and credit card number and its expiration
date. This information is requested to verify your identity. This information is transmitted via a secure
encrypted server using Transport Layer Security (TLS) encryption, more commonly known as HTTPS, the approved
industry standard (see Security section below). We may use your personal information to contact you for
account purposes.
When you submit feedback or questions via e-mail, or contact us for information about our Web site, we will
request your name and e-mail address. We use this information solely to respond to your inquiries.
We share general demographic information with advertisers and partners as aggregated information that cannot be
used in any way to identify you.
All performance statistics and data is kept private and not released to any of our partners without your
permission. Occasionally, we may reference our own statistics, but the data will be an aggregate of our
whole client base, and not identify any one party.
AdButler certifies that all personal information relating to its members and clients, including email addresses
and personal information, will be kept confidential. We do not share, sell, rent or barter any identifiable
personal information to any third party without your permission.
Company information
You agree that AdButler may identify your company name and/or logo as an AdButler customer on client lists,
marketing materials and/or press releases. If you wish to be excluded from this program, do so by emailing:
"marketing AT adbutler.com".
Security
AdButler uses Transport Layer Security (TLS) encryption, more commonly known as HTTPS, for all of the data that
we send and receive. This ensures that all user data in transit is both safe and secure, and additionally only
available to the intended recipients. This ensures that online transactions and the transmission of personal
information such as credit card details are safe from third-party interception.
Cookies
To better serve you, we use "cookies" to reduce the time required to login. A cookie is a small amount of
information sent from a Web server to your computer. We use cookies to retrieve certain information you
previously provided to AdButler, so that you do not need to reenter this information every time you login into
the members area. Additionaly we use cookies to prevent multiple votes on our Web Poll and Survey services.
Cookies are not used to access information entered on the secure server; this information can only be accessed
when you enter your name and password. No other company has access to our cookies. We do not use the cookie to
track your Internet activity once you leave AdButler.
We collect and process a variety of non-personally identifying information in order to prevent fraud and support
and maintain a higher quality browsing experience for all users. We do not track individual users.
AdButler Frequency Capping Cookie
Data Collected:
A non-personal ID that links to the zone and/or advertisement (not the individual)
A timestamp
Purpose of Cookie:
Ensure that a user does not see the advertisement repeatedly
Duration of Data Stored:
The duration for this cookie is set by the administrator within the AdButler interface each time it is used
Extent of Data Processing:
The data this cookie collects is not shared with any third parties and is used exclusively by AdButler for the reason mentioned above.
This information cannot be used to uniquely identify an individual.
AdButler Conversion Tracking Cookie
Data Collected:
A non-personal ID that links to the zone and/or advertisement (not the individual)
Purpose of Cookie:
Allow attribution of an advertisement to a desired goal. This does not track an individual, only the source advertisement
Duration of Data Stored:
This cookie expires within 180 days
Extent of Data Processing:
The data this cookie collects is not shared with any third parties and is used exclusively by AdButler for the purpose mentioned above.
This information cannot be used to uniquely identify an individual.
These advertising cookies are intended to improve the browsing experience by reducing the number of repeating ads you see. The advertising cookies also
allow an advertiser to attribute the viewing of an ad to an action on the destination website. This is attribution is not tied to an individual, and there is
no tracking of an individual involved.
To clear your cookies:
Open your browser settings or preferences (depending on your browser)
Search for Cookies
Select Clear browsing data
Select Cookies and other site data or Clear Data (depending on your browser)
Confirm the clearing of the cookie data
A small portion of the ads served on mobile apps through AdButler incorporate personalization by select partners. This personalization is meant to provide ads more
relevant to your interests. If you prefer not to have personalized ads in mobile app advertisements, you can reset your advertiser ID on your mobile device,
however this may result in advertisements less suited to your interests.
To reset your advertising ID on an Android device:
Open your device settings
Select/tap Google settings
Select/tap Ads
Select/tap Reset advertising ID
Confirm that you want to reset your advertising ID
To reset your advertising ID on an iOS device:
Open your device settings
Select/tap Privacy
Select/tap Advertising
Select/tap Reset advertising identifier
Confirm that you want to reset your advertising ID
Your choice/opt out
AdButler provides you with the opportunity to remove your personal information from our database and opt out of
receiving communications from us at any time. Login to the members section and delete any products that you have
signed for (See FAQ for more information).
If you would like to opt out of all AdButler cookies, you can do so here.
AdButler provides you with the opportunity to update or change any information you previously provided. Please
login to the members area and make your changes (See FAQ for more information).
Your consent
By using our Web site, you consent to AdButler collecting and using this information as outlined here. If we ever
change our privacy policy, we will post any changes on this page so you are always aware of the information we
collect, how we use it and under what circumstances we disclose it.
Bot/Data Collection
AdButler and its affiliates will never affix any spybot or data collection software to any of its products.
Your comments/how to reach us
If you have questions or comments about AdButler's privacy policy, please feel free to contact us.
×
CLOSE
Cookie Details
AdButler has always embraced “Privacy by Design”, and because of this, we have a very small footprint on
your users’ browsers. For more information please view
our privacy policy.
Necessary
Analytics
Marketing
Neccessary
Analytics
Marketing
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They
are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting
your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about
these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally
identifiable information.
Name
Duration
Usage Reason
sparkKey
1 year
User login functionality, only set if you login.
intercom-id-upkmnlnr
10 months
This Intercom cookie distinguishes site users to allow us to offer customer support to our visitors.
adbutlerCookieSettings
1 year
Used to store you cookie preferences that you choose here.
These cookies collect information that is used either in aggregate form to help us understand how
our websites are being used or to help us customize our websites and applications for you in order
to enhance your experience.
Name
Duration
Usage Reason
_ga
2 years
Used to distinguish users and sessions for Google Analytics.
_gat
10 minutes
Used to throttle request rate for Google Analytics.
_gid
1 day
Stores the traffic source or campaign that explains how a user reached our website for Google Analytics.
_gali
3 days
Used by Google Analytics to determine which links on a page that are being clicked.
These cookies collect information that is used either in aggregate form to help us understand how
effective our marketing campaigns are.
Name
Duration
Usage Reason
_gcl_au, IDE
3 months
Used by Google AdSense for experimenting with advertisement efficiency across websites using their services.
G2 Crowd
13 months
Read more and opt-out here https://www.g2.com/static/cookie_policy
Accept Cookies