http://www.osforge.com/privacy.php
Articles
Articles by Author
Learning Corner
Linux FAQ
Gallery
Directory
Discussion Forums
Root
Contribute News
Learning Corner
Linux Distributions
Linux Common FAQ's
Discussion Forums
Community Gallery
Links Directory
Search OSForge
Networking
Industry Updates
Linux & Open Source
Opinions
Press Release
Programming
Security
Web Development
White Paper
Likewise Names Leading Open Source Voice as CTO
Launched: Zarafa Collaboration Platform 7.0 and Zarafa Archiver
Zarafa Shows User Driven Innovation at Fifth SummerCamp Anniversary
Userful Corporation Named to Everything Channel’s CRN Virtualization 100 List
Zarafa Joins Microsoft with Advanced Outlook 2010 Compatibility
Zarafa and Mandriva Partner to Deliver Integrated Enterprise Solutions
CustomTech Teams with European Exchange Alternative “Zarafa”
Likewise Cross-Platform Integration Software Hits 100,000 Users
Privacy Policy
The following policy outlines the types of information that we gather about you
and the way that way we use and don't use this information.
The information that we
collect about our visitors falls into three general categories:
1. Information You Provide
to Us. We may collect and store information, personal or otherwise, that you
voluntarily supply to us either on the osforge.com site, via e-mail, or in any
other way. Some examples of this type of information include the information you
submit (such as your name or e-mail address) when you register for surveys,
sweepstakes or contests, information that you post on message boards, and
information contained in search requests or questions you submit to the site. If
you decline to supply or provide us with certain information, we may not be able
to provide you with some services that are dependent on the collection of this
information.
2. Information that is
Automatically Collected. We also collect and store information that is
generated automatically as you navigate through the osforge.com site. For
example, to enhance your experience at osforge.com, we use a standard feature
found in browser software called a "cookie." Cookies are small files that your
web browser places on your hard drive for record-keeping purposes. By showing
how and when visitors use our site, cookies help us track user trends and
patterns. They also prevent you from having to re-enter your preferences on
certain areas of our site where you have entered preference information before.
Another example of information that we automatically collect as you navigate our
site is information about your computer's connection to the Internet. This
information allows us, among other things, to improve the delivery of our web
pages to you and to measure traffic on our site.
3. Information from Other
Sources. osforge.com may also obtain information about you from third
parties or other sources and may combine the information that we receive from
them with information we have already obtained about you.
osforge.com includes links
to other websites, and provides access to products and services offered by third
parties, whose privacy policies we do not control. When you access another
website or purchase products or services or conduct other transactions through
the Service, use of any information you provide is governed by the privacy
policy of the operator of the site you are visiting or the provider of such
products or services.
Please also note that as our
business grows, we may buy or sell various assets. In the unlikely event that
osforge.com, the bulk of our assets, or our site is acquired by another
company, information on our visitors would be among the transferred assets.
Questions on Privacy
If you have questions or
concerns about the children's privacy statement, the privacy practices of the
osforge.com site, or your dealings with osforge.com, please
contact us.
About |
Term of Use |
Privacy |
Adras |
Tell a Friend |
Advertise
OSForge News RSS Feed