http://www.maximized.com/privacy.htm
Products
Download
Sales
Support
Search
Resellers
Product Info
Commercial Products
Shareware
Freeware
Reseller Info
MaxPartner Program
Get It!
Download
Sales Info
Support
Tech Notes
Online Wizard
Documentation
Support Form
Email
Privacy Policy
We at Maximized Software are aware of the concern of Internet users regarding the widespread distribution of their personal information, and we take measures to protect our customers' and visitors' privacy. The information submitted, whether it is a purchase, a download of a demo product, or simply joining our mailing list, remains confidential and is for our records only.
We keep this information so that we can notify users of product upgrades, announcements, and new releases.
If a customer/user does not wish to receive this information, they need only check the appropriate box on our form(s), and will not be included in any future mailings.
Also, anyone can manually request to be removed from our mailing lists at any point simply by sending email to us.
Information Sharing and Disclosure
Maximized Software does not rent, sell, or share personal information about users with other people or third party companies except under the following circumstances:
We respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims.
There may be instances where, at our sole discretion, we believe it becomes necessary to share information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of Maximized Software's EULA (End User License Agreement), or as otherwise required by law.
In the event one of our products or services is sold in entirety to a third party, all information regarding users (i.e., registered customers, download / demo users, mailing list users, etc.) may also be transferred to the new owners, for purposes of continued product support and upgrade notification.
In such an event, all users will be notified and have the opportunity to be removed from the list either by Maximized Software prior to information transfer or by the third party after the transfer.
In the event Maximized Software is acquired by or merged with another company, all collected user data may also be transferred. However, Maximized Software will notify you before information about you is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy, or the acquiring company will notify you after the transfer.
In either case, you will have the option of removing yourself from the customer list.
Information Security
In order to further protect customer information, certain forms on our web site are run on a secure server, utilizing encryption technology to safeguard all transactions (credit card/online purchases) from unauthorized viewing.
We use standard SSL encryption, with a certificate from VeriSign.
These measures, along with our belief that it is up to the individual to determine who receives and what may be done with their personal information, insure that any information submitted on our site will be kept confidential. We reserve the right to change or amend this policy at any time. If you have any questions or concerns regarding this matter, or would like to be notified of privacy policy changes, please contact us.
Last Updated: May 9,2002
Home •
Products •
Downloads •
Sales •
Support •
Search •
Contact •
Privacy Policy •
Site Map
Questions? Contact info@maximized.com
Copyright © 1995-2010 Maximized Software. All rights reserved.