http://www.driverstock.com/privacypolicy/index.html
Largest collection of free drivers
All category
BIOS Update
Camcorder
CD/DVD/Combo/RW
Keyboard
Mobile Phones and GPS
Modem
Monitor
Motherboard
Mouse and TrackBall
Network
Notebook
Other
PC Camera
PDA
Printer
Projector
Scanner
Sound Card
Storage SCSI RAID
TV and FM Tuner
Video Card
Home
SiteMap
Contact us
Main page
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Driverstock is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We will not sell, share, or rent this information
to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement. Driverstock collects information from our users at
several different points on our website.
Your IP address is used only when you become a member as a backup identification tool for polls and other member services
or as identification tool when you post messages in our forums.
Our site may use cookies to make sure you don't see the same ad repeatedly. We may also use cookies to deliver content
specific to your interests, and the content contained is not distributed to third parties.
This site contains links to other sites. Driverstock is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Our online surveys may ask visitors for contact information (like their e-mail address) and demographic information
(like their zip code, age, or income level). The customer's contact information is only used to contact the visitor
when necessary. We do not share this information with third parties.
We may use an outside ad company to display ads on our site. These ads may contain cookies. While we use cookies in other
parts of our Web site, cookies received with banner ads are collected by our ad company, and we do not have access to this
information.
COMMUNICATION
Registered users should not expect any unsolicited or promotional email from Driverstock.
PUBLIC FORUMS
Our site makes forums and message boards, available free to users. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in
these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information.
CHILDREN'S GUIDELINES
This site gives children under the age of 18 the ability to publicly post or distribute personally identifiable contact
information without prior parental consent. Please take proper measures if you do not wish your child to have access to
public forums and message boards. As always, exercise caution when deciding to disclose personal information in a public
forum.
LOG FILES
We use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track user's movement, and gather broad demographic information
for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
SECURITY
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control.
Our servers have strict security in place to prevent an intruder from retrieving personal information about our users.
COMMENTS
Driverstock makes use of message boards (known as Comments), available free to users. Please remember that any information
that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your
personal information.
Term of use :: Privacy Policy
© 2005-2015 Copyright DriverStock.com All right reserved