http://www.voicetechnologies.co.uk/privacy
Keeping you updated – Voice Technologies is operating as usual. Click here for more information
This site uses cookies to offer you a better browsing experience. Read our privacy policy for information about what we do with data and how to manage cookies.
Accept and close
Download the file
Voice Technologies sends offers, news and product and service updates by email to its customers and to people who opt in to our mailing list by giving us their email address. We treat everyone’s details with the utmost care and never share them with other companies for marketing or any other purposes. You can ask us to update your preferences or remove your details at any time. For more information see our Privacy Policy.
Yes please, email me news and offers.
No thanks, I don't want to receive emails about news and offers.
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy applies to Voice Technologies Limited – Registered Company number SC066712 with its registered office at 10 Shuttle Street, Paisley, PA1 1YD. At Voice Technologies, we are committed to maintaining the trust and confidence of our customers. We want you to know that we do not sell information to other companies and businesses for marketing purposes. In this privacy policy, we detail information that we collect, how we use it, limited conditions under which we may disclose it and how we keep it secure.
Website cookies
Our websites use cookies to collect information. This includes information about browsing behaviour by people who access our websites. This includes information about pages viewed, and the customer journey around our website. Individuals can choose not to accept cookies (via web browser).If you’d like to know more about cookies you can visit http://ec.europa.eu/ipg/basics...
Google analytics
Google analytics helps us understand how the site is being used in order to improve the user experience. User data is all anonymous. You can find out more about Google’s position on privacy as regards its analytics service at http://www.google.co.uk/intl/e... analytics/privacyoverview.html
Mailing lists
As part of the registration process for Voice, our e-newsletter, we collect personal information. We use that information for a couple of reasons: to tell you about stuff you’ve asked us to tell you about; to contact you if we need to obtain or provide additional information; to check our records are right and to check every now and then that you’re happy and satisfied. We don't rent or trade email lists with other organisations and businesses.
We use a third-party provider, MailChimp, to deliver our newsletter. We gather statistics around email opening and clicks using industry standard technologies to help us monitor and improve our e-newsletter. For more information, please see https://mailchimp.com/legal/pr...
Data that we store and why
We may process your personal data for the purposes necessary for the performance of our contract with you or your employer and to comply with our legal obligations.
Legal basis that we process data
Informational data (Consent) – Marketing materials, Our Voice e-newsletter, promotion of case studies and new developments will be carried out to a defined list of Users that have confirmed via an “opt in” registration process.Provision of products and services (Contract) – As part of our services to our customers, we will hold information to be able to support and maintenance existing hardware and software deployments for the duration of the contract.Accountancy Data (Legal Obligation) – To meet legal requirements, we hold information within our accountancy system (SAGE).We may use your personal data to:
Provide information to you that you have requested from us.Provide information to you relating to products that may be of interest to you.Provide support services to you for systems that we have provided.Keep you informed of news updates and future developments.Carry out our obligations arising from any agreements entered between you OR your employer.In some circumstances, we may anonymise or pseudonymise the personal data so that it can no longer be associated with you, in which case we may use it without further notice to you.
When you place an order with Voice Technologies Ltd, you will be registered as a customer within our Accounting system (SAGE). Information stored securely will include name, address data, email and contact numbers. Our administrative staff may use these contact details to process orders and invoicing.
Account details from SAGE are shared with our Accountants - http://johnmtaylor.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Paper copies of orders and invoices are securely stored in a keycode access office. Paper copies are destroyed securely after a 7-year period. We use Shred-It (https://www.shredit.co.uk) for secure paper disposal and have a receipt for each secure pickup.
When you place a support call with Voice Technologies you will be registered against an existing customer account in our CRM system (Sugar CRM). This support ticket may contain name, address data, email and contact numbers.
Support calls can be raised via email. Email content received from our customers and sent to our customers will be stored securely within Microsoft Exchange on Office 365.
Electronic data retention
We will hold your data for the duration of our relationship with you (contracted term) plus an additional 2 years. You will have the opportunity to opt out or update or delete data at any point should you need to do so.
Data storage is on servers that are within UK/EEA and no data is stored out with this region.
Automated decision making including profiling
We do not perform automated decision making or profiling.
Data sharing
As a partner of technology suppliers, we will provide name and address details against license purchases and maintenance renewals annually for products that we resell. Technology suppliers include:
NuanceOlympusORdigiNALSpeech Processing Solutions WinScribe Access to your personal information
You are entitled to view, amend, or delete the personal information that we hold. Email your request to our data protection officer at enquires@voicetechnologies.co.uk
You have the right to complain to the Information Commissioners Office (ICO) if you think that there is a problem with the way that Voice Technologies is handling your data.
Under certain circumstances, by law you have the right to:
Request access to your personal data. This enables you to receive details of the personal data we hold about you and to check that we are processing it lawfully.Request correction of the personal data that we hold about you.Request erasure of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal data where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal data where you have exercised your right to object to processing (see below).Object to processing of your personal data where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this basis. You also have the right to object where we are processing your personal information for direct marketing purposes.Request the restriction of processing of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of personal data about you, for example if you want us to establish its accuracy or the reason for processing it.Request the transfer of your personal data to you or another data controller if the processing is based upon the performance of a contract or on consent, carried out by automated means and this is technically feasible.Changes to this Privacy Notice
Our privacy notice will be reviewed every six months or updated if legislative changes are put in place.