http://www.amicutilities.com/privacy_guard/index_v_deletecookies.html
Français
English
Description
Download Free Trial
Order Full Version
ScreenShots
Technical Support
Contact Us
59.95 USD (39.95EU)
Delivery: - Download
- CD-Rom
Delete cookies
Privacy Guard is the world most popular software tool designed to delete cookies beyond recovery, using the latest available D.O.D Technology, that overwrites the erased cookies with special data making it imposibble to recover.
Click Here to Download Privacy Guard!1.7 Mb ( Download time: 3 minutes )
Did you know?
Is a known fact that by using the computer, your activities are recorded by web browsers and other tools. Important information about the sites you visit, usernames and passwords, cookies, and other is saved.
Can I delete cookies manually?
Yes, cookies can be easily deleted manualy but we do not recommend it. We all know that when a file is deleted, Windows only removes the file entry in the FAT or NTFS table, and all file content is left there. Deleting cookies by using your Browser feature will leave the content of files there on your hard drive, any user can undelete them with an undelete tool. If you want to take your computer to a repair shop, and want to make sure that noone will be able to recover the files you deleted you need a tool such as Privacy Guards that not only removes the file entry but also erases the content of files by overwriting data.
Methods to delete cookies forever
There are several good tools out there that can delete cookies and history beyond recouvery. Also there are some tools that pretend to do so but in fact they only delete cookies like Windows, by removing the entry point to the file. Privacy Guard is one of the best tool available, it delete cookies by overwriting the files several times with special chosen data making them impossible to recouver! It can also delete history and other unwanted files on your hard drive.
Download
You can download the Free Fully Functional Trial Version of Privacy Guard v5.0 ( 1.5 Mb ) from its homepage: Privacy Guard, is one of the best tools to delete beyond recovery any unwanted files on your hard drive.
Home | Newsletter | Check other software | Contact Us | Privacy Statement | Links
Copyright © 2000-2009 Amic Utilities. All rights reserved. Last update: January 3rd, 2009
Visit The Azoos Search Engine