http://www.pslover.com/privacy-policy
Tutorials
Submit Tutorials
Advertise
Contact
Punto.com.au
Register
Latest Tutorials
Basics
Color
Designing
Drawing
Photo Effects
Photo Retouch
Special Effects
Text Effects
Textures
Web Graphics
Others
Privacy Policy
Information that is gathered from visitors
In common with other websites, log files are stored on the web server saving
details such as the visitor's IP address, browser type, referring page and time
of visit.
Cookies may be used to remember visitor preferences when interacting with the
website.
Where registration is required, the visitor's email and a username will be
stored on the server.
How the Information is used
The information is used to enhance the vistor's experience when using the
website to display personalised content and possibly advertising.
E-mail addresses will not be sold, rented or leased to 3rd parties.
E-mail may be sent to inform you of news of our services or offers by us or
our affiliates.
Visitor Options
If you have subscribed to one of our services, you may unsubscribe by
following the instructions which are included in e-mail that you receive.
You may be able to block cookies via your browser settings but this may
prevent you from access to certain features of the website.
Notice as to the nature and scope of the collection and use of information gathered by you and any of your business partners, including third party ad networks on any of your web sites; and Choice to an Internet user of any of your web sites to opt-out from such information collection and use, including a clear link to the NAI's opt-out page at http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp
Cookies
Cookies are small digital signature files that are stored by your web browser
that allow your preferences to be recorded when visiting the website. Also they
may be used to track your return visits to the website.
3rd party advertising companies may also use cookies for tracking
purposes.
Google Ads
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads.
Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to visitors based on
their visit to sites they visit on the Internet.
Website visitors may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the
Google ad and content network privacy policy.
Third-Party Ad Serving
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit this Web site.
These companies may use information (not including your name, address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.
If you would like more information about this practice and to know you choices about not having this information used by these companies, please
click here http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp.
Search Photoshop Tutorials
Photoshop Tutorials
Basics
Color
Designing
Drawing
Photo Effects
Photo Retouch
Special Effects
Text Effects
Textures
Web Graphics
Others
Site Info
Photoshop Tutorials
Search
Advertise
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Contact
Copyright © 2002-2020, pslover.com & Aplusmedia Internet. All Rights Reserved.
All tutorials (unless otherwise stated) are the property of their respective owners. You may not re-distribute, reproduce any portion of this website and or it's contents without the prior express written consent of pslover.com