http://www.epic.org/privacy/bach/
United States v. Bach
"Communication in cyberspace must be protected to the same extent as
is more traditional communication if our advancing communication technology
is to achieve its full potential without the sacrifice of any of the free
speech or privacy that we enjoy today."
Case
History | EPIC's Role | Legal Materials | Other Materials
Circuit Court Approves Faxed
Warrants. The Eighth
Circuit ruled (PDF)
today that service of a warrant on an ISP by fax complies with the "reasonableness"
requirements of the Fourth Amendment. EPIC filed an amicus
brief (PDF) in the case, arguing that police officer presence is required
during the service of a warrant under such circumstances. EPIC argues that
the service of a search warrant by fax machine doesn't adequately safeguard
Fourth Amendment guarantee of a "reasonable" search, because U.S.
search and seizure law has mandated officer presence at the service of a warrant
since the 1700s. (Nov. 18)
Case History The Pew Internet and American Life
Project has published a report
indicating that roughly 111 million Americans have gone online. The report
provided evidence that Americans are living significant portions of their
lives online, stating 23% of people with internet access have banked online
and 61% have looked for health or medical information. While new digital forms
of communication now offer a broad range of conveniences, they have also yielded
new opportunities for abuse - both by private citizens and by law enforcement. In October of 2000, police officers in Minnesota began investigating Dale
Robert Bach for potential child pornography crimes. As part of the investigation,
an officer obtained a search warrant to be served upon Yahoo, an internet
service provider (ISP) in California. Minnesota requires that an officer be
present at the service of a search warrant. Rather than adhering to the requirements
provided by Minnesota law, the officer investigating Mr. Bach served the search
warrant to Yahoo by fax. Upon receiving the fax, Yahoo employees retrieved
all data from Mr. Bach's account, including deleted email messages. Yahoo
then mailed the disk to Minnesota, where the data became evidence in Bach's
federal criminal prosecution. At trial, Bach moved to have the evidence suppressed, citing both violations
of  the Minnesota statute, as well as violations of a federal statute.
The district court held that the evidence should be suppressed as the search
was illegal under both federal and state laws. The government appealed to
the circuit court. On October 10, 2002, the Eighth Circuit held oral arguments in United States
v. Bach, the first Circuit case examining how a case examining how the Fourth
Amendment protects stored e-mail and other files held by Internet Service
Providers (ISPs). The district court suppressed the evidence, stating that
the law enforcement practice of faxing search warrants for the contents of
e-mails to ISPs violated the Constitution because the Fourth Amendment required
the government to be physically present to execute the warrant. The government
appealed to the circuit court. At oral argument, the government's attorney
urged the court to resolve the question on narrow reasonableness grounds,
without addressing the broader issue of whether an Internet user has an expectation
of privacy in remotely stored files held by an ISP.
The Eighth Circuit ruled that service of a warrant on an ISP by fax complies
with the "reasonableness" requirements of the Fourth Amendment.
The court resolved the case on the narrow ground that the government's actions
were "reasonable," without deciding the broader issue of whether
an Internet user has a Fourth Amendment expectation of privacy in their e-mail.
In January 2003, the Circuit judges narrowly rejected the defendant's petition
for reconsideration, voting 5 to 4 against the motion.
EPIC's Role EPIC filed an amicus brief (PDF) in the Eighth Circuit arguing
that police officer presence is required during the service of a warrant on
an ISP. EPIC argued that the service of a search warrant by fax machine doesn't
adequately safeguard Fourth Amendment guarantee of a "reasonable" search.
EPIC's brief detailed the history of U.S. search and seizure law, which has
mandated officer presence at the service of a warrant since the 1700s.
After the court released its November ruling
, EPIC filed a response
(PDF) to a petition for reconsideration, urging the Circuit to reconsider
its holding that service of a warrant on an ISP by fax complies with the"reasonableness"
requirements of the Fourth Amendment. EPIC's response argued that the November
opinion didn't adequately consider the distinction between service of a warrant
and execution of a warrant. Legal Materials
Appellant's Brief
(PDF) Appellee's Brief (PDF) Brief (PDF) of Amicus Curiae
Johnathn Band, Lois Perrin, in support of Appellant Brief (PDF) of Amicus Curiae
Orin Kerr, in support of petitioner EPIC's Amicus Brief (PDF) Reply brief (PDF)
of Appellant Ruling (PDF) from the Eighth Circut
Court of Appeals,
Other Materials
Yahoo's privacy policy Yahoo's terms of service
EPIC Privacy Page
| EPIC Home Page Last Updated:
January 8, 2003
Page URL: http://www.epic.org/privacy/bach/default.html