http://www.changesciences.com/privacy.html
Services
Method
Reports
Clients
Schedule a Call
# Privacy # WEB SITE ADMINISTRATION Change Sciences Group, Inc.
1185 6th Ave
New York, NY 10036 # INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE We respect each site visitor's right to personal privacy. To that end, we collect and use information throughout our web site only as disclosed in this Privacy Policy. This statement applies solely to information collected on this web site. Change Sciences Group, Inc. collects personally identifiable information from our users at several different points on our Web site. Change Sciences Group, Inc. is the sole owner of the information collected on changesciences.com. # Membership In order to download certain materials, site visitors may be required to complete a registration form. During registration you are required to give contact information (such as name and email address). We use this information to keep you informed via email of user experience trends and to alert you when we release new research that is in your industry. You can opt out of email communication from us at any time by clicking on a link at the bottom of the email we send. We will not share or sell your name, email address, company, or phone number with any other party. Once you have completed our registration form, we send you an email at the email address you provided on the membership registration form. The email contains a link that validates that you have received the email. When you click on this link you are immediately taken to the document you requested. We send this email to verify that your email address is valid and to ensure that you indeed are able to receive email at this address. This also helps to protect your email address from unauthorized use on our site. The system that manages your membership information uses cookies to identify the computer you used to access our system. Cookies are text files placed on your computer. The membership cookie contains no personal information. This cookie persists until you log out of our system to save you the trouble of logging back in each time you visit the site. If you set your browser to reject cookies you will be able to use our site, but you will not be able to become a member or order materials through the site. Membership information you provide is transmitted via secure socket layer encryption or SSL. # Orders If you purchase a product or service from us, we request certain personally identifiable information from you on our order form. You must provide contact information (such as name and email) and financial information (such as credit card number and expiration date). We use this information for billing purposes and to fill your orders. If we have trouble processing an order, we will use this information to contact you. Your credit card number and expiration date are not stored in our database and are sent to a third party payment gateway for processing via SSL encryption. All order and payment information you provide is transmitted via SSL encryption. When you download a document (a report you purchase, an industry fact sheet, etc.) subjects associated with the documents are associated with your username and are saved in our database. We use this information to help ensure that the communications we send to you are relevant to your interests. # Site Use Analysis This web site uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses cookies. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the web site (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the web site, compiling reports on web site activity for web site operators and providing other services relating to web site activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser. By using this web site, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above. # COMMUNICATIONS FROM THE SITE # Alerts and Updates We will occasionally send you information about online user experience trends and alert you when we release new research in areas in which you have shown interest. Out of respect for your privacy, we present the option to not receive these communications at the bottom each email message. # Customer Service Based upon the personally identifiable information you provide us, we will send you a welcoming email to verify your username and password. We will also communicate with you in response to your inquiries, to provide the services you request, and to manage your account. We will communicate with you by email or telephone, in accordance with your wishes. # Profile We store information that we collect through cookies, log files, to create a “profile” of your preferences. We tie your personally identifiable information, or your purchasing history, to information in the profile, in order to provide tailored promotions and marketing offers and to improve the content of the site for you. We do not share your profile information with third parties, except as noted in Site Use Analysis. # Credit Checks In order to provide certain services to you, we may on occasion perform a check through a third party source to verify the creditworthiness of your company. Under no circumstances will your personal information be used in verifying the credit of your company. # INFORMATION SHARING AND DISCLOSURE # Aggregate Information (Non-Personally Identifiable) We do not share aggregated demographic information about our user base with our partners, except as noted in Site Use Analysis. # Personally Identifiable Information We do not share personally identifiable information with third parties, except as noted in Site Use Analysis. # Agents We may use an outside shipping company to fulfill orders or communicate with you and a credit card processing company to bill you for goods and services. These companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any other purpose. # LEGAL DISCLAIMER We reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our web site. # CHOICE/OPT-OUT We provide you the opportunity to ‘opt-out’ of having your personally identifiable information used to communicate with you. We give you this opportunity at the bottom of email we send to alert you to new products and/or services, and to keep you informed of trends. If at any time you ask us not to contact you by telephone we will honor that request. # Access to Your Personally Identifiable Information If your personally identifiable information changes, or if you no longer desire our service, you may ask us to correct, update, or delete your information by contacting us by postal mail, email or phone. # SECURITY We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. # BUSINESS TRANSITIONS In the event Change Sciences Group, Inc. goes through a business transition, such as a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, your personally identifiable information will likely be among the assets transferred. You will be notified via email of any such change in ownership or control of your personal information. # NOTIFICATION OF CHANGES If we change our privacy policy, we will post these changes to this privacy statement.