http://www.fujitsu.com/us/about/resources/privacy/fcpa-privacy.html
GTM-WDZTTQ6
GTM-T9K8SVH
Home
Home & Small Business Scanners
Business & Enterprise Scanners
Support
Ways to Buy
Scanner Parts & Consumables
Privacy Policy
Last Updated: December 30, 2019.
Introduction
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what data we collect, why we collect it, and what we do with it. These privacy practices apply to the website located at the www.fujitsuscannerstore.com or other related pages (collectively, the “Site”) that you were viewing when you clicked through to this policy, which is operated by Fujitsu Computer Products of America, Inc. (“FCPA” or “We”) . We encourage you to read this Privacy Policy carefully and take the time to get to know our practices.
Personal Information FCPA Collects from You.
FCPA collects personally identifiable information (Personal Information) to provide a more efficient service to all our users.
We collect following Personal Information in the following ways:
Information you give us. When you interact with our Site by creating an account, making a purchase or subscribing to an email list, we collect your first and last name, company name, email address, postal address, phone number, payment information, IP address, and geo location. We also collect passwords, password hints, and similar security information used for authentication and account access. We also collect commercial information such as transaction information and purchase history.
When you purchase our product on our Site, you may be required to enter your credit card information. Your credit card information shall be transmitted to a third party transaction service, and FCPA will NOT collect and retain your credit card information.
How you and your device interact with FCPA and our services. When you use our product or service, we may collect;
Product use data. We collect data about the features you use, the items you purchase, and the web pages you visit.
Device data. We collect data about your device and the network you use to connect to our products. It includes data about the operating systems and other software that may be installed on your device. It may include IP address, device identifiers (such as the IMEI number for phones), regional and language settings.
Error reports and performance data. We collect data regarding the performance of the products and any problems you experience with them. This data helps to diagnose problems in the services you use, and to improve our service and provide solutions. Depending on your service and settings, error reports can include data such as the type or severity of the problem, details of the software or hardware related to an error, contents of files you were using when an error occurred, and data about other software on your device.
Support Data. When you engage FCPA for support, we collect data about you and your hardware, software, and other details related to the support incident. Such data includes contact or authentication data, the content of your chats and other communications with FCPA support.
We have collected above Personal Information within the preceding 12 months
The Purpose for which Personal Information is Collected
FCPA collects and uses Personal Information for two basic purposes, to accomplish our business purpose described in more detail below: (1) to operate, manage, and maintain our business to provide (including improving and personalizing) the services and products we offer, (2) to send communications, including promotional communications.
To respond to requests and inquiries. We may collect name, email address, postal address, phone number, company name, position, purchase details, and inquiry details, to respond to requests for sales or product information, support or contact inquiries, event or training registration, downloads, warranties, e-commerce transactions, newsletters, surveys or contests. We also use data to diagnose service problems, troubleshoot issues, and provide other customer care and support services. We use Personal Information collected to continually improve our services and products, including adding new features or capabilities, such as using error reports to improve security features and determining what new features to prioritize. Personal Information is also used to develop aggregate analysis and business intelligence that enable us to operate, protect, make informed decisions, and report on the performance of our business.
As part of the communication connection itself.We may collect any information your browser provides such as network routing (IP address, referring URL, domain names, landing page, forward proxy), browser type and locale, web statistics (pages viewed, order, date, time) and a query to see if there are "cookies" previously set by the Site. This is for website statistical analysis, user verification, to facilitate log in, maintain an external application session, or other site navigation procedures. We may use hosted 3rd party web analytical services to track and report on visitor behavior on our websites. These services may set a small piece of tracking code that uses FCPA domains’ information stored in cookies on storage area in the visitor’s device. A cookie is a small piece of information sent by a Web server to store on a Web browser so it can later be read back from that browser. While we don't offer an opt-out on the site for cookies, browsers may provide you with optional control over cookies.
To engage in transactions or communications. Name, email address, postal address, phone number, company name, position, purchase details, and password (if you register your account on our Site) may be collected and stored as part of the transaction history. We may need to share some of this Persona Information with our affiliates, third party service providers such as delivery services, and other third parties that are required to accomplish the transaction. We also use Personal Information we collect to deliver and personalize our communications with you. For example, we may contact you by email or other means to inform you when a service contact will expire, let you know when security updates are available, remind you about items left in your online shopping cart, update you or inquire about a service or repair request, invite you to participate in a survey, or tell you that you need to take action to keep your account active. Each emailed marketing communication will include the option to opt out of receiving certain communications. Affiliates and third party service providers are only allowed to use Personal Information provided for to accomplish the transaction and not for other purposes.
To select content and tailor marketing to user needs.Personal Information collected from site navigation, log files, and forms may be used to display web site content and navigation that is most relevant. Personal Information from purchases, registration and inquiries may be used to provide you with notices of product releases and service developments that address your needs and requirements. Marketing notices are subject to the general opt-out elections.
To provide information on educational events or relevant programs.We occasionally co-sponsor events with alliance partners that provide services of potential benefit to FCPA customers. We may provide information on such events and services to users who have indicated interest in the subject matter or service.
To power joint sales or product promotions.FCPA and its alliance partners may engage in joint events or provide bundled products. Such promotions will always reference the channel or alliance partners involved. Examples could include: joint seminars and sales promotions, jointly developed products and joint announcements. FCPA and our alliance partner(s) will have access to that information. We may have no control over privacy practices of alliance partner(s), so we advise you to review the privacy policies of these alliance partners before providing any Personal Information.
To follow up on your registration for or attendance at a FCPA event.Users, who sign up for an event or training session may be contacted to see if any follow up is appropriate. This is in addition to any contact that may be required to confirm payment or provide logistical information and updates related to the conference or training session. Please consult the supplemental privacy statement on the specific conference site for more information.
To address performance and repair issues.On occasion we offer patches and other fixes to software, such as security patches addressing newly discovered vulnerabilities, as well as drivers for hardware. Also, should certain issues arise with hardware of our products at such level that would commonly affect large number of users, we may offer availability of replacement parts hardware repairs to fix such issues.
We may communicate the availability of these to registered owners of FCPA products or channel partners.
To offer participation in surveys or contests.We may provide you with the opportunity to participate in contests or surveys on our site. If you decide to participate, we will request Personal Information such as your name, email, shipping address to notify contest winner and award prizes. This Personal Information is also used to send participants an email newsletter with marketing information on new product offerings and services. We may collect additional Personal Information to confirm your eligibility for a prize. We may use a third party service provider to conduct these surveys or contests; that company is prohibited from using our users’ personally identifiable information for any other purpose. We will not share the personally identifiable information that is collected through a survey or contest with other third parties, unless prior notification is given.
To engage third party service providers to perform services.We will put in place reasonable restrictions to maintain proper use of your Personal Information by such providers.
Referral Service.We may provide functionality for you to send, as a one-time email, a page, product information or job opportunity to a friend. We do not retain Personal Information gathered in this transaction.
No Sales of Personal InformationWe have not “sold” any consumers’ Personal Information in the preceding 12 months. For purposes of this Privacy Policy, “sold” or “sale” means the disclosure of Personal Information for monetary or other valuable consideration but does not include, for example, the transfer of Personal Information as an asset that is part of a merger, bankruptcy, or other disposition of all or any portion of our business.
Reasons We Share Personal Data
We may share your personal data among FCPA affiliates or third-party service providers, contractors, consultants, and other trusted third-party service providers; our event co-sponsors and alliance partners; third parties to permit them to send you marketing communications on behalf of FCPA, consistent with your choices; and third-party sponsors of contests, surveys or similar promotions, and other businesses to assist us in providing our solutions, services and products to our customers. In such cases, these companies abide by their own respective data privacy and security requirements. We may also disclose personal data as part of a corporate transaction such as a merger or sale of assets.
Compliance; Protection
We will access, transfer, disclose, and preserve Personal Information, including your content when we have a good faith belief that doing so is necessary to:
The categories of Personal Information we collected about you and the categories of sources from which we collected such Personal Information;
The specific pieces of Personal Information we collected about you;
The business or commercial purpose for collecting Personal Information about you;
The categories of Personal Information about you that we otherwise shared or disclosed, and the categories of third parties with whom we shared or to whom we disclosed such Personal Information (if applicable).
(2) Delete Personal Information we collected from you.
To make a request for the disclosures or deletion described above, please inquire to the contact in the section of Contact Information below. We will respond to your request consistent with applicable law.
In this process, you will be asked to disclose your personally identifiable information to authenticate you and avoid false or disguised inquiries
You have the right to be free from unlawful discrimination for exercising your rights under any applicable law.
Accessing and Updating Your Personal Information
Whenever you use our services, we aim to provide you with access to your Personal Information. If that Personal Information is wrong, we will strive to give you ways to update it quickly or to delete it — unless we have to keep that information for legitimate business or legal purposes. When updating your Personal Information, we may ask you to verify your identity before we can act on your request.
We may reject requests that are unreasonably repetitive, require disproportionate technical effort (for example, developing a new system or fundamentally changing an existing practice), risk the privacy of others, or would be extremely impractical (for instance, requests concerning information residing on backup systems).
We aim to maintain our services in a manner that protects information from accidental or malicious destruction. Because of this, after you delete Personal Information from our services, we may not immediately delete residual copies from our active servers and may not remove Personal Information from our backup systems.
You may also set your browser to block all cookies, including cookies associated with our services, or to indicate when a cookie is being set by us.
Security of Personal Data
We are concerned with the security of Personal Information we have collected. We have in place reasonable safeguards to protect your Personal Information against misuse or unauthorized access to the data. This may include firewalls, encryption, passwords and password updates, and limiting access to designated personnel.
Policy Update
We revise this privacy policy from time to time. We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time, so please review it frequently. If we make material changes to this policy, we will update the policy and put a clear and conspicuous notice on our home page.
Date Created: 12 26, 2019
Last Updated: December 30 2019.
Contact Information
To make any request, please contact us by e-mail at fcpaprivacy@us.fujitsu.com, or by mail to Fujitsu Computer Products of America, Legal, 1250 E. Arques Avenue, Sunnyvale, CA 94085, or by phone at 1-833-975-1289
Contact Us
About Us
Ways to Buy
Parts & Consumables
Case Studies
Press Releases
Privacy
Environment
Product Registration
Limited Warranty