http://www.homepagesonline.com/privacy.aspx#cookies
Privacy Policy
Last updated 25/05/2015
This website is owned and operated by Homepages Online.
Homepages Online recognises that your privacy is important. This Privacy Policy outlines the types of personal information received and collected by Homepages Online, how we may use it, and some of the steps we take to protect that information. Words and phrases in this Privacy Policy have the same meaning as in the Terms
of Use.
By using this website and passing personal information to us, you consent to the collection and use of this information as described in this Privacy Policy.
What information do we collect?
Homepages Online may collect personal information to enable us to provide you with certain Services. You are under no obligation to provide such information. However, if you withhold requested information, we may not be able to provide you with the Services. Personal information collected on a voluntary basis may include your name, address, email address and telephone number. This information is collected if you request information from us, ask questions, or sign up to our Services.
Like many other websites, this site may automatically collect information about your computer hardware and software. This information may include your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses.
We do not claim ownership of any materials you provide or submissions you make to any Services. Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through our public message boards, this information may be collected and used by others.
We encourage you to review the privacy statements of websites you choose to link to from us so that you can understand how those websites collect, use and share your information. We are not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on websites outside our websites.
We may have relationships with third parties that we allow to place ads and/or other technology on our websites. As a result of your visit to our website, these companies may use cookies and web beacons and may collect information such as your IP address and clickstream information. Homepages Online has no access to or control over these cookies, web beacons or other information.
Use of your personal information
We collect and use your personal information to operate the Homepages Online websites and deliver the Services you have requested. Homepages Online also uses your personally identifiable information to inform you of other services available from Homepages Online, its affiliated companies and necessary sub-licensees. We may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
We do not share, sell, rent, or trade any personal information with any other third parties other than as disclosed within this Privacy Policy.
We will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Homepages Online or the website; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Homepages Online; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Homepages Online, or the public.
Use of cookies
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. More information about cookies, including how to block them and/or delete them, can be found at AboutCookies.org. If you choose to decline cookies you may not be able to fully experience the features of the Services.
Security of your personal information
We have implemented reasonable security measures to protect your personal information both during transmission and once we receive it. We secure the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment. Access is limited to only those who have a legitimate need to know within Homepages Online. Although we use reasonable efforts to safeguard the confidentiality of your personal information, transmissions made by means of the Internet and electronic storage cannot be made absolutely secure. We will not be liable for disclosures of your personal information due to errors in transmission or unauthorised acts of third parties.
Changes to this statement
We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time, but we assure you that we only use your data as described above and for our legitimate business reasons. We encourage you to periodically review this document to be informed of how Homepages Online is safeguarding your information.
Your acceptance of this Privacy Policy
By using this website and our Services and passing personal information to us, you consent to the collection and use of this information in the ways described above.
Data Protection Act
The Data Protection Act 1998 gives you the right to access the personal data we hold about you. We reserve the right to charge a small fee for requesting this information.