http://www.group-office.com/privacy-policy.html
Features
Cases
Roadmap
News
Contact
Partners
Blog
Get it
Shop
Login
Support
Effective date: 8 May 2018
What do we collect?
Intermesh BV may collect the following personal data when using our website or signup for the Group-Office service:
Your first and last name
Your company billing address
Phone number
E-mail address
IP Address
Why do we collect this data?
Intermesh BV may use the personal information collected from the website to:
Provide you with the service.
Process your payments.
Send you information about the service.
Respond to customer support requests
Administer your account
Where do we store your data?
All our services are located in the Netherlands. Your service is immediately delivered in one of our two availability zones in Amsterdam (AMS0) or Delft (RTM0). An availability zone is a separate data centre that has its own power supply (2N) and its own network. Availability zones can operate completely independent of each other. Our two zones (AMS0 and RTM0) are connected by means of an encrypted 200Gb/s backbone connection.
Share
Your privacy is of utmost importance to us. Intermesh BV will never share personal information with third parties unless required by applicable law.
We only need to transfer some personal information to our payment provider when handling online payments.
How long do we keep your data?
Intermesh BV retains Personal Data we process for as long as an account is active or as needed to provide the service(s). If you wish to terminate your account or request that we no longer use your data, please contact us at support@intermesh.nl. We will retain your data as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, maintain accurate financial and other records, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. We delete all your data on the expiry of 14 days after the termination of your account, except as otherwise prohibited by applicable law.
Correction or Removal of Personal Information
If you believe that one of your contacts has provided us with your personal information and you would like to request that it be removed from our database, please contact us at support@intermesh.nl.
Intermesh BV acknowledges that you have the right to access your personal information. Intermesh BV collects information on behalf of our customers, and has no direct relationship with the individuals with whom our customers may interact using the service(s). If you are a customer of one of our customers (“End-Customer”) and would no longer like to be contacted by that customer, please contact the customer that you interact with directly. An individual who seeks access, or who seeks to correct, amend, or delete inaccurate data should direct his query to the Intermesh BV’s customer (the data controller). If requested to remove data, we will respond within a reasonable timeframe.
Automated individual decision-making, including profiling
Intermesh BV does not make decisions based solely on automated processing, including profiling, which produces legal effects concerning him or her or similarly significantly affects him or her.
Data Transfer
Intermesh BV stores and processes data, which might include personal information, in the Netherlands. When you access or use our Websites or the Service(s), or otherwise provide information to us, you are consenting, on behalf of you and your authorized agents or End-Customers, (and representing that you have the authority to provide such consent) to the processing and transfer of information in and to the Netherlands which may have different privacy laws from your or their country of origin. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Policy.
Data Controller and Data Processor
Intermesh BV does not own, control or direct the use of any of the Client Data stored or processed by a Client or User via the Service. Only the Client or Users are entitled to access, retrieve and direct the use of such Client Data. Intermesh BV is unaware of what Client Data is actually being stored or made available by a Client or User to the Service and does not directly access such Client Data except as authorized by the Client, or as necessary to provide Services to the Client and its Users.
Because Intermesh BV does not collect or determine the use of any Personal Data contained in the Client Data and because it does not determine the purposes for which such Personal Data is collected, the means of collecting such Personal Data, or the uses of such Personal Data, Intermesh BV is not acting in the capacity of data controller in terms of the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679, hereinafter “GDPR”)  and does not have the associated responsibilities under the GDPR. Intermesh BV should be considered only as a processor on behalf of its Clients and Users as to any Client Data containing Personal Data that is subject to the requirements of the GDPR. Except as provided in this Privacy Policy, Intermesh BV does not independently cause Client Data containing Personal Data stored in connection with the Services to be transferred or otherwise made available to third parties.
The Client or the User is the data controller under the Regulation for any Client Data containing Personal Data, meaning that such party controls the manner such Personal Data is collected and used as well as the determination of the purposes and means of the processing of such Personal Data.
Intermesh BV is not responsible for the content of the Personal Data contained in the Client Data or other information stored on its servers (or its subcontractors’ servers) at the discretion of the Client or User nor is Intermesh BV responsible for the manner in which the Client or User collects, handles disclosure, distributes or otherwise processes such information.
Log files
Intermesh BV gathers certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, referring/exit pages, operating system, and/or time stamp. We keep log files up to 4 weeks.
Backup
We make daily backups of our data to an offsite location in the Netherlands. We keep backups for 14 days. This has to be taken into account when we process data removal requests.
Analytics
Intermesh BV uses Google analytics for measuring website traffic and behaviour. This means your IP address is shared with Google analytics when you visit our website. We don’t use it for advertising.
Links to Third Party Sites
Our website contain links to other websites that are not owned or controlled by Intermesh BV. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other websites or third parties. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our website and to read the privacy policies of each and every website that collects personal information.
Public Forums
Our website offer publicly accessible blogs or community forums. You should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read, collected, and used by others who access them. To request removal of your personal information from our blog or community forum, contact us at support@intermesh.nl.
Security and protection of Information
The website and service(s) have industry standard security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control. When you provide us with sensitive information (such as credit card information or login credentials), we will encrypt that information via Secure Socket Layer (SSL).
While there is no such thing as “perfect security” on the Internet, we take all reasonable steps to ensure the safety of your personal information. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our websites or via the service(s) and any transmission is at your own risk. Once we receive your personal information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
Additionally, you retain all rights of ownership to your personal data we collect. Except as set forth herein under section “Share” above we will not sell or share your personal data with any third parties or use your personal data to compete with you.
Core Infrastructure Initiative report:
Corrections and Updates
Upon request Intermesh BV will provide you with information about whether we hold, any of your personal information. To request this information please contact us at support@intermesh.nl.
We allow users of the service(s) or website to access, update or modify their information by clicking on the Account link in the navigation menu or by contacting us at support@intermesh.nl. We seek to respond to requests for access or modification as soon as possible and within reasonable timeframe.
Contacting Intermesh BV
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or your dealings with the Intermesh BV, you can contact us by e-mail at support@intermesh.nl.
Back to Top