http://www.openkm.com/en/privacy.html
Privacy
Open Document Management System S.L. ("OpenKM") respects your privacy and is committed to protecting your personal information that you provide to us. This statement explains our policies and practices regarding the use and disclosure of your personal information by OpenKM. Please note that, OpenKM reviews and updates this Privacy Policy from time to time as needed without notice. Therefore, you should review the terms of this policy periodically to make sure that you are aware of how OpenKM collects and uses personal information. By using our web site, you consent to the collection and use of your personal information by OpenKM as explained below.
1. Personal Information.
You have complete control over your personal information. In general, you can visit our web site without providing us with any personal information. However, there are instances where we must have your personal information in order for us to grant you an access to our protected and secured sites. This information may include registration data (your name, address, email address, phone number, title, etc.), information request data and response data ("User Information"). When you receive your confirmation email or when you receive any email from the list server, you will be given instructions on how to remove yourself from the list...
2. Use of User Information.
We intend to use such information for purposes of supporting your and your employer's relationship with OpenKM by designing a web site content that is suitable to your needs and alerting you to new product and service offerings as they become available.
This User Information may be retained by OpenKM to verify compliance with the agreement between OpenKM and your employer, to keep track of the domains from which people visit us, to create a user profile to better serve you and your employer, or to simply contact you either electronically or otherwise.
If you decide that we should not use your personal User Information to contact you, please let us know and we will not use that information for such purpose.
3. Disclosure of User Information.
OpenKM does not sell, trade or transfer User Information to third parties.
4. Accuracy and Security.
The accuracy and security of the User Information is important to OpenKM. Currently, you may review and request updates to your User Information retained by OpenKM. If you contact us to correct your User Information, we will attempt to correct such inaccuracies in a timely manner.
OpenKM is concerned with the security of your User Information and is committed to taking reasonable steps to protect it from unauthorized access and use of that personal information. To that end, we put in place the appropriate physical, electronic and managerial policies and procedures to secure your personal User Information.
5. Usernames and Passwords.
Access to certain content on our web site may be allowed under a written agreement between you or your employer and OpenKM and will require a username and/or password.
In some cases, failure to provide personal information may prevent you from accessing certain OpenKM web site(s) containing certain confidential information, products, services, or promotional offers ("OpenKM Offerings"). By accessing and using our protected and secured web site(s), you agree to maintain the confidentiality of the username and password you selected to access such site(s) and consent to our Terms of Use.
6. External Links.
OpenKM web site provides links to other third party web sites. Even if the third party is affiliated with OpenKM through a business partnership or otherwise, OpenKM is not responsible for the privacy policies or practices or the content of such external links. These links are provided to you for convenience purposes only and you access them at your own risk.
7. Terms of Use.
Please also see our Legal Information, which describes the restrictions, disclaimers, indemnification and limitation of liability governing the use of the entire OpenKM web site.
8. General.
If you have questions regarding our Privacy Statement, please contact us at Contact Form:
CONTACT FORM
Product
Architecture
Features
Comparison of versions
Professional Edition
Cloud
Community Edition
Screenshots
Videos
Solutions
Document management
Records management
Knowledge management
Enterprise content management
Modules
Build your own App
Services
Training
Consulting
Customization
Resources
Knowledge center
Workflow course
Community forum
Blog
Newsletter
Historical newsletter
Bug tracker
Webinars
English webinar
Spanish webinar
Partners
Download
Demo
Company
About us
Contact us