https://www.switchfast.com/privacy-policy
Main: 773.241.3007
Services
Careers
About
Blog & News
Resources
Contact
PRIVACY POLICY STATEMENT
Last updated June 1, 2018
INTRODUCTION
Switchfast Technologies, LLC (“we” or “us” or “our”) respects the privacy of our users (“user” or “you”). This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, disclose, and safeguard your information when you visit our website www.switchfast.com, including any other media form, media channel, mobile website, or mobile application related or connected thereto (collectively, the “Site”). Please read this privacy policy carefully.  If you do not agree to the terms of this privacy policy, please do not access the site.
We reserve the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy at any time and for any reason.  We will alert you to any changes by updating the “Last Updated” date of this Privacy Policy.  Any changes or modifications will be effective immediately upon posting the updated Privacy Policy on the Site, and you waive the right to receive specific notice of each such change or modification.
You are encouraged to periodically review this Privacy Policy to stay informed of updates. You will be deemed to have been made aware of, will be subject to, and will be deemed to have accepted the changes in any revised Privacy Policy by your continued use of the Site after the date such revised Privacy Policy is posted.
COLLECTION OF YOUR INFORMATION
We may collect information about you in a variety of ways. The information we may collect on the Site includes:
Personal Data
Personally identifiable information, such as your name, shipping address, email address, and telephone number, and demographic information, such as your age, gender, hometown, and interests, that you voluntarily give to us when you submit information via a purchase or via a contact form on the Site. You are under no obligation to provide us with personal information of any kind, however, your refusal to do so may prevent you from using certain features of the Site.
Derivative Data
The information our servers automatically collect when you access the Site, such as your IP address, your browser type, your operating system, your access times, and the pages you have viewed directly before and after accessing the Site.
Mobile Device Data
Device information, such as your mobile device ID, model, and manufacturer, and information about the location of your device, if you access the Site from a mobile device.
USE OF YOUR INFORMATION
Having accurate information about you permits us to provide you with a customized experience.  Specifically, we may use information collected about you via the Site:
Compile anonymous statistical data and analysis for use internally or with third parties.
Deliver targeted advertising, coupons, newsletters, and other information regarding promotions and the Site to you.
Email you regarding your account or order.
Fulfill and manage purchases, orders, payments, and other transactions related to the Site [and our mobile application].
Generate a personal profile about you to make future visits to the Site more personalized.
Increase the efficiency and operation of the Site.
Monitor and analyze usage and trends to improve your experience with the Site.
Notify you of updates to the Site.
Offer new products, services and/or recommendations to you.
Perform other business activities as needed.
Prevent fraudulent transactions, monitor against theft, and protect against criminal activity.
Process payments and refunds.
Request feedback and contact you about your use of the Site.
Resolve disputes and troubleshoot problems.
Respond to product and customer service requests.
Send you a newsletter.
Solicit support for the Site.
DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
We may share information we have collected about you in certain situations. Your information may be disclosed as follows:
By Law or to Protect Rights
If we believe the release of information about you is necessary to respond to legal process, to investigate or remedy potential violations of our policies, or to protect the rights, property, and safety of others, we may share your information as permitted or required by any applicable law, rule, or regulation.  This includes exchanging information with other entities for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Third-Party Service Providers
We may share your information with third parties that perform services for us or on our behalf, including payment processing, data analysis, email delivery, hosting services, customer service, and marketing assistance.
Marketing Communications
With your consent, or with an opportunity for you to withdraw consent, we may share your information with third parties for marketing purposes, as permitted by law.
Third-Party Advertisers
We may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit the Site. These companies may use information about your visits to the Site and other websites that are contained in web cookies in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.
Affiliates
We may share your information with our affiliates, in which case we will require those affiliates to honor this Privacy Policy. Affiliates can include our parent company and any subsidiaries, joint venture partners or other companies that we control or that are under common control with us.
Business Partners
We may share your information with our business partners to offer you certain products, services or promotions.
Other Third Parties
We may share your information with advertisers and investors for the purpose of conducting general business analysis. We may also share your information with such third parties for marketing purposes, as permitted by law.
Sale or Bankruptcy
If we reorganize or sell all or a portion of our assets, undergo a merger, or are acquired by another entity, we may transfer your information to the successor entity. If we go out of business or enter bankruptcy, your information would be an asset transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur and that the transferee may decline honor commitments we made in this Privacy Policy.
We are not responsible for the actions of third parties with whom you share personal or sensitive data, and we have no authority to manage or control third-party solicitations. If you no longer wish to receive correspondence, emails or other communications from third parties, you are responsible for contacting the third party directly.
TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES
Cookies and Web Beacons
We may use cookies, web beacons, tracking pixels, and other tracking technologies on the Site to help customize the Site and improve your experience. When you access the Site, your personal information is not collected through the use of tracking technology. Most browsers are set to accept cookies by default. You can remove or reject cookies, but be aware that such action could affect the availability and functionality of the Site. You may not decline web beacons. However, they can be rendered ineffective by declining all cookies or by modifying your web browser’s settings to notify you each time a cookie is tendered, permitting you to accept or decline cookies on an individual basis.
Internet-Based Advertising
Additionally, we may use third-party software to serve ads on the Site, implement email marketing campaigns, and manage other interactive marketing initiatives. This third-party software may use cookies or similar tracking technology to help manage and optimize your online experience with us.  For more information about opting-out of interest-based ads, visit the Network Advertising Initiative Opt-Out Tool or Digital Advertising Alliance Opt-Out Tool.
Website Analytics
We may also partner with selected third-party vendors, such as Clicky, Google Analytics, HubSpot and others, to allow tracking technologies and remarketing services on the Site through the use of first-party cookies and third-party cookies, to, among other things, analyze and track users’ use of the Site, determine the popularity of certain content and better understand online activity. By accessing the Site, you consent to the collection and use of your information by these third-party vendors. You are encouraged to review their privacy policy and contact them directly for responses to your questions. We do not transfer personal information to these third-party vendors. However, if you do not want any information to be collected and used by tracking technologies, you can visit the third-party vendor or the Network Advertising Initiative Opt-Out Tool or Digital Advertising Alliance Opt-Out Tool.
You should be aware that getting a new computer, installing a new browser, upgrading an existing browser, or erasing or otherwise altering your browser’s cookies files may also clear certain opt-out cookies, plug-ins, or settings.
THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES
The Site may contain links to third-party websites and applications of interest, including advertisements and external services, that are not affiliated with us. Once you have used these links to leave the Site, any information you provide to these third parties is not covered by this Privacy Policy, and we cannot guarantee the safety and privacy of your information. Before visiting and providing any information to any third-party websites, you should inform yourself of the privacy policies and practices (if any) of the third party responsible for that website, and should take those steps necessary to, in your discretion, protect the privacy of your information. We are not responsible for the content or privacy and security practices and policies of any third parties, including other sites, services or applications that may be linked to or from the Site.
SECURITY OF YOUR INFORMATION
We use administrative, technical, and physical security measures to help protect your personal information.  While we have taken reasonable steps to secure the personal information you provide to us, please be aware that despite our efforts, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable, and no method of data transmission can be guaranteed against any interception or another type of misuse.  Any information disclosed online is vulnerable to interception and misuse by unauthorized parties. Therefore, we cannot guarantee complete security if you provide personal information.
POLICY FOR CHILDREN
We do not knowingly solicit information from or market to children under the age of 13. If you become aware of any data we have collected from children under age 13, please contact us using the contact information provided below.
OPTIONS REGARDING YOUR INFORMATION
If you no longer wish to receive correspondence, emails, or other communications from us, you may opt-out by:
Contacting us using the contact information provided below
If you no longer wish to receive correspondence, emails, or other communications from third parties, you are responsible for contacting the third party directly.
CONTACT US
If you have questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
Switchfast Technologies, LLC 4043 N Ravenswood Ave, Suite 203 Chicago, IL (773) 241-3007 contact@switchfast.com
Monthly Newsletter
Stay up-to-date on tech trends and malware threats
Copyright © Switchfast Technologies | Privacy Policy | Careers4043 N. Ravenswood Ave., Suite 203, Chicago, IL 60613