http://www.domain.com/domains/whoisprivacy
HOMEDOMAINSWEBSITE BUILDEREMAILWEB HOSTINGSECURITY(800) 403-3568ChatLoginWHOIS Privacy + ProtectionProtect your privacySecure your personal information, your domain, and your website.Prevent against identity theft and fraudScan for malware and monitor blacklistsReceive immediate alerts if critical domain statuses changeGET STARTED Log in to protect your domainsSecure your personal detailsDomain Privacy + Protection prevents your personal information from being exposed. ICANN, the international governing body for domain names, requires every domain registrar to maintain a publicly viewable "WHOIS" database that displays the personal contact information (including home address and phone numbers) for every registered domain. With Domain Privacy + Protection enabled, we'll show our information in place of yours.Protect your domain and websiteTwo potential threats to your website and domain are hackers and human error. Domain Privacy + Protection helps keep you safe from both, with malware scans and blacklist prevention provided by SiteLock. Not only are you protecting both your domain and website, but your reputation as well.Why Domain Privacy + Protection?Hide your personal information, protect your domain and website.Prevent compromise of your personal informationStop domain-related junk email, spam, or phone callsDeter against potential stalkers or harassmentProtect against unauthorized access to your website and domainProtect your privacy. Secure your domain and website.GET STARTEDLog in to protect your domainsFrequently asked questionsWhat's in the WHOIS directory?The WHOIS database is used to identify “who is” the owner of a specific domain name or IP address. The Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers, or ICANN, requires that domain ownership information be made publicly available. This information includes the domain owner’s name, address, phone number, and email address.How does Domain Privacy work?Domain Privacy works by keeping your information private. Don’t want the entire internet knowing your personal information? We don’t blame you. With this service, your personal information is hidden from public view and instead, Domain.com's information will appear in the WHOIS database.What are the benefits of Domain Privacy?With Domain Privacy, you maintain full control and ownership of your domain name, and your personal information won’t be made public. Domain Privacy helps to prevent identity theft, unwanted spam, and the sale of your personal information. Don’t worry, you can still be contacted by third parties if need be, without revealing your personal info to the public.Which domain names support Domain Privacy?Most domain extensions allow for Domain Privacy. This includes popular extensions such as .com, .net, .org, .co, .tv, .mobi, and so many others! Here’s the full list of TLDs that do not support privacy.What are the benefits of Blacklist Monitoring and Malware Scanning?When domains get blacklisted, their site traffic and marketing will suffer. Stay confident that your domain name has a good reputation by using Blacklist Monitoring. Malware scanning proactively monitors your site and alerts you to any code that could compromise the security and performance of your website. We’ll alert you if anything should happen so you’re able to take quick, corrective action.What are the benefits of Domain Security Alerts?Domain Security Alerts lets you know if someone was making unauthorized changes to your account or domain? If a critical change is made to your account, like ownership or domain lock status changes, we’ll alert you via text message. If you didn’t make the changes, that could be an indicator that someone else is attempting to edit to your account.How can I add Domain Privacy + Protection to my domain name?Although you can add Domain Privacy + Protection before or after registering a domain name, we recommend doing it before. This way, your personal information is never made public in the WHOIS database. If you wait to purchase Domain Privacy + Protection, your information could be made public for a while and there’s no telling who will have seen it. It may take some time for all the WHOIS websites to clear their data caches and remove your information from public view.