http://www.imediainc.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
The iMedia Web site is maintained by Tihuma Digital Inc., d/b/a iMedia inc., 715 Main Street, Boonton, New Jersey. iMedia can be reached by email at info@imediainc.com.
Our Commitment to Your Privacy
We are dedicated to maintaining the privacy of our clients. In conducting our services, we will create files that include client data, including, but not limited to, corporate and employee information and data, as well as customer information and data. During the course of a project and/or a hosting contract, these files are housed on our internal network and in our hosting environment. This data will be provided to you upon request.
How iMedia Uses Information Provided by You
www.imediainc.com or any other iMedia interactive system (including our email newsletter and blog) will not collect personally identifiable information about individuals except when specifically and knowingly provided by such individuals.
iMedia does not provide, sell or lease your personally identifiable information to any parties, unless otherwise stated at the time of collection. If you have any questions or concerns regarding what iMedia does with your information on any part of our site, contact info@imediainc.com for answers, and wait for our response before you decide whether to submit any information. iMedia collects email addresses and some personal information for the purpose of marketing our services.
Visiting Our Site From Outside the United States
If you are visiting our Site from outside the United States, please be aware that your information may be transferred to, stored, and processed in the United States where our servers are located and our central database is operated. The data protection and other laws of the United States and other countries might not be as comprehensive as those in your country. Please be assured that we seek to take reasonable steps to ensure that your privacy is protected. By using our services, you understand that your information may be transferred to our facilities and those third parties with whom we share it as described in this privacy policy. If you have questions or requests related to the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), please contact us at: info@imediainc.com
Registration
Users do not have to register to use iMedia’s Internet site. Users may optionally choose to register with iMedia’s eMail newsletter to receive updated information via email. Users who have elected to register may "opt out" of iMedia’s email newsletter at any time. The information that a user provides during registration is used only to send email to the user, with information that he or she has indicated an interest in receiving.
Cookies
iMedia uses cookies for session identification purposes. When you follow a link from iMedia's Internet site to any third-party site, you are no longer protected by iMedia's Privacy Policy.
Disclaimer
iMedia may make changes to this Privacy Policy. Changes will be posted on this site.