http://www.fabfilter.com/terms-of-use
We, FabFilter, provide our services through our website under the following terms and
conditions. By using this website, you agree to these terms. If you do not agree to
these terms, please cancel the use of our website. The terms and conditions to use
our website may be altered or updated by us. Please periodically check these terms
of use for changes. Your continued usage of our website confirms your acceptance of
such altered terms.
Our Intellectual Property
We are the owner of the FabFilter website. All its content is our property. By making
this website available to you we provide you with a limited license to use this website
in a common way. This license does not permit you to modify, change, damage or copy
our website or any of its content.
Customer support and user forum
Through our website, we are able to inform you about our plug-ins, tutorials, artists
and more. Detailed product information, online help files and video tutorials are
available to you, as well as the user support forum we host for your questions,
remarks and bug reports concerning our plug-ins. The support forum should solely
be used for this purpose. We do not allow you to promote or sell your own products,
or resell your plug-ins on our forum. Please mind how you use the forum. If your
language is insulting in any way to anyone, or infringes any third party’s rights,
we reserve the right to remove such language immediately after we have been made
aware hereof.
Software and updates
Our plug-ins are available as downloads from our website, in the form of fully
functional, 30-day trial versions. The 30-day limitation can be removed using a valid
plug-in license. We update our plug-ins regularly, with bug fixes and new features.
Purchasing licenses
Via our web shop you can buy licenses, which enable you to keep using the software
after the initial 30-day trial period. These licenses are sold and delivered by a
third-party service provider, Cleverbridge AG, situated in Germany. They are available
to answer any of your questions regarding the payment and delivery process. Their
terms and conditions apply to this process and are available in the web shop during
the checkout process, before you finalize your purchase. Please read those carefully.
Merchandise
FabFilter merchandise can be bought via our web shop as well. This service is offered
to you through the intermediate called sprd.net AG. Their conditions are available
in the merchandise shop before you finalize your purchase. Please read those carefully.
Privacy
To be able to provide you with all the services mentioned above, we need to use some
of your personal data. Please know that we will keep all of your personal data
confidential. Apart from the third parties mentioned we shall not disclose or sell
any of your personal information to any other third party, without your explicit
consent. Please read our Privacy Policy carefully to learn
more about your privacy and how we aim to protect it.
Disclaimer
All content we provide to you through our website has been selected with the utmost
care, and we try to keep our website bug-free and safe. However we cannot give and
therefore give no warranties explicit or implied about the accuracy or reliability
hereof. Its content is provided to you “as is”. Although we carefully protect our
website against influences or alterations by third parties, we cannot and therefore
do not guarantee that our website or its content will always be safe, secure or
error-free, or that the website will always function without imperfections or
disruptions. Usage of our website and its content is at your sole risk. We do not
accept any liability for your use of our website.
Questions, remarks or complaints
If you have any questions or comments to these conditions or to our website, please
contact us at info@fabfilter.com. These Term
of Use have been construed in accordance with Dutch Law. The court of Amsterdam is
the competent court to rule on any dispute concerning the use of our website.