https://www.clearpeaks.com/privacy-policy/
PRIVACY POLICY
1 Basic information on Data Protection Responsible: CLEARPEAKS, S.L. Purpose: To provide the requested services, to maintain communications to achieve these and to keep you informed about our activity in general.  Legitimacy: Execution of a contract. Consent of the interested party.  Recipients: No data will be passed on to third parties, unless legally obliged to do so.  Rights: You have the right to access, rectify and delete the data, as well as other rights indicated in the additional information, which can be exercised by contacting finance@clearpeaks.com   2 Additional information on Data Protection  Who is responsible for processing your data? Identity: CLEARPEAKS, S.L. CIF: B43548569 Address: TRAVESSERA DE GRACIA 56 6º 1ª, 08006 BARCELONA Phone: +34 678745718 Email: finance@clearpeaks.com    For what purpose do we process your personal data? In CLEARPEAKS, S.L. we process the information that the interested people provide us with the purpose of supplying the services requested, to carry out the administrative, accounting and financial management of the requested services, to maintain communications about these, as well as to send messages, including by e-mail, to keep them informed about our activity in general.  How long will we keep the data?  The data will be kept for as long as there is no request for their deletion, and in any case, for as long as necessary to comply with legal obligations.    What is our legitimacy for processing your data?  We hereby indicate the legal basis for processing your data:  Execution of a contract: Provision of the requested services Consent of the interested party: Sending commercial messages about our activity in general.  Who will your data be disclosed to? No data will be passed on to third parties, unless we are legally obliged to do so or have your consent.    Data transfers to third countries?  There are no plans to transfer of data to third countries.  What are your rights when you provide us with your data? Every person has the right to obtain confirmation of whether or not CLEARPEAKS, S.L.  is processing personal data that concern them.  The persons concerned have the right to access their personal data, as well as the right to request the rectification of inaccurate data or, where appropriate, to request their deletion when, among other reasons, the data are no longer necessary for the purposes for which they were collected.  In certain circumstances, data subjects may request that the processing of their data be limited, in which case we will only keep them for the exercise or defense of claims. Likewise, in legally established cases, you will have the right to the portability of your personal data. In certain circumstances and on grounds relating to their particular situation, data subjects may object to the processing of their data. In this case CLEARPEAKS, S.L. will stop processing the data, except for legitimate reasons, or the exercise or defense of possible claims.  You may exercise your rights as follows: by sending an e-mail to finance@clearpeaks.com or a letter to TRAVESSERA DE GRACIA 56 6º 1ª, 08006 BARCELONA.  If you have given your consent for any specific purpose, you are entitled to withdraw the consent given at any time, without this affecting the lawfulness of the processing based on the consent given prior to its withdrawal.  If you feel that your rights have been infringed with regard to the protection of your personal data, especially when you have not obtained satisfaction in the exercise of your rights, you may file a complaint with the relevant Data Protection Supervisory Authority through its website: www.agpd.es.
Your privacy is important to us!We use different type of cookies: the necessary cookies make our site work and site user measurement cookies enable us to analyse anonymised usage. This allows us to improve our content and give you the best experience on our website. You can select “Accept” to consent to the cookies or click “Manage Preferences” to review your options. ACCEPT ALL
Change cookie settings
Close GDPR Cookie Settings
Overview
Essential Cookies
Analytics Cookies
Cookie Policy
Powered by  GDPR Cookie Compliance OverviewThis website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.You can adjust your preferences below. Essential CookiesWe use these cookies to ensure that our website works correctly and meet your expectations. They cannot be switched off. You can find out more in our privacy policy and cookie policy.
Enable or Disable Cookies
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again. Analytics CookiesThis website uses Google Analytics to collect anonymous information such as the number of visitors to the site and the most popular pages. Keeping these cookies enabled helps us to improve our website and give you a great experience.
Enable or Disable Cookies
Please enable Strictly Necessary Cookies first so that we can save your preferences! Cookie PolicyMore information about our Cookie Policy Enable All Save Changes