http://www.castleink.com/pages/castle-ink-privacy-policy
Skip to content
Submit
Close search
Just added to your cart
Qty:
View cart ()
Continue shopping
FREE SHIPPING on ink cartridge & toner orders of $50 or more
Castle Ink - Privacy Policy
Privacy Statement
We know how much you value your privacy, so we make sure that your privacy is protected any time you're using our services. You do need to give us some personal information so we're able to process your orders and requests. However, we want you to know exactly what information we need, why we need it, and how we make sure that your information is protected. We want you to be able to enjoy your experience here safely and privately.
Information We Need From You
In order to process orders for you, we require some personal information from you when you are ordering:
name
e-mail address
mailing address (to ship the order to you or to the person(s) you choose)
billing name and address (for verification purposes only)
credit card number and expiration date
We are the shipper for all products purchased on this Web site. From time to time we will drop ship out-of-stock items but do not forward any billing information. We use Shopify for credit card processing. Shopify will not use your information for any purpose other than processing your order. Only Shopify receives credit card information; it is not stored on any of our servers. We also use a third party shipping service, Google Analytics for web analytics, and Shopify for web hosting.
We may occasionally request information from users via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you therefore have a choice whether or not to disclose this information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and mailing address), and demographic information (such as zip code, age level). Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of our service.
Protecting Your Information
We use industry best practices to protect your information and your privacy. When your password or credit card number are requested on the site, we use SSL to present secure pages to protect that information. We also guarantee that every order you make at here will be 100% safe. This means that we will reimburse you for any fraudulent charges that are not covered by your bank and that result through no fault of your own from purchases made at our Web site while using the secure server.
You can tell if you are using a secure server by looking at the bottom of your browser window. In Chrome, Firefox, Netscape Navigator or Internet Explorer, you will see a lock icon. When the symbol is unbroken or the padlock appears to be in its closed state, the page is encrypted and therefore secure. If you wish to take advantage of the latest encryption standards, be sure you have the latest version of the browser you're using. You can download the latest version from the Netscape or Microsoft Web sites.
E-Mail Notification of New Features and Special Offers
We will notify you about new features and services on our Web site ONLY if you request to receive this information when you register. You may subscribe or unsubscribe to this notification service by following the unsubscribe instructions included in these emails, accessing the email preferences in your account settings page or you can contact us at support at castleink.com.
Sharing Your Information With Third Parties
At no time will we share your e-mail address with third parties for promotional purposes. If you do not want us to share your personal information with these companies, contact us at support at castleink.com.
Cookies
Cookies are pieces of information that your browser receives from Web sites and stores on your computer's hard drive. Information in cookies includes preferences you select while visiting a particular Web site. For example, by storing cookies on your hard drive, you'll return to a specific Web site with the same settings you used on a previous visit.
We never save information or tie cookies to personal information such as your password or your credit card number. We do require cookies in order to manage and protect your session, and if you choose, to store your e-mail address (so you don't have to type it in every time you log in). If you have cookies turned off, you will not be able to access this service.
Log Files
Our servers store IP addresses for all connections to the service. This data is analyzed in the aggregate for administration purposes and is not linked to your personal account. Occasionally, we may use the IP logs to gather information that might help Customer Support respond to an inquiry by you about your account, but will not do so without an initial action by you. We use a third-party tracking service Quantcast that uses cookies [log files] to track non-personal information about visitors to our site in the aggregate (such as total unique visitors, visits, pageviews as well as geographic data) to augment our web analytics with additional data points on our user base.
Testimonials
We display personal testimonials of satisfied customers on our site in addition to other endorsements. With your consent we may post your testimonial along with your name. If you wish to update or delete your testimonial, you can contact us at support at castleink.com.
Legal Exceptions to the Rules
We will disclose customer information to proper law enforcement authorities even though you might have sent us an e-mail requesting that we don't share your information. This information may be necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against anyone who may attempt to cause injury to another's rights or property.
Castle Ink reserves the right to disclose your personal information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our Web site.
Making General Information on Groups of Our Customers Available to Other Companies
We may share very general aggregate information about our customers as a whole group with advertisers, business partners, sponsors and other third parties. For example, we might say that a certain percentage of our customers live in California, while a different percentage live in New Jersey. We use this data to customize our service offerings and content based on your needs. This data is not personally identifiable.
Access to Personal Information
If your personal information changes, or if you no longer desire our service, you may correct, update, delete or deactivate it by emailing our Customer Support via our Contact Us form or by contacting us by telephone or postal mail at the contact information listed below.
Data Retention
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services contact us at support at castleink.com. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Notification of Changes
If at some time our privacy statement makes material changes, we will e-mail our users informing them of the new privacy statement, and if applicable, provide users with a way to opt out of any changes to the way their personal information will be used. We will also post a prominent notice on our homepage. To opt out of receiving these communications please email us at Bill (at) castleink.com.
Staying Current With Your Information and Our Policies
We will do our utmost to keep all your information up to date, and to guard your privacy by continuously evaluating the enforcement and nature of our policies.
PHYSICAL ADDRESS
37 Wyckoff St. Greenlawn, NY 11740 (p) 917-364-6232support at castleink.com
EFFECTIVE DATE 2.11.13
Use left/right arrows to navigate the slideshow or swipe left/right if using a mobile device
Choosing a selection results in a full page refresh.
Press the space key then arrow keys to make a selection.