http://www.tharo.com/tharos-privacy-policy/
Tharo's Privacy Policy - Tharo Systems, Inc.
Tharo's Privacy Policy - Tharo Systems, Inc.
330-273-4408
sales@tharo.com
MenuHomeAbout UsAbout UsContact UsReseller RegistrationTharo’s Privacy PolicyIndustry Links CloseOur ProductsEASYLABELTharo PrintersPrinter AccessoriesRibbonsLabelsHow To Buy CloseService & SupportEASYLABEL TutorialsEASYLABEL SupportEASYLABEL Release NotesPrinter Support and ServiceRMA Request CloseDownloadEASYLABEL (newest)Older EASYLABELSample FilesDrivers Close
Tharo Systems, Inc. recognizes the importance of protecting the privacy of all information provided by users of this website and recipients of our e-mail newsletters and announcements. We created this policy with a fundamental respect for our users’ right to privacy
Website Usage
You may visit the Tharo Systems, Inc. website without identifying yourself or revealing any personal information. As you use the site, the site collects standard tracking data that Tharo Systems, Inc. uses to evaluate site traffic and usage patterns.
Registering & Subscribing
When attending our trade events, signing up for certain selected services (such as the reseller area), or subscribing to our newsletters, users must first register. During registration, users are asked to give their contact information such as name, e-mail address, mailing address and phone number. We use this information for internal purposes to communicate with users and provide requested services.
Communications with Us
We have features where users can submit information to us (such as our “how to buy” form). At no time is this information made available to the public or any third party. We may retain e-mails and other information sent to us for our internal administrative purposes, and to help us to serve customers better.
Communications from Us
In order to best serve our customers, we may send updates that contain important information about our sites and services. For example, we send new members a welcoming message, and verify password and username for our password-protected areas. We may also communicate with a user to provide requested services and for account-related issues via e-mail, phone or regular mail.
Cookies
We use “cookies,” a piece of data stored on the user’s hard drive containing information about the user and site visits. Cookies benefit the user by requiring login only once, thereby saving time while on our site. If users reject the cookies, they may be limited in the use of some areas of our site. Cookies also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the information contained on our site.
For our internal purposes, we may gather date, time, browser type and navigation history from visitors to our site. This information does not contain anything that can identify users personally. We use this information for our internal trend analysis and system administration, and to gather broad demographic information about our user base for aggregate use.
Interactive Features
We may offer interactive and community features such as a technical discussion board. Note that all personal information sent or posted via such features becomes public information for which we are not responsible.
With Whom Your Information Is Shared
Except as otherwise provided in this privacy policy, Tharo Systems, Inc. will keep your personal information and will NOT share it with third parties, unless such disclosure is necessary to: (a) comply with a court order or other legal process; (b) protect our rights or property; or (c) enforce our terms of service. Users should also be aware that courts of equity, such as U.S. Bankruptcy Courts, might have the authority under certain circumstances to permit personal information to be shared or transferred to third parties without permission.
Correction/Updating Personal Information
If a user’s personally identifiable information changes, please contact
sales@tharo.com for any changes to your information.
If a user no longer desires to receive our newsletters and announcements, they should click on the opt-out link at the bottom of the e-mail.
Security
We use reasonable precautions to protect our users’ personal information and to store it securely. In addition, access to all of our users’ information, not just the sensitive information mentioned above, is restricted. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job are granted access to personally identifiable information.
For questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site or any dealings with Tharo Systems, Inc., send e-mail to tharo@tharo.com
©2020 Tharo Systems, Inc.