http://www.netcam-watcher.com/privacy/
Netcam Watcher Professional
Home
Features
Downloads
Purchase
Support
Contact Us
PRIVACY POLICY AND CONSENT TO USE OF DATA IMPORTANT: BY SUBMITTING DATA TO US AND/OR USING OUR
WEB SITE
YOU GIVE YOUR CONSENT THAT ALL PERSONAL DATA THAT YOU SUBMIT
MAY BE
PROCESSED BY US IN THE MANNER AND FOR THE PURPOSES DESCRIBED IN
THE
FOLLOWING PRIVACY POLICY.
Privacy Policy This Privacy Policy describes Beausoft Limited's current
policies and
practices with regard to Personal Data collected by us
manually or
through this web site (“Web Site”). The term “Personal Data”
refers to
personally identifiable information about you, such as your
name, birth
date, e-mail address or mailing address.
Notification of changes to this Policy We are continually improving and adding new functionality and features
to this Web Site and improving and adding to our existing services.
Because of these ongoing changes, changes in the law and the changing
nature of technology, our data practices will change from time to time.
If and when our data practices change, we will (as soon as practicable)
post the changes on our Web Site to notify you of the changes. We
encourage you to check this page frequently.
Collection of Personal Data including e-mail addresses We will collect and store the information you give us. You may use
this
Web Site to register to receive additional information or services
from us. When you register, we ask you for contact information like your
name, postal address and e-mail address.
Use of Personal Data We process your Personal Data only for specific and limited
purposes. We ask only for data that is adequate, relevant and not
excessive for those purposes. The purposes for which process Personal
Data are notified to the Office of the Information Commissioner. Some of
these purposes include the following:-
We may contact you occasionally to inform you of new services we will
be providing, or events or articles we think will be of interest to
you.
We may send you requested information and related material.
We will use your Personal Data to provide our services. We may use your Personal Data internally to help us improve our
services and to help resolve any problems.
Opt-out choice If you do not wish to receive information from us and want to
be removed from our standard mailing list, please change your forums
profile or click the unsubscribe link which can be found at the bottom
of every email we send.
Disclosure of your Personal Data
We do not share, sell or distribute your Personal Data with unrelated
third parties
Data Integrity and Security
We strive to maintain the reliability, accuracy, completeness and
currency of Personal Data in our databases and to protect the privacy
and security of our databases. We keep your Personal Data only for as
long as reasonably necessary for the purposes for which it was collected
or to comply with any applicable legal or ethical reporting or
document
retention requirements.
Data Access and Corrections
Upon receipt of your written request and enough information to permit
us to identify your Personal Data, we will disclose to you the
Personal
Data we hold about you. We will also correct, amend or delete
any
Personal Data that is inaccurate and notify any third party
recipients
of the necessary changes.
If you wish to access or correct your Personal Data, please contact
us using the hyperlink on our navigation bar. We do not charge for
complying with a correction request, however, for all other requests, we
may charge a small fee to cover its costs. Requests to delete Personal
Data are subject to any applicable legal and ethical reporting or
document retention obligations imposed on us.
Link to other web sites This Web Site contains hyperlinks to web sites that are not operated
by
us. These hyperlinks are provided for your reference and convenience
only and do not imply any endorsement of the activities of these
third-party web sites or any association with their operators. We do not
control these web sites and are not responsible for their data or
privacy practices. We urge you to review any privacy policy posted on
any site you visit before using the site or providing any Personal Data
about yourself.
Governing Law
This privacy policy forms part of our Web Site Terms of Use and as
such shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of
New Zealand . You agree to submit any dispute arising out of your use of
this
Web Site to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of New
Zealand.
Questions If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or concerns about
the way we process your Personal Data, please contact us using the
"Contact Us" navigation bar on this page.
[About Us]  [Contact Us]  [Privacy Policy]  [Terms & Conditions]
Copyright © 2010 Beausoft Ltd - All rights reserved.
© 2020 Netcam Watcher Professional.
Design by
concrete5studio.com.
Built with
concrete5 CMS.
Sign In