http://www.pointstone.com/products/totalprivacy/
Total Privacy - Prevent your web surfing habits from being tracked
Pointstone Software |  Since 1996
Software
System CleanerOptimize and repair your PC
Total PrivacyErase history and computer usage tracks
Registry CleanerOptimize and repair your PC registry
FreebiesFree software
AntiTrack for Windows® 10
Internet Accelerator
Disk Defrag
MemOptimizer
index.dat Viewer
Document Metadata Cleaner
ADS Scanner
Browser Guard
Downloads
System Cleaner
Total Privacy
Registry Cleaner
All Downloads
Purchase
Support
Technical Support
Ask a Question
Company
About Us
Contact Us
Partners
Press Center
Newsletter
Labs
Jobs
HomeSoftwareTotal Privacy
Total Privacy™ 6
Total Privacy Provides the Most Advanced Information Removal Solution for Protection Against Today's Malicious Online and Offline Threats.
Supports all major browsers (Internet Explorer, FireFox, Opera, Google Chrome)
Comes with over 450 plugins that extend the cleaning to many third-party programs
Wipes Disks to prevent recovery of previously deleted files
Military-Grade File Eradication
One-Touch and Automated Cleaning Options
Try Now!(Lite version has functionality limitations*)
Buy Now! Only $24.95
* Lite version allows to clean the first 10 selected items and does not expire. License required for full functionality.
True to its name, Total Privacy helps you keep just about all traces of PC activities to yourself. [...] Anyone who wants his or her computer to stay clean as a whistle will find this application a quality choice.
Editor's Review
OVERVIEW
FEATURES
SCREENSHOTS
AWARDS
COMPARE
DETAILS
UPGRADE
Total Privacy is a safe and easy-to-use to use privacy protection tool that stops all
those pesky snoopers such as Cookies, history, index.dat,
competitors (and even your boss!) from finding the trail of your computer use that modern
internet browsers and many other programs leave behind. All this can be accomplished with a
single click on the mouse, or even automatically!
With Total Privacy you get total confidence and peace of mind for secure computer use by
completely and permanently removing all traces and history of your recent activity. What's
more, Total Privacy also helps improve and optimize your computer's performance. By deleting
all those unnecessary temporary files,
install/uninstall records and by cleaning your internet browser cache, Total Privacy will keep your computer
functioning as smoothly and as quickly as it should.
Total Privacy makes use of the most advanced washing and shredding methods available today to make sure that your own
private business and computer use remains exactly that - private. Get more of the full story
on how the power and simplicity of Total Privacy makes it easy for you to foil the intruders
who want to check up on your computer activity by following the topics below.
100% Unconditional Money-Back Guarantee! We are
certain that you will be completely satisfied with the quality of Total Privacy. However, if
this Internet privacy tool fails to meet your expectations for any reason whatsoever within
the first 30 days, we provide a 100% total refund! So there's nothing to lose, and
everything to gain!
Quick and easy uninstallation Wish to upgrade to a new version or remove the software from your PC? Here's how to uninstall it.
Minimum System Requirements
Windows 10, Windows 8, Windows 7
512MB RAM
30MB Hard Drive Space
Internet Connection Recommended
Supports Internet Explorer, FireFox, Opera, Google Chrome, Netscape, Mozilla and AOL
Copyright © 1996 - 2020 Pointstone Software, LLC.All rights reserved.
System Cleaner, Total Privacy and MemOptimizer are trademarks or registered trademarks of Pointstone Software, LLC.
Terms of use | Privacy policy | Refunds | How to uninstall | Trademarks and Copyright
Company
About Us
Contact Us
Partners
Press Center
Newsletter
Pointstone Labs
Jobs
Blog
Software
System Cleaner
Total Privacy
Registry Cleaner
All Software
Follow Us
Facebook
Twitter
222 Users Online