http://www.mark-info.com/privacy-and-cookie-policy
DK
NO
SE
GB
LinkedIn
YouTube
.
Find us
Contact us
Customer login
Write to us
+44 808 23 44 786
(English)
.
Products
.
Time & Attendance
Time & Attendance registration
Mileage and daily allowances - ProTravel
Notifications
Absence Management
Holiday management
Sickness absence management
Task Management
Production reporting – ProJob
Project and activity registration
ProOEE – overall equipment effectiveness
Reporting on construction sites
Scheduling
Staff roster planning
Shift scheduling
Task management
Production planning
User experience
ProPortal
ProPC
ProMobile
ProTerminal Kaba
ProTracker
ID media
Integration
Integration to ProMark
Microsoft integration
SAP integration
Business intelligence
Reporting
Services
Customer Care
SuperuserService
HardwareService
ProMark Private Cloud
Application Management Service
Access control
Industries
.
Building & construction
Food & beverage
Logistics & transportation
Manufacturing
Service
Customers
.
Customer references
Customers with SAP integration
Case studies
Ahlsell
Alliance Healthcare
Bankdata
Carlsberg Danmark
Chemring Countermeasures
Cleveland Bridge
Coop Albertslund distribution centre
Coop Hasselager distribution centre
Cyclife Sweden
Dansac
Dansk Metal
DLG
Doggy AB
Dokka Fasteners
Exclusive Collection
GF Forsikring
Gjensidige Forsikring
GKN Aerospace Engine Systems
Holmen
Jydsk Aluminium Industri
Konga Mekaniska
Kverneland Group Kerteminde
Lantmännen Maskin
MAN Energy Solutions
Meneta
Metro Service
Nykredit
Rockwool
Royal Greenland Seafood
Saint-Gobain Distribution Denmark
SDC
Schneider Electric
Smyths Toys
Supergros
Sydbank
Teknos
Valmont SM
Viggo Petersen
VikingGenetics
Aarsleff
Partners
.
Technology partners
Value-added resellers
Become our partner
Insights
.
Articles
News
Newsletters
e-books
Business Impact Assessment
FAQ about Workforce Management
Events
Courses
ProMark user group
About us
.
Contact us
About us
Our history
Financials
Job opportunities
Addresses
Executive Board
Board of Directors
Home
Privacy policy and cookies
Privacy policy
As a data processing company, Mark Information takes data protection very seriously. We protect the personal data we handle and ensure that we comply with applicable data protection regulations.
This privacy policy describes how we handle personal data about customers, website visitors, suppliers and job seekers as well as the rights one has when registered.
In addition to the Privacy Policy, our Cookie Policy also applies.
1. Data processing company
Mark Information Danmark A/S
Maglebjergvej 11
2800 Kgs. Lyngby
Denmark
CVR: 39 86 97 13
Phone: +45 4690 0000
Email: info.uk€mark-info.com
2. Categories of personal data
Personal data is all kinds of information that somehow relates to you. At Mark Information, we receive information about our customers, website visitors, suppliers and job seekers. When you use our website, we collect and process a variety of such information. This happens e.g. in general use of our content, if you sign up for our newsletter or events, fill out contact forms and register for our customer portal.
The data we process about you may include:
General personal data, including:
Identification data, including name, title, address, phone, email, company name and address
Information included in our correspondence with you
Login information for our customer portal
Information about your orders for goods and services
Correspondence with Customer Care and/or other employees
Information about your behaviour on our digital services (e.g. IP address, geographic location, browser, operating system and the content you are looking at etc.)
Photos/video from events such as conferences and user meetings
Sensitive or semi-sensitive personal data (customers only):
In general, we do not process sensitive or semi-sensitive personal data about you. However, in special situations we may receive social security numbers, absence reasons and health information when we assist in problem solving. The information will be anonymized or deleted when the case has been closed/problem has been solved. We recommend that you do not send or inform us about such information yourself.
3. How we use personal data for each purpose and the foundation for processing
Purpose
Examples
Foundation for processing
1. Administration of potential and existing customer relationships
When you wish to become a customer with Mark Information, we process the necessary information about you in order to:
make an agreement on delivery of a Workforce Management solution to your company
ensure clear identification of you
When you are a customer with us on an existing agreement, we process your data to administer the agreement, including:
ensuring that products and services are delivered as agreed
receiving payment for our goods and services
identifying you when you are contacting us
keeping your contact information up to date
meeting other obligations towards you or us, according to our agreement or legislation
You are a customer and participate in an event where we take photos/videos that can be used
to market that type of event
to refer to events held
Participants can opt to not be included in photos for this purpose.
Example:
You are a potential customer
When you contact us to get information or an offer on a Workforce Management solution, we use your name, address and other contact information to make an offer and contact you.
Example:
You are customer with us
We provide services as agreed, send invoices for these and ongoing maintenance fees according to our agreement as well as register your payment.
Example:
You participate in a user conference or user meeting
Through pictures and video on our customer portal and newsletters, we tell the good stories from customer events and share knowledge and information about events and activities.
Data Protection Regulation, article 6, paragraph 1 (b and f).
Our legitimate interests are:
to ensure that information is not provided to anyone other than you
to market our products and services and inform you about functionality and news
to ensure compliance with current legislation
As above.
When attending Mark Information events, we may take photos to be used for marketing purposes. Participants can opt to not be included in photos for this purpose.
For any portrait images we obtain consent.
2. Marketing, analyses and segmentation
We use your personal data to send newsletters or electronic marketing if we have your consent. Your consent may have been obtained when you have signed up for our events or via a form on our website. You can always unsubscribe from our newsletter and electronic marketing.
We may also use your information for marketing via ordinary post.
We are also doing customer satisfaction surveys via email on an ongoing basis.
Example:
We send information about ProMark modules or functionality, you are not already using
You have given us permission to send you information about systems like ProMark, which can be beneficial to you and your company. In this case, we use your email and possible purchase history. We never use your email address etc. in conflict with marketing legislation and you can withdraw your consent at any time.
Example:
You have received assistance from Customer Care or a consultant
We will subsequently send an evaluation form in order to continuously improve our service
Data Protection Regulation, article 6 (a, b and f)
Our legitimate interests are:
to develop and market our products
to sell our products
to complete customer satisfaction analyses
to improve our products and services
3. Administration and improvement of our digital services
We are using tracking software to register the number of visits on www.mark-info.dk, including which domains the visitors are coming from and what content they are looking at. The information is only used to develop and improve our digital services and does not enable us to identify individual persons.
Example:
You are using our digital services
When you visit our website, we process your information in order to improve our digital services.
Data Protection Regulation, article 6 (f)
Our legitimate interests are:
to improve the user experience
to develop and improve our digital services
4. Processing of job applications
All job applications (both specific and general) are registered and processed by our HR manager and any managers and interviewers involved.
Example:
You send us a job application
We register and assess your application and keep the information received while processing. No later than 3 months after completing the process, we will delete all data and emails.
Data Protection Regulation, article 6, paragraph 1 (b).
Our legitimate interests are:
Manage your application and communicate about any interview and contract/refusal.
If we process your data for other purposes than described above, we will inform you about the new purposes in advance of the actual processing if it falls under the data protection regulations.
4. Insight into your data (the right of access and the right to be forgotten)
You can get information about which personal data we have registered and process about you. Contact us on gdpr€mark-info.com or the address listed above if you want the right to:
access to your personal data stored in our databases
have your personal data corrected/updated
be deleted/erased from our databases
limit your data with us
electronic transfer of your data
make objections
not have decisions made based on automatic handling, including profiling
We will respond to your question or request as soon as possible (and at least within one month from receiving your request, although this may be extended in difficult cases). If your question or request is comprehensive, it may be necessary to ask for additional information from you.
5. Our data processors/sub data processors
We use a number of data processors and sub data processors to handle personal data on our behalf. These third parties have been carefully selected and are all governed by data processing agreements (DPA) and sub data processing agreements with us according to the legislation in EU’s General Data Protection Regulation 2018 (GDPR).
6. How long do we keep your personal data?
We will delete your personal data when it is no longer needed.
In general, Mark Information complies with the filing period applicable to the current Bookkeeping Act in Denmark, Norway, Sweden and the UK. To ensure correct handling of returning customer relationships, potential complaints and warranty commitments and to be able to meet our obligations, we have determined that it is necessary to keep information for up to 10 years plus the current year effective from the business relationship or purpose has ended based on the law in the country where personal data is stored.
7. Violation of data
We will report every illegal violation of databases from any of our data processors or sub data processors to all relevant persons or authorities within 72 hours after the breach, if it appears clearly that personal data stored in an identifiable way has been compromised.
8. Contact regarding data protection or privacy policy
If you have further questions regarding our privacy policy or our data processing, please contact us via email gdpr€mark-info.com or at the address listed above.
If you want to submit a complaint, we refer to the Information Commissioner’s Office at www.ico.org.uk.
Please note, that an ordinary email is NOT considered as secure communication. Thus, don’t include personal or sensitive information or other types of information that you think should be protected.
The privacy policy is effective from 20 February 2020.
Cookie policy
This website is owned and administered by Mark Information A/S.
Mark Information Danmark A/S
Maglebjergvej 11
2800 Kgs. Lyngby
Denmark
Org.no.: 39 86 97 13
Phone: +45 4690 0000
E-mail: info.uk€mark-info.com
Mark Information would like to offer our users good service and a well-functioning and user-friendly website. Therefore, we use cookies. Cookies used may be our own or third-party cookies.
What is a cookie?
A cookie is a data file stored on your computer. It remembers your choices, creating a greater ease of use.  A cookie cannot spread virus on your computer or save information to track your identity. The duration of a cookie varies. Some are deleted after use of the Internet browser, others are stored for longer.
Cookies for various purposes
Cookies are used for various purposes and can be divided into different categories:
Necessary cookies: These cookies are necessary for the website to function optimally e.g. by ensuring a uniform appearance of the website, remembering login information and ensuring the security while you are logged on
Operation and optimisation cookies: These cookies are used to control and optimise the website, including collection of information from the user for analysis of visits and impressions, use of the website and the like
Marketing/anonymous tracking across websites: These cookies are used to build a profile based on your queries and/or browsing patterns. They are made to identify your browser and the device used for web access. These cookies are used for instance when you share content on social networks to collect information about which pages are shared on which social networks.
Mark Information uses all three kinds of cookies and ask for your permission before placing any cookies on your equipment. Legally, we are allowed to store cookies on your device if they are strictly necessary to provide the service you have explicitly requested to use. For all other types of cookies, we need your consent before placing cookies on your equipment. Your consent applies to the domain: www.mark-info.co.uk. You agree to our cookies if you continue to use our website.
We share information about your use of our website with our partners in social media, advertising and analysis. The partners can combine this data with other information you have provided to them or that they have collected from your use of their services. Find out more about who we are, how to contact us, and how we treat personal data in our Privacy Policy.
How to reject cookies
You may at any time change or withdraw your consent from the cookie declaration on our website. You can also refuse cookies by changing the settings in your browser (click Help in the browser menu). If you reject cookies, please be aware that this may affect the website's usability, e.g. that certain features and services may be lost. See guide and read more about cookies here.
do you want to know more about workforce management?
Customer case studies
Articles on Workforce Management
Products
Industries