http://www.class-systems.com/cookies-and-privacy/
Home | Cookies & Privacy
Cookies & Privacy
Privacy Statement
Infospeed Ltd. will retain data about you which is obtained as a result of your visiting the web site. We may use that information to provide you with details of products or services which may interest you. We will not provide your data to other third parties. Any personal data which you provide to Infospeed Ltd. are held and processed in accordance with the UK Data Protection Act.
Privacy Policy
Note: ‘Us’ refers to Infospeed Ltd ‘You’, ‘User(s)’, ‘Visitor’ refers to any person who uses this website.
This Web site is owned and controlled by Infospeed Ltd.
Infospeed Ltd is committed to implementing measures designed to protect the privacy of those using our services. Infospeed Ltd respects the privacy of all those who visit our Site and use our online services and we collect information from and about our users to be used to improve the service we offer. Except as set forth within this Privacy Policy, our Terms & Conditions, and other published guidelines, we do not release personally identifiable information (as described below) about users of this Site without their permission.
Effect of This and Related Documents: This Privacy Policy, together with our Terms & Conditions and other published guidelines, governs your interaction with this Site, and your registration for and use of Infospeed Ltd online services.
Opt-Out Option: If you would like to have your personally-identifiable information removed from Infospeed Ltd’s databases going forward, please Contact Us  and we will use reasonable efforts to comply with your request. However, there will be residual information that will remain within Infospeed Ltd databases, access logs, and other historical internal records, which may or may not contain such personally-identifiable information.
The Information We May Gather
1. Non-personally-identifiable information:
1.1 As a standard practise, Infospeed Ltd assigns a random number to each user for anonymously tracking content preferences and traffic patterns. This random number lets us keep track of “how many” times users are doing specific things – like visiting our site each month – without really knowing who those users are (unless they specifically tell us). We analyse this data for trends and statistics, such as which parts of our site users are visiting and how long they spend there. We also gather information about what users are searching for. We use all this information in order to improve our content, plan site enhancements, and measure overall site effectiveness.
2. Personally identifiable information:
2.1 General: In certain areas of this Site, we require that you provide us with personally-identifiable information, in order to be able to use that portion or those portions of this Site.
2.2 If you submit a request for more information from us, the information you submit will only be used by Infospeed Ltd. Our lists are private and are never sold to any third parties.
If you have any queries about this policy please feel free to contact us.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
List of cookies we collect
Below is a list of the cookies we collect and what information they store.
GOOGLE ANALYTICS_utma – Enables the use of the Google web stats service to store anonymous data on your visit.
GOOGLE ANALYTICS_utmb – Enables the use of the Google web stats service to store anonymous data on your visit.
GOOGLE ANALYTICS_utmc – Enables the use of the Google web stats service to store anonymous data on your visit.
GOOGLE ANALYTICS_utmz – Enables the use of the Google web stats service to store anonymous data on your visit.
edge.sharethis.com – Enables the sharing functionality on the blog.
reg.sharethis.com – Enables the sharing functionality on the blog.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Read More AcceptPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Necessary
Always Enabled