http://www.houseonthehill.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy - House-on-the-Hill Service desk Software
House-on-the-HillService Desk Software since 1993
Toggle navigation
Solutions
IT Service Management A versatile service desk solution to help you deliver great IT support
Customer Service Management Support your Customers with House-on-the-Hill CSM service desk solution
Computer Aided Facilities Management Software to help keep your properties well maintained and safe
FOI, Case & Complaints Automate the processing of FOI, DPA, EIR, SAR, Information Governance & Complaints
Compare All Solutions
Features
Pricing
About
Contact House-on-the-Hill
About House-on-the-Hill
Customer Case Studies
Customer Testimonials
Blog
Social Values Statement
Get Started for Free
House-on-the-HillHouse-on-the-HillService Desk Software since 1993
Toggle navigation
IT Service Management
Customer Service Management
FOI Request Management
Computer Aided Facilities Management
Pricing
Features
Contact
About
Create SupportDesk Trial
Get Started for Free
Customer Self-Service
Product Support
sales@houseonthehill.com
Home // Company // Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
House-on-the-Hill Privacy Statement
House-on-the-Hill Software Ltd respects your privacy. You are welcome to our website, www.houseonthehill.com, which you can peruse at your leisure without identifying yourself.
This statement is to let you know of our practices regarding any information you may leave with us.
Your Email Address & Data
If you register to use one of our trial systems then we ask for your email address. We will send an automated e-mail message back to verify that this is a valid address and then your House-on-the-Hill trial system is ready for use. Your email address will not be forwarded to any other parties.
We will send further emails to check how you are getting on with your trial system. Let us know if the software is not of interest and we will cease communicating with you.
Your trial will expire after one month.
We use Mail Chimp to send you further product news and updates, you can unsubscribe from these at any time.
Third Parties
We will not forward your email address or data to any other parties
Cookies
This website uses cookies – small text files that are placed on your machine to help the site provide a better user experience. In general, cookies are used to retain your preferences, and provide anonymised tracking data to third party applications like Google Analytics. As a rule, cookies will make your browsing experience better. However, you may prefer to disable cookies on this site and on others. The most effective way to do this is to disable cookies in your browser. We suggest you consult the Help section of your browser or look at the About Cookies website which offers guidance for all modern browsers
Security
We cannot guarantee the security of any data that you disclose online. We endeavour to take all reasonable steps to protect your personal information.  We will not be responsible for any breach of security unless this is due to negligence on our part.
Solutions
IT Service Management
Customer Service Management
CAFM
FOI, Case & Complaints
Pricing & Features
Chat
House-on-the-Hill Software Pricing Models
Features and Integrations
Product Comparison
Mobile Service Desk
Whats New in House-on-the-Hill 2020
House-on-the-Hill Library
House-on-the-Hill
Contact House-on-the-Hill
Case Studies
About House-on-the-Hill
Customer Login
Sign up for Newsletters
Get Started for Free
Support - +44 (0) 161 449 7057
Newsletter Signup
Copyright © House-on-the-Hill Software Ltd 2020 / Privacy Policy
This site uses cookies:
Find out more.Okay, thanks