http://www.ecsc.co.uk/privacy.html
Home
>
Privacy & Cookie Policy
Privacy & Cookie Policy
Data protection
ECSC Group plc will not collect any personally identifiable information about you (e.g. your name, address, telephone number or e-mail address) unless you provide it to us voluntarily.
Given that the internet is a global environment, using the internet to collect and process personal data necessarily involves the transmission of data on an international basis. Therefore, by browsing this website and communicating electronically with us, you acknowledge and agree to our processing of personal data in this way.
If you have already submitted personal data and would like it removed from our records, please use the contact us page on this website. We will use all reasonable efforts to delete your information from our records.
Any information you provide to ECSC Group plc ("data") will be put onto the ECSC Group plc database and processed by us for marketing purposes, market research, and in order to contact you or send you information. By submitting your data to us you agree to our storage and use of the data.
In some cases, we may collect information about you that is not personally identifiable. This type of information includes, but is not exclusive to the type of internet browser you are using, the type of computer operating system you are using, and the domain name of the website from which you linked to our site.
Use of cookies by this website
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit. They are widely used in order to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the site. The table below details cookie files that may be used within this website.
CookiePurposeMore Information
Google Analytics
These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our site. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the site. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, where visitors have come to the site from and the pages they visited.
Google privacy statement
Most web browsers allow some control of most cookies through the browser settings. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit www.allaboutcookies.org.
Information specific to Google Analytics cookies can be found in the next section, including tools to prevent Google Analytics using cookies and tracking your site usage.
Use of cookies by this website
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyse how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser. However, please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
To opt out of being tracked by Google analytics across all websites visit http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout. Compatible with Chrome, Internet Explorer 8-11, Safari, Firefox and Opera.
Latest Resources
Remote Working Guidance
Operation Centre Outsourcing
Incident Response
Cyber Security Review
Sign Up
Sign Up For the Latest News, Briefings & Announcements
ISO 27001
PCI DSS
Testing
Events
Incident Response
GDPR
Cyber Essentials
24/7 Security
Cloud Security
To understand how ECSC Group plc may use your email address, please view our policy on Privacy and Cookies by clicking here
Related Reading
PROTECT
The ECSC PROTECT division delivers outsourced cyber security management and threat intelligence, from our PCI DSS certified Security Operations Centre (SOC).
View
Assure
The ECSC ASSURE division provides a wide range of consultancy and testing services including PCI DSS and ISO 27001 certification services.
View
Labs
The ECSC LABS division is our technical centre of excellence (COE), focused on the development and evaluation of cyber security technologies.
View
ECSC Group plc
ECSC has almost two decades' experience in the design, implementation and management of IT security solutions.
Reg No. 3964848
VAT No. 746361914
Quick Links
About
Terms of Use
Privacy & Cookie Policy
Sitemap
Accessibility
Contact
28 Campus Road
Listerhills Science Park
Bradford
BD7 1HR
United Kingdom
+44 (0) 1274 736 223
info@ecsc.co.uk
Popular Reading
Hacking the Human
The Finance Director's Perspective
Designing a Testing Programme
PCI DSS - A guide to self-assessment