http://www.likno.com/privacy.html
Quality Software for Web Professionals
Login
Likno Web Builders Collection
8 desktop applications for creating any type of website UI: menus (CSS or JavaScript, drop-down or sliding), buttons, modal windows, sliders, scrollers, tabs, accordions, tooltips, trees, slideshows and more!
See Also:
AllWebMenus 5Professional
Likno WebButton Maker
Drop-DownMenu Trees
Web ModalWindows Builder
Web TooltipsBuilder
Web AccordionBuilder
Web TabsBuilder
Web ScrollerBuilder
Photo FrameShow
Save time
No Code - WYSIWYGRich UI - For All BrowsersAny Editor - Any CMS
Privacy Policy
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy Statement
General
Likno Software respects the privacy of every individual who visits our Web site. This privacy policy outlines the information Likno Software will collect and how we will use that information. This statement also will instruct you on what to do if you do not want your personal information collected or shared when you visit Likno Software Web site or respond to our advertisements.
Individually Identifiable Information
Likno Software will not collect any individually identifiable information about you such as your name, address, telephone number, or email address unless you provide it to us voluntarily.
If you do not want your individually identifiable information collected, please do not submit it to us. If you have already submitted this information and would like us to remove it from our records, please contact us at the e-mail address or phone number listed at the bottom of this policy. We will use delete your information from our existing files.
When you do provide us with individually identifiable information, we may use that information in the following ways unless stated otherwise: we may store and process it to better understand your needs and how we can improve our products and services and we may use it to contact you.
Children
Likno Software has no intention of collecting any individually identifiable information such as name, address, telephone number, or e-mail address from individuals under the age of 13. Where appropriate, Likno Software will specifically instruct children not to submit such information on our Web site or in response to advertisements. If a child has provided us with individually identifiable information, that child's parent or guardian should contact us at the e-mail address or phone number listed at the bottom of this policy if they would like this information deleted from our records.
Non-Individually Identifiable Information Collected Automatically
In some cases, we may collect information about you that is not individually identifiable. Examples of this type of information include the type of Internet browser you are using, the type of computer operating system you are using and the domain name of the Web site from which you linked to our site or advertisement.
Information We May Place Automatically On Your Computer's Hard Drive
We may place a "cookie" on the hard drive of the visitor's computer through his or her Web browser. Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that enable the systems used by the website operator who places the cookie to recognize the visitor's browser. In connection with certain features of our services, like the Likno User Area, we use cookies in order to determine whether and when a "cookied" Web browser is used to return to our site after a prior visit. The cookies we currently use permit us to determine when a browser is used to make repeat visits or clickthroughs to a website, but do not permit us to determine the identity of any user of that browser or gather any other personally identifiable information about that user, such as postal address, email address, phone number, social security number or any credit card number. We may use additional cookies in the future. Please refer to your browser instructions or help screen to learn more about these functions.
Storage Of Individual Information
Likno Software stores the Individual Information in a database on company computers. Our computers have security measures (such as a firewall) in place to protect against the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under Likno Software's control. Notwithstanding such measures, we cannot guarantee that its security measures will prevent Likno Software computers from being illegally accessed, and the Individual Information on them stolen or altered.
Use Of Individual Information
Likno Software uses Individual Information to provide promotional offers by email to individuals. We may maintain separate email lists for different purposes. If email recipients wish to end their email subscription from a particular list, they need to follow the instructions on their Likno User Area or send an email at support@likno.com with their request.
Dissemination Of Individual Information
A. Sale to Third Parties
LIKNO SOFTWARE WILL NEVER SELL INDIVIDUAL INFORMATION TO THIRD PARTIES FOR ANY PURPOSE.
B. Order Fulfillment
Likno Software will transfer Individual Information to third parties when necessary to provide a product or service that a person orders from such third party while using Likno Software web sites or when responding to offers provided by Likno Software.
Links
The Websites and email messages sometimes contain hypertext links to the web sites of third parties. Likno Software is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such other web sites.
Legal Process
Likno Software may disclose Individual Information to respond to subpoenas, court orders, and other legal process.
More Information
If you have questions about this policy, please contact us at support@likno.com. WE RESERVE THE RIGHT TO UPDATE THIS POLICY FROM TIME TO TIME, WITHOUT NOTICE SO YOU SHOULD REVIEW THIS POLICY FREQUENTLY.
All Likno Products
Likno Web Builders Collection
AllWebMenus
Web Modal Windows Builder (jQuery)
Web Tooltips
Builder (jQuery)
Web Tabs Builder
(jQuery)
Web Accordion
Builder (jQuery)
Web Scroller
Builder (jQuery)
Web Button
Maker
Drop-Down
Menu Trees
Photo
Frame Show
Custom Project
Services
Client Testimonials
"For over 5 years, the Likno Products have been ones of our most trusted web development tools. With excellent support and regular updates."
David Shipston
Big Pig Design
"Best menu creator tool out there! But best of all is their support! Friendly, knowledgeable, super to work with, and always keeping up with new technology. I wouldn't go anyplace else!"
Pat Callahan
Triple C Design
"We are web developers and simply love your products. You do a superb job of updating them on a regular basis and they always work!"
Tatijana Untulis
XclaimDesign.com
more testimonials
Awarded as top software by several reviewers
more awards
Warning:
Cannot modify header information - headers already sent by (output started at /usr/home/frames/public_html/likno/header.php:11) in /usr/home/frames/public_html/likno/blog/wp-content/plugins/allwebmenus-wordpress-menu-plugin/wp-session-manager-master/includes/class-wp-session.php on line 129
All Products
Likno Web Builders Collection (jQuery)
AllWebMenus Pro
Web Modal Windows Builder
Web Tooltips Builder
Web Tabs Builder
Web Accordion Builder
Web Scroller Builder
Web Button Maker
Drop-Down Menu Trees
Photo Frame Show
Company
About us
Contact us
Affiliates
Resellers
Stay Connected
Professional DHTML menu / JavaScript menu solutions. Drop-Down menu creation by AllWebMenus.
2000-2020 © Likno Software Inc. ALL Rights Reserved.
Privacy Policy | Terms of Service