http://www.gladworks.com/privacy-policy
Loading...
Services
Services
Advertising
Branding
Creative
Online
Social
Mobile
Agency
Agency
Our Team
Our Clients
Work
Blog
Contact
Contact Us
Careers
Online Payments
Search
Search form
Privacy Policy
Home / Privacy Policy
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personal information we receive from visitors of this website. We use your personal information only to improve our website. By using the website, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. 	Information CollectionWhile using our website, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to your name. 	Log DataLike many website operators, we collect information that your web browser sends whenever you visit our website. This log data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol ("IP") address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our website that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics. This website utilizes Google Analytics to collect, monitor and analyze data supplied by the web browser. The data collected cannot be used to personally identify a visitor. 	CommunicationsWe may use your email address, business address or phone number to contact you with newsletters, marketing, or promotional materials. GLAD WORKS will not contact you through these channels unless you have specifically given us this information through one of our website forms. GLAD WORKS will not sell your information to a third party company. All emails are sent with an option to unsubscribe in the email. 	CookiesCookies are files with small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your computer's hard drive. Like many sites, we use "cookies" to collect information. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. 	SecurityThe security of your personal information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. 	Online PaymentsPayments made on gladworks.com will be immediately encrypted and sent to a trusted third party payment processor. Gladworks.com does not store any sensitive payment data. 	Changes To This Privacy PolicyThis privacy policy will remain in effect except with respect to any changes in its provisions in the future, which will be in effect immediately after being posted on this page. We reserve the right to update or change our privacy policy at any time and you should check this privacy policy periodically. Your continued use of the gladworks.com website after we post any modifications to the privacy policy on this page will constitute your acknowledgment of the modifications and your consent to abide and be bound by the modified privacy policy. If we make any material changes to this privacy policy, we will notify you either through the email address you have provided us, or by placing a prominent notice on our website. 	Contact UsIf you have any questions about this privacy policy, please contact us.
© GLAD WORKS INC 2019.545 Pawtucket Ave Studio C208Pawtucket RI 02860401.724.4523Privacy Policy | ContactExplore the Possibilities