http://www.dekart.com/store/privacy_policy
info@dekart.com
OUR COMPANY
Our Philosophy
Certification
Pressroom
OUR SOLUTIONS
Card Management
Encryption
Authentication
Dekart RSA Cryptoprovider
Integrated
Solutions
Security Hardware
Developer Tools
DOWNLOAD
BUY ON-LINE
Special offers
Shipping rates
Shopping FAQ
Returns and Refunds
Privacy Notice
Conditions of Use
CONTACT US
Support
Amazon
Missing Registration
Request Formal Quote
Frequently Asked Questions
Knowledge Base
Device compatibility
Intervention
Partner Program
OUR BLOG
Privacy Notice
Dekart Privacy Notice
Dekart respects your privacy
Thank you for taking your time to read our Privacy Notice (for the full text of Dekart.com Privacy Policy click here). This notice applies to information collected by us, or provided by you, when browsing this web site or purchasing our products. This information is used to improve the web site, as well as for statistical and research purposes.
What information we collect
When you choose to send us a completed electronic form that includes your personal details, we may need a part of your personal information, such as:
your name, phone number, email address, and contact preferences;
information
about the Dekart products you own, such as their registration numbers and date
of purchase;
information
relating to a support or service issue.
Without these details it would be difficult (or impossible) for you to purchase products, have products delivered to you, receive customer service, provide us feedback or access certain services and content on this web site.
We will never disclose the information collected from you to any third-party.
Receiving newsletters
Receiving newsletters from Dekart is a solely opt-in issue, you are free to choose to subscribe or unsubscribe from this service. If you do not want Dekart to keep you up to date with latest news, software releases and the latest details about our products and services, follow the unsubscribe instructions (offered in each issue of the newsletter).
Contact us
If you have any concerns or questions about this privacy statement, you can contact us
anytime, we would be glad to assist you.
Are you sure your private data is protected? 87 percent of consumers have left their personal information exposed while accessing emails, bank accounts or financial information.
I want to protect my data
Contact Us to Get the Solution
Sign up to our newsletter
First Name
Last Name
Email
Subject
Message
Thank you for contacting us.We will get back to you as soon as possible Oops, there was an error sending your message.Please try again later
For Amazon Customers Missing Registration HowTo FAQ Support
Request Formal Quote Partner Program Our Resellers Privacy Policy Sitemap
Phone (+373 22) 604-290(+1 321) 549-5415(+44 845) 1546-221
Technical inquiries: support@dekart.comBusiness and sales: sales@dekart.comMarketing proposals: marketing@dekart.com
Follow Us
Copyright 1995-2019 Dekart, Make IT Secure!
Share by: