http://www.hiresuccess.com/company/legal/cookie-policy
Employment Tests
Employment Tests
The Hire Success® pre-employment testing system can help you find the right candidate for the job.
Learn more
Employment Testing Overview
The Hire Success® pre-employment testing system can help you find the right candidate for the job.
Personality Test
Identify the right personalities for the job.
Integrity Test
Hire the most trustworthy and honest applicants.
Aptitude and Skills Tests
Confirm applicants can perform well on the job.
Custom Test Builder
Design your own custom aptitude and skills tests.
What is Hire Success?
What Is Hire Success?
We offer a set of tried-and-true products to ensure that you're testing what's applicable and appropriate for each job.
View overview
An overview of Hire Success
We offer a set of tried-and-true products to ensure that you're testing what's applicable and appropriate for each job.
How to use Hire Success®
Create Job Baselines
Conduct Better Interviews
Improve Employee Retention
Reduce Business Expenses
Support Management Relationships
Features
Create Hiring Campaigns
Prevent Cheating
Share Reports
Create a Branded Job Site
Resources
Resources
Learn more about pre-employment testing, how best to use our system, and ways to improve your hiring and management practices.
View overview
Guide to Employment Testing
Proper Use of Employment Testing
Is Employment Testing Legal?
Pre-Employment Test Validation
Interviewer's Guide
The 4 Personality Types
Secondary Personality Types
Trait Scales
Hire Success® Blog
Pricing
Get a Demo
Free Trial
Policies and procedures
We’re committed to keeping your data secure, your private information private, and being transparent about our practices as a business.
Contents
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Security Policy
Cookie Policy
List of subprocessors
Cookie Policy
If your browser is configured to accept cookies, we may collect non-personally identifiable information passively using "cookies" and "page tags".
Effective Date: May 25, 2018
What's a cookie?
"Cookies" are small text files that can be placed on your computer or mobile device in order to identify your Web browser and the activities of your computer on the Hire Success® Service and other websites.
What's a page tag?
"Page tags," also known as web beacons or gif tags, are a web technology used to help track website or email usage information, such as how many times a specific page or email has been viewed. Page tags are invisible to you, and any portion of the Hire Success® Service, including advertisements, or e-mail sent on our behalf, may contain page tags.
Does Hire Success® use cookies, and why?
Yes. We use cookies to personalize your experience on the Hire Success® websites (such as dynamically generating content on webpages specifically designed for you), to assist you in using the Hire Success® Service (such as saving time by not having to reenter your name each time you use the Hire Success® Service), to allow us to statistically monitor how you are using the Hire Success® Service so that we can improve our offerings, and to target certain advertisements to your browser which may be of interest to you or to determine the popularity of certain content. By using cookies and page tags together, we are able to improve the Hire Success® Service and measure the effectiveness of our advertising and marketing campaigns.
Please be aware that this cookie policy does not govern the use of third-party websites or services or providers of third-party services.
Do I have to accept them?
You do not have to accept cookies to use the Hire Success® Service. If you reject cookies, certain features or resources of the Hire Success® websites may not work properly or at all and you may have a degraded experience.
Although most browsers are initially set to accept cookies, you can change your browser settings to notify you when you receive a cookie or to reject cookies generally. To learn more about how to control privacy settings and cookie management, click the link for your browser below.
Firefox
Chrome
Internet Explorer
Safari
To learn more about cookies; how to control, disable or delete them, please visit http://www.aboutcookies.org. Some third party advertising networks, like Google, allow you to opt out of or customize preferences associated with your internet browsing. For more information on how Google lets you customize these preferences, see their documentation.
Back to top
By using Hire Success®, you agree to our Cookie Policy.Accept