https://www.ocssolutions.com/privacy.html
Home
About
Services
Web Hosting
Secure E-Mail
Development Services
Server Administration
Consulting
AWS Consulting
Debian Consulting
DevOps Consulting
Blockchain Consulting
FAQ
Blog
My Account
Contact
OCS Solutions Privacy Statement
OCSSOLUTIONS.COM has compiled this privacy statement along with their terms of service in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for this web site: OCSSOLUTIONS.COM
The information we collect is used to improve the content of our Web page, notify consumers about updates to our website, price discounts, etc. The information we collect is ABSOLUTELY NOT shared with other organizations for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you supply us with your or a friend's email address, home address, phone#, etc., they will only be used for YOUR INTENDED PURPOSE ONLY.
We Respect Your Privacy
And we mean it. Rather than have a complex privacy policy, we've simplified it into this easy-to-read policy. If you have any questions, please contact us. We'll be glad to help.
We Do Not Share Your Data
We protect your personal data and do not share it with anyone unless required to do so to provide you service or if required by US law.
Data Shared to Provide Service
If we host your site, your files will be stored on servers based in the US (or in countries of your choosing).
If you register a domain with us, we must share your data with our registrar provider and with ICANN. If you do not purchase private registration, your WHOIS information provided during registration may be publicly visible.
Access To Your Data
As long as your account is in good standing, you will have access to your data for export or backup whenever you wish. We use industry standard formats for easy migration. Your data will NOT be trapped with us.
Cancellation
If you cancel your service, your data and its backups will be deleted.
Private Information We Collect:
A.) E-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail and/or order OCS Solutions.
B.) Information volunteered by the consumer when an order is placed such as name, address, phone#, etc.
Automatically Logged Information:
Our web server automatically detects each visitors IP, web browser type and user's country of origin.
Cookies:
We do not utilize web cookies at all. These are small digital signature files that are stored by your web browser that allow your preferences to be recorded when visiting a website. Also they may be used to track your return visits to that same website.
Choice/Opt-Out:
If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending a blank message with the word "remove" in the subject area to: support@ocstech.com
Data Quality/Access:
We provide customers the option to review, change or modify previously provided information maintained by us. This includes financials such as credit card numbers, addresses, phone#s, etc. Please send your correspondence to: support@ocstech.com
Security:
In order to prevent unauthorized access, as well as data accuracy maintenance, and correct information usage, we have set up suitable physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect on-line. All transactions are run through regularly maintained encrypted pathways. The site and the software utilize security measures to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of information.
Ad Servers:
We do not partner with or have any relationships with any ad server companies.
Contacting the Web Site:
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the site practices and your own dealings, or if you feel that we do not follow our stated privacy policy, please contact us at: support@ocstech.com
Have Questions For OCS Solutions? We're glad to help!
Contact Us
We Accept Cards, PayPal & Most Digital Crypto-Currency
We accept all forms of credit, debit, pre-paid and gift cards. We also convenitently accept most forms of digital crypto-currency such as Bitcon, Ethereum, Dash and more.
We Accept Checks & Purchase Orders
Personal checks, company checks and purchase orders are gladly accepted. Purchase orders and NET term arrangements are subject to approval. Cash may be sent securely to our physical address.