http://www.redwood.com/privacy-policy
This website uses cookies, some are essential while others help us offer a personalized browsing experience. By continuing to browse you consent to our use of cookies. View our Cookie Policy or Cookie Settings.
Got it
Your Privacy
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Performance Cookies
Targeting Cookies
More Information
Cookie Preference Center
Your Privacy
Always Active
When you visit any web site, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences, your device or used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information
does not usually identify you directly, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. You can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings.
However, you should know that blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience on the site and the services we are able to offer.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences,
logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site may not work then.
Cookies used
Google Tag Manager
Performance Cookies
Inactive
Active
Always Active
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources, so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information
these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies, we will not know when you have visited our site.
Cookies used
Google Analytics
Targeting Cookies
Inactive
Active
Always Active
These cookies are set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant ads on other sites. They work by uniquely identifying your browser and device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will not experience our targeted advertising across different websites.
Cookies used
Google / DoubleClick
LinkedIn
Facebook
Pardot
Save Settings
Allow All
Solutions
WORKLOAD AUTOMATION
Give IT full flexibility with managed cloud-based job scheduling.
FINANCE AUTOMATION
Eliminate repetitive manual tasks across your ERP. Boost back-office efficiency.
REPORT DISTRIBUTION
Deliver business-critical reports when, where and how they’re needed.
RUNMYJOBS OVERVIEW
Automation as SaaS
Event-Driven Process Automation
Proactive Workload Monitoring
AUTOMATE ANYTHING ANYWHERE
Managed File Transfer
DevOps
Data Warehouse Management
Infrastructure Management
Incident Management
Security Management
Application Management
FINANCE AUTOMATION OVERVIEW
Record to Report
-  Journal Entry
-  Intercompany
-  Financial Close Checklist
-  Balance Sheet Reconciliation
Order to Cash
Procure to Pay
Asset Accounting
REPORT DISTRIBUTION OVERVIEW
DISCOVER YOUR POTENTIAL
Identify strengths, risk and opportunities with our Workload Automation self-assessment.
Take assessment
Services
Migration Services
Redwood can help you modernize to RunMyJobs with low effort, time and risk.
ActiveBatch Migration
BMC Control-M Migration
Broadcom/CA Migration
CA AutoSys Migration
IBM TWS Migration
Stonebranch Migration
Tidal Migration
Services & Consulting
Our experts can help you get the most from your automation solutions.
Services & Consulting Overview
Health Check
Improve performance across your business processes with an assessment and best-practices advice from our automation experts.
Read more
Customers
Partners
Company
ABOUT US
A word from our CEO about what makes us different.
CAREERS
Open positions and what it’s like at Redwood.
SUPPORT
How our experts can help you, whatever the issue.
BLOG
Latest points of view across automation.
EVENTS
Where you can find us at upcoming events.
NEWSROOM
Our latest media coverage and blogs.
CONTACT US
We’re here for you, wherever you are.
RESOURCES
Insights from customers and Redwood experts
Careers
We believe in the potential, ambition and innovation of our people. Take a look at life at Redwood.
Watch now
Login
Careers
Support
Login
Contact us
Privacy Policy
Effective date: May 08, 2018
Redwood International Business Group B.V. and its affiliates ("us", "we", or "our") operate the redwood.com, runmyjobs.com, report2web.com and robotics.cloud websites (the "Services").
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Services and the choices you have associated with that data.
We use your data to provide and improve the Services. By using the Services, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, accessible from http://www.redwood.com
Definitions
Personal Data
Personal Data means data about a living individual who can be identified from those data (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession).
Usage Data
Usage Data is data collected automatically either generated by the use of the Services or from the Services infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
Cookies
Cookies are small pieces of data stored on a User’s device, and collect information about the pages you visit and also other information about other websites you visit, so as to place you in a "market segment". This information is collected by reference to the cookie or other identifier . This may result in you seeing adverts for our products or other products you may be interested in when visiting other websites or apps. We partner with Facebook for this retargeting.
Data Controller
Data Controller means a person who (either alone or jointly with other persons) determines the purposes for which and the manner in which any personal data are, or are to be, processed.
For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, we are a Data Controller of your data.
Data Processor (or Services Provider)
Data Processor (or Services Provider) means any person (other than an employee of the Data Controller) who processes the data on behalf of the Data Controller.
We may use the Services of various Services Providers in order to process your data more effectively.
Data Subject
Data Subject is any living individual who is the subject of Personal Data.
User
The User is the individual using our Services. The User corresponds to the Data Subject, who is the subject of Personal Data.
Information Collection and Use
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Services to you.
Types of Data Collected
Personal Data
While using our Services, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Data"). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
Email address
First name and last name
Job Title
Company name
Phone number
Address, State, Province, ZIP/Postal code, City
Cookies and Usage Data
We may use your Personal Data to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you. You may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe link or instructions provided in email we send or by contacting us.
Usage Data
We may also collect information how the Services is accessed and used ("Usage Data"). This Usage Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Services that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
Location Data
We may use and store information about your location if you give us permission to do so (“Location Data”). We use this data to provide features of our Services, to improve and customize our Services.
You can enable or disable location Services when you use our Services at any time, through your device settings.
Tracking Cookies Data
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Services and hold certain information.
Cookies are files with small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Tracking technologies also used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our Services.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Services.
Examples of Cookies we use:
Session Cookies. We use Session Cookies to operate our Services.
Preference Cookies. We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.
Security Cookies. We use Security Cookies for security purposes.
Use of Data
We use the collected data for various purposes:
To provide and maintain our Services
To notify you about changes to our Services
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Services when you choose to do so
To provide customer support
To gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our Services
To monitor the usage of our Services
To detect, prevent and address technical issues
To provide you with news, special offers and general information about other goods, Services and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about unless you have opted not to receive such information.
Retention of Data
We will retain your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.
We will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of our Services, or we are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.
Transfer of Data
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside Europe and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to Europe and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.
Disclosure of Data
Legal Requirements
We may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith and belief that such action is necessary to:
To comply with a legal obligation
To protect and defend the rights or property of Redwood International Business Group B.V. and its affiliates
To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Services
To protect the personal safety of users of the Services or the public
To protect against legal liability
Security of Data
The security of your data is important to us but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use all acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
"Do Not Track" Signals
We do not support Do Not Track ("DNT"). Do Not Track is a preference you can set in your web browser to inform websites that you do not want to be tracked.
Your Rights
We aim to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete, or limit the use of your Personal Data.
Whenever made possible, you can update your Personal Data directly within your account settings section. If you are unable to change your Personal Data, please contact us to make the required changes.
If you wish to be informed what Personal Data we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please contact us.
In certain circumstances, you have the right:
To access and receive a copy of the Personal Data we hold about you
To rectify any Personal Data held about you that is inaccurate
To request the deletion of Personal Data held about you
You have the right to data portability for the information you provide to us. You can request to obtain a copy of your Personal Data in a commonly used electronic format so that you can manage and move it.
Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests.
Services Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Services ("Service Providers"), to provide the Services on our behalf, to perform Services-related Services or to assist us in analyzing how our Services is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Analytics
We may use third-party Services Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Services.
Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a web analytics Services offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Services. This data is shared with other Google Services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
You can opt-out of having made your activity on the Services available to Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on. The add-on prevents the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js, analytics.js, and dc.js) from sharing information with Google Analytics about visits activity.
For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy Terms web page: http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
Links to Other Sites
Our Services may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third-party sites or Services.
Children's Privacy
Our Services does not address anyone under the age of 13 ("Children").
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Child has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we will take steps to remove that information from our servers.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let you know via a prominent notice on our Services, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "effective date" at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us by email: privacy@redwood.com
Solutions
Finance Automation
» Record to Report
» Asset Accounting
» Procure to Pay
» Order to Cash
Workload Automation
» Automation as SaaS
» Event-Driven Process Automation
» Proactive Workload Monitoring
» Automate Anything Anywhere
Company
About Us
Services
Partners
Customers
Careers
Support
Contact Us
Blog
Events
Newsroom
Resources
AUTOMATE TO BE HUMAN™
©
All Rights Reserved  |
Terms of Service  |
Trust  |
Policies  |
Cookies  |
Impressum
SOLUTION LOGIN
RunMyJobs
(WORKLOAD AUTOMATION)
FinanceAutomation
SUPPORT PORTAL LOGIN
Register
Login
Forgot Password?