http://www.sumico.net/index.php/privacy-policy
Home
Services
More
Graphic Design
Web Design
Search Engine Optimisation
Domain Name / Hosting
Photography
Portfolio
Blog
About us
More
Testimonials
Japanese
RSS
Contact us
You are here: Home/Privacy Policy
Print
Email
Privacy Policy
Details
Written by Sumiko Eyears
Created: 25 September 2013
Your privacy
This is Sumico Net's website. We are committed to protecting user privacy. We understand that visitors and users of this website are concerned about their privacy, and the confidentiality and security of any information that is provided.
Information collected on Sumico Net's website
Unless you specifically tell us, we will never know who you are. When you visit our website our Internet Service Provider's standard web logs record anonymous information for statistical purposes only, including:
the type of browser you are using
your traffic patterns through our site such as:
the date and time of your visit to the site
the pages you accessed and documents downloaded
the previous page you visited prior to accessing our site
the Internet address of the server accessing our site
access to information collected.
No attempt is or will be made to identify your personal details except in the event of an investigation when a law enforcement agency may exercise a warrant to inspect the Internet Service Provider's logs.
Email
We will not disclose these details to third parties without your consent, unless required by law. We will disclose your email details to the relevant authorities if necessary to protect the safety of the public or to protect the rights and property of Sumico Net.Our Internet Service Provider may monitor email traffic for system trouble shooting and maintenance purposes only.
Security
This site does not provide facilities for securely transmitting information across the Internet. We recognise that there can be risks with transmitting information across the Internet.This site contains links to non-Sumico Net's web sites. We not responsible for the privacy or security practices or the content of such web sites.
Contact
If you have any question about this matter, please do not hesitate to contact us.
< Prev
Latest News:
Web Design Portfolio | Diggers Services Club in Logan
Diggers Services Club is located in Logan city.  They offer dining, live entertainment, bingo game,...
Read more...
Portfolio | Japanese Restaurant Menu Brisbane
Kadoya Japanese Restaurant Menu Designed by Sumico Net
Kadoya Japanese Restaurant is a popular...
Tutorial | How to Create a "Call to Action" button to Facebook
Have you installed "Call to Action" to your Facebook page already?
Facebook introduced "Call to...
Renewing your website to a Responsive website
Responsive Web Design Brisbane for FurryKids@Home
FurryKids at Home is a pet care services in...
Read more...
Google Partners Masterclass
I attended Google Partners Masterclass program in Brisbane on the 5th of August.
Google Australia...
Previous
Next
Our Serivce
Web DesignGraphic DesignSearch Engine OptimisationDomain Name / Web hostingPrivacy PolicyResourcesSitemap
Subscribe to Sumico News