http://www.authpro.com/policy.shtml
Toggle navigation
Account
Demo
Features
Contact us
Help
FAQ
Setup tips
Contact us
About us
Sign In
X
Account Manager
Lost Username or Password?
Don't Have an Account? - Signup Now!
Enter
Cancel
Privacy Policy
About Us
This is a privacy policy for authpro.com.
Our homepage on the Web is located at
http://www.authpro.com.
The full text of our privacy policy is available on the Web at
http://www.authpro.com/policy.shtml
We invite you to contact us if you have questions about this policy.
You may contact us by e-mail at
support@authpro.com.
Dispute Resolution and Privacy Seals
We have no privacy seals or other assurance mechanisms.
Data Collection
P3P policies declare the data they collect in groups (also referred to as "statements").
This policy contains 2 data groups.
The data practices of each group will be explained seperately.
Group "Account Holders"
We collect the following information:
User's Name
User's Email
Transaction history
Unique identifiers
IP address
This data will be used for the following purposes:
Completion and support of the current activity.
Web site and system administration.
Detection if system abuse and fraudulent activity
This data will be used by authpro.com only. Authpro.com do not disclose any personal information collected on our site to any other third party.
The following explanation is provided for why this data is collected:
Information requested is required to create and manage authpro.com account.
Group "Account Members"
We collect the following information:
Unique identifiers
HTTP cookies
Transaction history
IP address
Visited pages URLs
Browser information
Any information entered in registration form
This data will be used for the following purposes:
Completion and support of the current activity.
This data will be used by authpro.com and account holder for this member. Most of this information will be available to Authpro account holder. Authpro.com do not disclose any personal information collected on our site to any other third party.
The following explanation is provided for why this data is collected:
Information requested from account members may vary per account. Authpro.com collects login,password(optional),email(optional),ip,set cookies,other information provided in member registration form.
Cookies
Cookies are a technology which can be used to provide you with tailored information from a Web site. A cookie is an element of data that a Web site can send to your browser, which may then store it on your system. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it.
Our site makes use of cookies.
Cookies are used for the following purposes:
Completing the user's current activity
We use cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. Learn more
Got it!