http://www.tummy.com/company/privacy-policy.html
tummy.com, ltd.
Solutions
Overview
System Administration
Supported Technologies
Cloud Architecture
Products/Software
Order
About Us
Contracts
Hosting
Overview
Managed
Virtual
Consulting
Community
Overview
Software
Articles
Presentations
Blogs
Jobs
Contact sales
tummy.com, ltd.
Your Linux Data Center Experts
Subscribe to our blog feed
Privacy Policy StatementThis is the web site of tummy.com, ltd..
Our postal address is
5400 Fossil Court North
Fort Collins, Colorado, 80525
We can be reached via e-mail at info@tummy.com
or you can reach us by telephone at (970) 494-0355
For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes IP Address and domain name (where possible).We
collect only the domain name, but not the e-mail address of visitors to
our Web page, the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via
e-mail, aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit,
information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information
and/or site registrations.
The information we collect is used for internal review and is then
discarded, used to improve the content of our Web page, used to
customize the content and/or layout of our page for each individual
visitor, not shared with other organizations for commercial purposes.
With respect to cookies: We use cookies to store visitors
preferences, record session information, such as items that consumers
add to their shopping cart, record user-specific information on what
pages users access or visit, record past activity at a site in order to
provide better service when visitors return to our site , customize Web
page content based on visitors' browser type or other information that
the visitor sends.
If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please
let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address, calling us at
the above telephone number, writing to us at the above address.
From time to time, we make the e-mail addresses of those who access
our site available to other reputable organizations whose products or
services we think you might find interesting. If you do not want us to
share your e-mail address with other companies or organizations, please
let us know by calling us at the number provided above, e-mailing us at
the above address, writing to us at the above address.
From time to time, we make our customer e-mail list available
to other reputable organizations whose products or services we think
you might find interesting. If you do not want us to share your e-mail
address with other companies or organizations, please let us know by
calling us at the number provided above, e-mailing us at the above
address, writing to us at the above address.
If you supply us with your postal address on-line you may receive
periodic mailings from us with information on new products and services
or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please
let us know by calling us at the number provided above, e-mailing us at
the above address, writing to us at the above address.
you may receive mailings from other reputable companies. You can,
however, have your name put on our do-not-share list by calling us at
the number provided above, e-mailing us at the above address, writing
to us at the above address.
Please provide us with your exact name and address. We will be sure
your name is removed from the list we share with other organizations Persons
who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line will only receive
telephone contact from us with information regarding orders they have
placed on-line.
Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line
may receive telephone contact from us with information regarding new
products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive
such telephone calls, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the
above address, calling us at the above telephone number, writing to us
at the above address.
Please provide us with your name and phone number. We will be sure your
name is removed from the list we share with other organizations With respect to Ad Servers: We do not partner with or have special relationships with any ad server companies.
From
time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated
uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information
practices change at some time in the future we will contact you before
we use your data for these new purposes to notify you of the policy
change and to provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses.
Customers may prevent their information from being used for purposes
other than those for which it was originally collected by calling us at
the number provided above, e-mailing us at the above address, writing
us at the above address.
Upon request we provide site visitors with access to a description of information that we maintain about them.
Consumers can access this information by e-mail us at the above
address, write to us at the above address, writing to us at the above
address.
Consumers can have this information corrected by sending us e-mail at
the above address, calling us at the above telephone number, writing to
us at the above address.
With respect to security: We always use industry-standard encryption
technologies when transferring and receiving consumer data exchanged
with our site, We have appropriate security measures in place in our
physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration
of information that we have collected from you at our site.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information
policy, you may contact us at the above addresses or phone number.
Version 2004-07-08