http://www.dataduplication.co.uk/privacy-policy
Call: 01296 621121 or contact our sales team
Visit the Avatu site
Login
Digital Forensics brought to you by
Follow us on:
Toggle navigation
HomeBrandsHardwareSoftwareTrainingContactAbout us
Search our products page:
You are here › Home › Privacy Policy
Product Category
Forensic Hardware
Forensic Software
Accessories
Categories
Brands
Privacy Policy
Privacy and cookies
We are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. This privacy policy and the conditions of use sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us.
Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it.
For the purpose of European Union data protection legislation, we (as defined and detailed in this website - our site) are the data controller.
Information we may collect from you
We may collect and process the following data about you:
Information that you provide by filling in forms on our site. This includes information provided at the time of registering to use our site, subscribing to our service, posting material or requesting further services. We may also ask you for information when you enter a competition or promotion sponsored by us, and when you report a problem with our site
If you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence
We may also ask you to complete surveys that we use for research purposes, although you do not have to respond to them
Details of transactions you carry out through our site and of the fulfilment of your orders
Details of your visits to our site including, but not limited to, traffic data, location data, weblogs and other communication data, whether this is required for our own billing purposes or otherwise and the resources that you access
IP addresses
We may collect information about your computer, including where available your IP address, operating system and browser type, for system administration and to report aggregate information to our advertisers. This is statistical data about our users' browsing actions and patterns, and does not identify any individual.
Cookies
Our site uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and also allows us to improve our site. For detailed information on the cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them see our cookie policy.
Where we store your personal data
When we use your information as described in this privacy policy, this may occasionally involve sending your information around the world (and in particular where you are located within the European Economic Area (EEA), this includes sending it outside the EEA). By providing us with your personal information, you agree that we may transfer, store and process your information in this manner.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we employ security measures designed to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our Site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
Uses made of the information
We use information held about you in the following ways:
To ensure that content from our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.
To provide you with information, products or services that you request from us or which we feel may interest you, where you have consented to be contacted for such purposes.
To carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us.
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so.
To notify you about changes to our service.
Disclosure of your information
We may disclose your personal information to:
Any member of our group of companies (our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries);
Data processing companies, mailing houses and other third parties working on our behalf (whether directly or indirectly).
We may disclose your personal information to third parties:
In the event that we sell or buy any business, assets or shares, in which case we may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business, assets or shares.
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our terms and conditions; or to protect our rights, property, or safety, or those of our customers or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Every now and again, requests are received for information from government departments, the police and other enforcement agencies. If this happens, and there is a proper legal basis for providing your information, it will be provided to the organisation asking for it.
Access to information
Data protection legislation gives you the right to access information held about you. Your right of access can be exercised in accordance with the law. Any access request may be subject to a fee of £10 to meet our costs in providing you with details of the information we hold about you.
Changes to our privacy policy
This privacy policy may be updated from time to time so you may want to check it each time you visit our site.
Contact
Please contact us using the details shown on our site if you have any questions, comments or requests regarding this privacy policy.
Any questions?
If the information on these pages doesn't answer all your questions, you might find the answer here.
Visit our FAQ section ›
Let us help
We've designed this site to make it easier for you to buy the things you need - any time, day or night. However, if you've got any questions or if you'd like to speak to one of our team, please just get in touch.
Contact our sales team ›
Need help for a larger project?
If you're working on a large or multi-facetted project, and you need more advice or help, please get in touch. Our teams can also help with your wider cyber and IT security challenges too.
Learn more at the Avatu site ›
Next working day delivery*
If you need your items urgently, we can arrange next working day delivery for many products.
*Shipments are currently affected by the ongoing crisis, and we are only able to ship items on Mondays and Wednesdays. If there is anything of critical
urgency outside of these days, please contact sales@avatu.co.uk and we will be happy to discuss.
Read more
›
Sign up to our newsletter
Stay up-to-date with all the latest news and information about computer and other digital forensic investigation tools. We'll let you know about new partnerships and products, new initiatives and developments that might help you do your job more efficiently and effectively.
×
Please create an account to apply or add to favourites
By creating an account, you can add your favourite items for easy purchase when you return.
Create Account
Terms and Conditions | Privacy Policy | Refunds Policy
© . The content on this website is owned by us and our licensors.
Do not copy any content (including images) without our consent.
Website Design and Digital Marketing by Urban Element