http://www.free-cgi.com/info/privacy
jump to main content
Home
Applications
Register
Customize
Manage
Source
Feedback
Reference
Promote
Privacy Policy
The Free-CGI.com Online Privacy Policy
The Free-CGI.com system is committed to maintaining your confidence and trust, and accordingly maintains the following privacy policy to protect personal information you provide online.
Basic Confidentiality Policy
It is Free-CGI.com policy that personal information, such as your name, postal and e-mail address or telephone number, is private and confidential. Accordingly, the personal information you provide is stored in a secure location, is accessible only by designated staff, and is used only for the purposes for which you provide the information, such
as to register or to customize an application.
If you also indicate that you would like to receive information about other Free-CGI.com programs and services, your personal information may be added to an appropriate Free-CGI.com mailing list.If at any time you change your mind and would like to add or remove your name from the Free-CGI.com's mailing list, or correct your personal information, please contact Free-CGI.
No Release of Information to Third Parties
Personal information will not be released to third parties
except to further the purpose for which you provide the information,
or if release is required by law or is pertinent to judicial or governmental
investigations or proceedings. There are no other circumstances under
which we will provide or sell personal information to third parties.
No Computer Tracking of Identifiable Information
Our computer is not set up to track, collect or distribute personal
information about its visitors. It does recognize the home server of
visitors, but not e-mail addresses. For example, we can tell which Internet
Service Provider our visitors use, but not the names, addresses or other
information about our visitors that would allow us to identify the particular
visitors to our sites. This information is used only for internal purposes
by Free-CGI.com technical support staff.
Our computer also recognizes the site where a visitor clicked to get to the Free-CGI.com website, but we cannot identify the visitor or the visitor's
address. Site information is used to confirm participation in the
Free-CGI.com referal program, and may be used to advise participants of the numbers
of visitors who come to the Free-CGI.com site from their websites.
No personal information is collected.
In addition, our website tracks information about the visits to our web site.
For example, we compile statistics that show the daily number of visitors to
our site, the daily requests we receive for particular files on our web site,
and what countries those requests come from. These aggregated statistics are
used internally to better provide services to the public and may also be
provided to others, but again, the statistics contain no personal information
and cannot be used to gather such information.
The Free-CGI.com system is not responsible for the privacy practices or
policies of participants in its various programs.
Free-CGI.com is updated on a daily basis. New
features and applications are added almost every day. Free-CGI.com is
always under construction. If you have any comments or suggestions,
please contact free-cgi. Thanks!
Donate $1 (or more) to Free-CGI
Amount:
Currency:
US Dollars
Canadian Dollars
Euros
Pound Sterling
Yen
Thanks!
| Free-CGI
| Applications
| Register
| Customize
| Manage
| Free-Code
| Reference
|
| YouTube
| Promote
| FAQ - Help
| Links
| Disclaimer
| Privacy
| Feedback
| About
|
| Facebook
| Twitter
| Google Plus
| YouTube
|
Copyright © 1995 - 2020 Free CGI. All rights reserved.