http://www.beacontechnologies.com/about/privacy.aspx
Skip to Main Site Navigation
Skip to Content
Skip to Footer
menu
close
High Contrast:
HIGH CONTRAST
ONOFF
search
Search
Higher Education
Multi-Family Residential
Retail & Wholesale
Small Businesses & Organizations
Managed IT Services
Our Work
Who We Are
Contact Us
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
LinkedIn
Blog
Contact Beacon for more information
36°05'15.0"N, 79°58'12.3"W
Copyright © 2020 Beacon Technologies, Inc. All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy
| Download Adobe Reader
| Site Map
| Careers
| Contact Us
336.232.5687 - Sales
336.232.5699 - Support
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
LinkedIn
Blog
Contact Beacon for more information
Privacy Policy
Web Traffic Data Collected
Through the use of cookie technology or otherwise, we may track and collect information about your computer and software when you visit our website and client websites. This information can include IP address, domain server, computer type, web browser type, access times and referring website addresses. This data is anonymous information that does not personally identify you. This data assists us to design and arrange web pages and to continually improve those sites to better meet the needs of our clients and prospective clients. We use cookies to improve the quality of our services, improving search results, ad selection and tracking user trends.
We employ cookie technology to store and sometimes track information about website visitors. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but browser settings can usually be changed to prevent the acceptance of cookies.
Use of Web Traffic Data
We may use traffic data to analyze trends, administer websites, track user movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use.
We may use traffic data to analyze trends, administer websites, track user movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. We may provide traffic data and/or other aggregate non-personally identifying information to third parties, including our affiliates, business partners and/or clients.
Back to Top