https://www.kidasa.com/cookie-policy
Cookies
To make this site work properly, we sometimes place small data files called cookies on your device. Most websites do this too.
What are cookies?
A cookie is a small text file that a website saves on your computer or mobile device when you visit the site. It enables the website to remember your actions and preferences (such as login, language, font size and other display preferences) over a period of time, so you don’t have to keep re-entering them whenever you come back to the site or browse from one page to another.
How do we use cookies?
Our site uses cookies to remember:
If you have already seen a pop-in newsletter sign up (so you don’t see it again)
If you’ve already been notified about our cookie policy
Also, some videos embedded in our pages use a cookie to anonymously gather statistics on how you got there and what videos you visited.
Enabling these cookies is not strictly necessary for the website to work but it will provide you with a better browsing experience. You can delete or block these cookies, but if you do that some features of this site may not work as intended.
The cookie-related information is not used to identify you personally and the pattern data is fully under our control. These cookies are not used for any purpose other than those described here.
The cookies we use
Cookie
mailmunch_shown_348124
mailmunch_second_pageview
viewed_cookie_policy
Type
persistent
persistent
persistent
Duration
1 year
1 year
1 year
Description
Remembers if you’ve seen the “Subscribe to newsletter” box
Used for tracking if you’ve seen a page already
Used for tracking if you’ve seen our Cookie Policy already
How to control cookies
You can control and/or delete cookies as you wish – for details, see aboutcookies.org. You can delete all cookies that are already on your computer and you can set most browsers to prevent them from being placed. If you do this, however, you may have to manually adjust some preferences every time you visit a site and some services and functionalities may not work.
Scroll to top
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. Accept Privacy PolicyPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.