http://www.tomdownload.com/internet/online_privacy/xoftspy_spyware_detection_removal_software.htm
Home | Site Map | Advertise | Help Desk | Bookmark | Cool!
New Releases |
Top Rated |
Most Popular |
Features and Reviews
Web
www.tomdownload.com
Search Downloads
Main
Categories
Audio
& MP3
Business
& Finance
Desktop
Enhancements
Games
Home
& Education
Internet
Tools
Multimedia
& Design
Software
Development
Utilities
Web
Authoring
Internet Tools
Browsers Software
Communications
Ftp software
Newsreaders
Tools
Utilities
Online
Privacy
Email Software
Download
Managers
Network Software
Optimizers/Diagnostics
Security/encryption
System
Utilities
Popular Categories
DVD Software
Photo to DVD Maker
Photo DVD Slide Shows
Speed Up Computer
Computer Clean Up
System Cleaner
Add Remove Program
Optimize Window XP
Spy Program
Spyware Removal Tool
Erase Internet History
Website Protector
Play Bejeweled Game
AVI to DVD Converter
AVI to MPEG Converter
MOV to AVI Converter
WMV to AVI Converter
WMV to MPG MPEG
RMVB XviD WMV to DVD
Tomdownload.Com >
Internet Tools >
Online Privacy-1
2
3
4
XoftSpy 4.21
The Latest and Most Advanced Adware, W32 Spybot, Malware, CWS, Trojans, Browser Hijackers, Spyware Detection and Removal software on the Internet !
XoftSpy XoftSpy detects and perfectly removes over 43,000 harmful, dangerous and likely unwanted applications. Detections include Adware, Spyware, Trojans, Worms, hijackers, toolbars, Keyloggers and many of the most prevalent and annoying viruses. XoftSpy will prevent anyone from
"spying" on your Internet activites. key functions include:
1. Remove Spyware, Adware;
2. Stop Pop-ups;
3. Kill Trojans, Worms, Viruses;
4. Clean Registry & Program Errors;
5. Remove harmful registry keys and files;
6. Speed-Up your computer;
7. Destroy harmful hijackers;
8. Helps prevent identity theft;
9. Clean & Optimize your PC
Use our Free Scanner to find out if your PC is infected with:Spyware;
Adware; W32/Spybot; Malware; Browser Hijackers; Browser Hijackersy.
Purchase
$39.95
Download
Now
XoftSpy Further Details
Complete PC scanning: memory, registry entries, files and
folders
Removes Adware, Spyware, W32/Spybot, Malware, Pop-up Generators,
Keyloggers, Unwanted Toolbars, CWS, Trojans and Browser Hijackers.
One of the largest databases in the industry
- 44,000+ Definitions
- New definitions added Weekly
Free definition updates
Backup and restore capabilities
Prevents identity and credit card theft
Increases your computer's speed
User-friendly interface
Who Would Benefit from Anti-Spyware Software, XoftSpy?
Anyone who surfs the Internet or shares their computer with
others
Computer users who share files such as music and pictures
with other individuals
How Can XoftSpy Protect your Security and Privacy?
Complete scan of your computer system to detect Spyware parasites
Quarantine infected files for immediate protection
Ability to review and remove all forms of Spyware
Regular updates on new Spyware threats
XoftSpy Testimonials
"Thank you very much for the timely responses... XoftSpy worked like a charm and everything's running great. Thank you again and to all of you and yours, have a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year."
"Before XoftSpy my antivirus software could not get rid of that troublesome Winfixer Trojan, but y'all came through with timely, courteous, personalized support that killed that bug in no time flat! Thanks!"
"I turned 50 yesterday so this is another present... a Winfixer-free machine. THANKYOU! Your personal customer support is outstanding."
"You guys are pretty darn good. Considering the fact that I've tried every software program on the market to remove the Smitfraud-C junk from my PC and registry. The fact that Spybot found it and couldn't do anything about it says something about your software and the support Xoftspy has given me. For the first time in ages, I think my PC is finally clean."
"I feel VERY happy to inform you that, after the use of your excellent program for Spy- killing, I have finally got rid of at least 800... parasits, that were stalling my PC. Now, my computer is running like NEW!! Keep the good business on my Dears. All the best to ALL of you."
XoftSpy Spyware Detection and Removal Related Software:
BPS SpyWare/Adware Remover - Spyware Adware removal software, Trackware, Thiefware... removal utility with multi-language support.
X-Cleaner - Works with most popular browsers and system configurations!
BPS Adware Spyware Cleaner
- Powerful Adware Spyware Cleaner, search and destroy Adware Spyware Trackware Thiefware etc.
SpyCatcher
- Powerful Spyware Adware Remover For You !
Spyware Doctor - Spy Doctor is one of the most popular spyware detector and removal program on the market. Hot!
Spyware Eliminator / Cleaner
- the most popular spyware eliminator and spyware cleaner on the market
Spyware Scan / Clean Adware
- the most popular Scan Spyware and Clean Adware on the market
Spy Sweep Spyware Sweeper Checker
- perfect adware spyware sweeper, adware spyware checker, Spy Sweep softwrae for you !
SpyZooka - Remove Spyware, Adware, Worms, Trojan Horses, Malware, Keyloggers, Trackware, Browser Hijackers, Dialers and Parasites removal.
Anti-Trojan Shield
- Trojan cleaner, Trojan hunter and Trojan detector to effectively scan and remove anti trojan horse virus
Anti-Hacker & Trojan Expert
- Protect personal computers decline Hijackers, trojans and baleful script, Get Rid of Virus super easily.
SpyNoMore - A powerful security and personal privacy tool that detects and eliminates destructive pests like trojans, spyware, adware and Browser Hijackers software.
TZ Spyware-Adware Remover
- A multi Adware Spyware Removal Tool.
Delete Spyware Adware Deleter
- popular delete spyware, delete adware software on the market
Spyware Scan / Clean Adware
- the most popular Scan Spyware and Clean Adware on the market.
About
Submitted:
12-30-2005
File Size:
1.84 MB
License:
Free to try
OS:
Win 98, Me, 2000, or XP
Rating:
Screen
Shot
Click to Enlarge
Copyright © 2002-2006 TomDownload.com
Tom's Software Downloads Site.
Submit Your Software - Contact Us -
FAQ - Links - Link to Us - About TomDownload.com - Privacy Policy