https://www.activepdf.com/policies/privacy
TECHNOLOGY
PDF SDKs
Annotation
Compression
Conversion
Creation & Generation
Digital Signature
Editor
Encryption
Extraction & Parsing
Form Filling
HTML to PDF
Manipulation
OCR
Print to PDF
Redaction
Solutions
Explore All Solutions
Accounts Payable
Banking
Education
Financial Services
Government
Healthcare
Insurance
Legal
Solutions Provider
Technology
Resources
Explore All Resources
Blog
Case Studies
Learning Center
Subscribe to Content
Company
Contact Sales
Support
Careers at ActivePDF
Sponsorships
Support
For Developers
Documentation
Example Code
Knowledgebase
Submit a Request
Downloads
Contact Sales
Privacy
Policy
ActivePDF is committed to protecting your privacy. We aim to provide friendly, insightful, and useful content.
ActivePDF policy:
ActivePDF Privacy Statement
ActivePDF is committed to protecting your privacy. We aim to provide friendly, insightful, and useful content. You can visit most pages on our site without providing any information about yourself. However, we sometimes require information in order to provide services that you implicitly request, and so the following privacy statement explains collection, dissemination, and use of your personal data in those situations.
IP Addresses
ActivePDF uses your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our website, ActivePDF.com. This information is used for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of ActivePDF.com. We may also track IP address in relation to purchases and downloads as part of our customer order review and fraud prevention efforts.
Use of Cookies
When someone visits the site, a cookie is placed on the customer's machine (if the customer accepts cookies) or is read if the customer has visited the site previously. This helps to reduce the data entry required in order to gain access to certain areas or complete forms on the website. We also use cookies to assist in the collection of site visitation statistics and marketing information. This helps to ensure that we are providing you with relevant content and enables us to better serve experiences to our visitors.
Additionally, we use technology to calculate how many visitors click on key elements (such as links or graphics) on an ActivePDF.com web page. We do not use this technology to access your personally identifiable information on ActivePDF.com; it is a tool we use to compile aggregated statistics about our site usage. You may accept or decline the terms as noted in the pop-up that we provide when visiting the site.
Questions about cookies? Please contact our CustomerSupport@ActivePDF.com.
Collection of Your Personal Information
You will be prompted when necessary for information that personally identifies you (personal information) or allows us to contact you. Generally, this information is requested when you are registering for a promotion or contest, ordering email newsletters, joining a limited-access premium site, signing up for an event or training, or when downloading, purchasing and/or registering ActivePDF products. Personal information collected by ActivePDF.com often is limited to e-mail address and country or location, but may include other information when needed to provide a service you requested.
For example: If you choose a service or transaction that requires payment, such as making a purchase in the ActivePDF Store, we will request personal information necessary for billing and/or shipping, such as: name, address, telephone number, and credit card details.
When you buy and install a new product, we may ask you to register your purchase electronically. We keep this registration information on file with any information you've already given us on previous visits to our website.
ActivePDF.com also collects information about which pages our customers visit within ActivePDF.com. This site visitation data is identified only by a unique ID number, and it is never combined with personal information without your consent, except as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy.
Here is how your data is collected:
Our site's registration form requires users to give us contact information (like their name and email address).
We use customer contact information from the registration form to send the user information about our company.
Our site uses an order form for customers to request information, products, and services.
Contact information from the order form is used to send orders and information about our company to our customers.
The customer's contact information is also used to get in touch with the visitor when necessary.
Any financial information gathered is used to bill the user for products and services.
Here is what you can do about your data:
Users may manage their subscriptions and opt-ins at any time.
Users may opt-out and unsubscribe from receiving future marketing mailings at any time.
Users may request full-erasure from the marketing system by request. Please email marketing@activepdf.com.
Use of Your Personal Information
We use your personal information for the following purposes:
To ensure our site and content is relevant to your needs.
To deliver services, such as newsletters, events, training or software that you request or purchase.
To help us create and publish content most relevant to you.
To alert you to product upgrades, special offers, updated information and other new services from ActivePDF, if you so request.
To grant access to limited-entry areas of our site as appropriate.
We will merge site-visitation data with anonymous demographic information for research purposes, and we may use this information in aggregate to provide more relevant content. In some limited-entry sections of ActivePDF.com, with your approval, we will combine site-visitation data with your personal information in order to provide you with personalized content. If you decline permission, we will not provide you the personalized service and won't merge your personal information with site-visitation data.
Compelled Disclosure of Your Personal Information
We reserve the right to use or disclose your Personal Information if required by law or if we reasonably believe that use or disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or comply with a law, court order, or legal process as noted below.
ActivePDF may disclose your personal information in the following circumstances if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to:
Conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on ActivePDF or the site.
Protect and defend the rights or property of ActivePDF.
Act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of ActivePDF employees, users of ActivePDF products or services, or members of the public.
Access & Control of Your Personal Information
Once you register, or otherwise provide ActivePDF with your personal information, ActivePDF.com will not share that information with third parties without your permission.
You have the following data protection rights:
You can request access, correction, updates or deletion of your personal information.
You can object to processing of your personal information, ask us to restrict processing of your personal information or request portability of your personal information.
If we have collected and process your personal information with your consent, then you can withdraw your consent at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
ActivePDF always provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications at the point where we request personal information. If you would like to have your personal details removed from our records, or if you need to update your personal information, please send us an email at marketing@activepdf.com. You may also request access to know what we have on file for you. We will respond to your request to change, correct, or delete your information within a reasonable timeframe and notify you of the action we have taken.
ActivePDF.com may send out periodic emails informing you of important technical service or security issues related to a product that you requested, or confirming that you requested a product.
Security of Your Personal Information
ActivePDF.com is committed to protecting the security of your personal information. We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When we transmit sensitive information (such as a credit card number) over the internet, we protect it through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol. Our digital certificate was obtained from and verified by Verisign.
Retention of Your Personal Information
How long we keep information we collect about you depends on the type of information as described in further detail below.
We retain Personal Information that you provide to us where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so (for example, as long as is required in order to contact you about your products or our other services, or as needed to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our agreements).
When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process or retain your Personal Information, we securely delete the information or anonymize it or, if this is not possible, then we will securely store your Personal Information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
If you have elected to receive marketing communications from us, we retain information about your marketing preferences for a reasonable period of time from the date you last expressed interest in our content, products, or services, such as when you last opened an email from us or ceased all engagement.  We retain information derived from cookies and other tracking technologies for a reasonable period of time from the date such information was created.
Protection of Children's Statement
ActivePDF.com is a general audience site and does not knowingly collect any personal information from children and is not intended for or targeted at children under 16. If you believe that we have collected information about a child under 16, please contact us at marketing@activepdf.com so that we may delete the information.
Changes to this Statement
ActivePDF.com will occasionally update this privacy statement. When we do, we will also revise the "last updated" date at the bottom of the privacy statement. For material changes to this statement, ActivePDF.com will notify you by placing prominent notice on the website.
Privacy policy
Enforcement & Contact Information
This website contains links to other sites. ActivePDF Inc. is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of these sites.
This document was last updated May, 2019.
For more information on this policy or other questions or concerns, please contact us at customerservice@activepdf.com.
For direct questions concerning this policy, or to contact ActivePDF for any reason, please call 949-582-9002.
For mail inquiries:ActivePDFRE: Privacy ActivePDF Inc.28202 Cabot Road, Suite 155 Laguna Niguel, CA 92677
Navigate
License Agreement
Legal
Refund Policy
End of Life Table
Privacy Policy
3rd Parties
Recent news
Debunking Common PDF Myths
06 November 2019
Solving Common Document Conversion Problems
15 December 2018
Notifications
Subscribe now!
Contact us
ActivePDF
28202 Cabot Road #155,Laguna Niguel, CA 92677 USAUSA: 866-468-6733Int'l: +1-949-582-9002
Copyright © 2004-2021 ActivePDF, Inc. All Rights Reserved.