http://www.ecomenterprises.com/privacy-policy/
Home About UsPortfolio Our Process Privacy Policy
ServicesWebsite Development & Design – Full Stack Development Services Mobile App Development Ecommerce Development Web Application Development Web Database Development Ongoing Website & WordPress Maintenance
Our ProductseMart Ecommerce WebPress Pro
Contact
Privacy PolicyYou are here:HomePrivacy Policy
Customer Account
When you create a new user account at ecomenterprises.com, we collect your name and e-mail address. This information may be used to process requests, orders and if necessary, to contact you regarding your inquiry. With your permission, this information may be used by ecom enterprises, inc. to contact you for promotional purposes. We do not currently share your customer contact information with third parties for promotional purposes, and we will only do so in the future with your prior approval.
Use of Cookies
“Cookies” is a technology that can be used to provide you with tailored information from a web site. A cookie is an element of data (text) that a Web site can send to your web browser, which is then store on your computer’s hard drive. Our cookies contain personal identification information and enable us to provide features to improve your experience between visits. You may set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it. You do not have to have cookies enabled in your browser settings to browse ecomenterprises.com.
Use of IP Addresses
An IP address is a number that is assigned to your computer when you are using your browser on the Internet. The servers that serve our web site automatically identify your computer by its IP address. IP addresses may be logged, but the addresses are not linked to individual customer accounts.
Privacy at Connectable Sites
ecom enterprises, inc. may enter into future agreements with other Web sites to provide additional Content and information and, while we carefully select the sites to which we may link, we are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these Web sites.
Privacy Policy Changes
Our privacy policy is regularly reviewed to make sure we continue to serve the privacy interests of our customers. We reserve the right to change and update the privacy policy and these changes will be posted on our Web site. We encourage you to visit this page from time to time to ensure you are aware of any changes we may have made.
Revisions to This Policy
ecom enterprises, inc. reserves the right to revise this Privacy Policy at any time.  A notice will be posted on our website homepage for 30 days whenever this Privacy Policy is revised.
Contact Information
If you have any questions at any time regarding our privacy policy, you may contact ecom enterprises.com by using the Contact Us links or by sending a letter to the following address:
ecom enterprises, inc.
ATTN: Legal Services
1230 Oakmead Parkway
Suite 318
Sunnyvale, CA 94085
Version 1.0
Effective 1/1/2004
Contact us to get started with your project today.
Name *
E-mail *
Telephone
Message
Submitclear
…I think we accomplished all we set out to do, and without the herculean efforts of all of you [at ecom], we wouldn’t have been able to show what we did and get the response that we did.
Digidesign, Inc.
…this has been a benchmark project for our group, and is going to do wonders in improving the usability process here at PayPal. …We would recommend your services to others in and outside of our company.
PayPal, Inc.
ecom enterprises’ development team was able to take our project from concept to reality in a timely fashion, and provided insightful advice on Website architecture, data structure and user interface. Clearly, a great Web development company dedicated to their customers’ success.
Hewlett-Packard Company