http://www.castlemountains.com/privacy-policy
CASTLEMOUNTAINS © 2013PRIVACY POLICY
Subscribe to Our Newsletter
To top
Castlemountains
Our Puzzles
Jigsaw Puzzle 1
Jigsaw Puzzles 2
Jigsaw Puzzles 3
Unlock Jigsaw Puzzles
More Puzzles
E-Greetings
Contact
Crossword
Word Find
IP Address and Cookies We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our website. Your IP address is used to gather broad demographic information. We use cookies to deliver content specific to your interests. Registration and Servers If you register with the site, your email address is used as your login name. Your email address will not be sold nor distributed to any third party, but for technical purposes, it is shared with vendors working on our behalf. We will only send mail to your email address for answering support questions. Our servers are located in USA. We also rely on third parties to host our services and our infrastructure, and to distribute our content. Although we have security measures in place, we cannot guarantee full privacy. We recommend that you do not add sensitive information to the site. External Links This site contains links to other sites. castlemountains.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites. Our online surveys may ask visitors for contact information (such as their email address). The customer's contact information is used to contact the visitor when necessary. Advertising We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. These companies may use aggregated information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. Third-party Privacy PoliciesGoogle, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site.Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to users based on their visit to our sites and other sites on the Internet.Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.  Policy Regarding Children Under 13 We do not knowingly collect personal information such as name and email address from children under 13. From time to time, certain portions of our Service may allow all users (including children under 13) to disclose a limited amount of personal information without first telling us their age or parental permission. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under the age of thirteen, we will delete the information as quickly as possible.  We recognize the importance of safeguarding the privacy of children and encourage parents to check and monitor their children's use of online activities regularly. Policy Regarding Children Over 13 We request that any person under the age of majority in their jurisdiction ask the permission of their parents before providing any information to us or anyone else over the Internet.  Changes Castlemountains may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. We encourage you to review it periodically. Last updated: December, 2014  Contacting the Website If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this website, or your dealings with this website, please contact: Castlemountains.com at support@castlemountains.comPrivacy Policy