http://www.continental.co.uk/privacy-policy
Home
Your Privacy
Your Privacy
We have adopted the following privacy policy as part of our commitment to protect any personal information ("Personal Information") which you may provide to us through this web site or by any other means.
We will not use or disclose your Personal Information unless you have given your permission, except for the following purposes:
to assess, operate and improve this web site and the services provided through it;
to keep you informed about us and our services and about this web site. You can e-mail us at the address at the end of this policy if you no longer wish to receive such mail from us;
if we are required to disclose such Personal Information by any applicable law, regulation or legal process.
We will not sell, trade or rent your Personal Information to others unless you have given your permission.
Personal Information is held in accordance with our securities policy and the Which? Web Trader Code. We will not collect sensitive information without your explicit consent and we will not transfer Personal Information outside the European Economic Area without your consent.
In addition to the use of your Personal Information as described above, we may also gather anonymous information which may be used by us or shared with third parties. This is information which does not identify you, but which may be helpful for marketing purposes or for improving this web site or the services provided through it.
This web site may from time to time use Cookies. Cookies are pieces of information that a web site transfers to your computer’s hard disk for record-keeping purposes and they can make the World Wide Web more useful by storing information about your preferences on a particular site. Cookies do not personally identify users but they do identify a user’s computer. If you prefer, you can set your browser to refuse Cookies.
If you have any questions or wish to have any Personal Information edited or deleted, please e-mail sales@continental.co.uk or write to us at the address on our contact page.