http://www.globfx.com/company/privacy/
Home / Company / PrivacyGlobFX Technologies
Web Site Privacy Statement
GlobFX Technologies has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our
firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our privacy
practices for the www.globfx.com Web site.
Information Automatically Logged
Your IP address is used to gather broad demographic information.
We may use cookies to deliver content specific to your interests.
Registration Forms
Our site's download page or account section may require users to give us contact
information (like their name and email address), demographic information
(like their country or age), and technical information (like their system configuration).
We use customer contact information from the download form to send the user
information about our Company and promotional material for our products.
Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below.
Demographic and technical data is also collected at our site. We use this data to
tailor the visitor's experience at our site, showing them content that we think
they might be interested in, and displaying the content according to their
preferences. We do not sell, rent or disclose this information to other companies.
External Links
This site contains links to other sites. GlobFX Technologies is not responsible
for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and
alteration of the information under our control.
GlobFX Technologies shall use reasonable efforts to comply with the terms of
this privacy statement and shall react promptly in order to correct any
failure to do so. Notwithstanding the foregoing, GlobFX Technologies does not
warrant that its performance under this privacy statement will be error-free.
GlobFX Technologies shall not be liable for any incidental, consequential or
punitive damages relating to this privacy statement.
Our site does not remember account passwords. These passwords are encrypted.
We recommend that you do not divulge your password to anyone.
Choice/Opt-Out
Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of
receiving promotional/marketing information from us.
This site allows users to remove themselves from our mailing lists
or to modify information previously provided
by changing their newsletter preferences at https://www.globfx.com/account/.
About GlobFX  |  Contact GlobFX  |  Resellers  |  Customers  |  Privacy
COMPANY HIGHLIGHTSAbout GlobFXContact GlobFXResellersCustomersPrivacy
Copyright © 2001-2020 GlobFX Technologies. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy.