https://www.fraysen.com/privacy-policy/
Protecting your private information is our priority. This Statement of Privacy applies to https://www.fraysen.com/ and Fraysen, Inc. and governs data collection and usage. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to Fraysen, Inc. includehttps://www.fraysen.co.com and Fraysen. The Fraysen website is a business management site. By using the Fraysen website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.Collection of your Personal Information In order to better provide you with products and services offered on our Site, Fraysen may collect personally identifiable information, such as your: First and Last Name Mailing Address E-mail Address Phone NumberIf you purchase Fraysen’s products and services, we collect billing and credit card information. This information is used to complete the purchase transaction.We do not collect any personal information about you unless you voluntarily provide it to us. However, you may be required to provide certain personal information to us when you elect to use certain products or services available on the site. These may include: (a) registering ro an account on our Site; (b) entering a sweepstakes or contest sponsored by us or one of our partners; (c) signing up for special offers from selected third parties; (d) sending us an email message; (e) submitting your credit card or other payment information when ordering and purchasing products and services on our Site. To wit, we will use your information for, but not limited to, communicating with you in relation to services and/or products you have requested from us. We also may gather additional personal or non-personal information in the future.Use of your Personal InformationFraysen collects and uses your personal information to operate its website(s) and deliver the services you have requested.Fraysen may also use your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Fraysen and its affiliates. Sharing Information with Third PartiesFraysen does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. Fraysen may share data with trusted partners to help perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Fraysen, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.  Fraysen may disclose your personal information, without notice, if required to do by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Fraysen or their site; (b) protect and defend the rights of property of Fraysen; and/or (c) act under the exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Fraysen, or the public. Tracking User BehaviorFraysen may keep track of the websites and pages our users visit within Fraysen, in order to determine what Fraysen serves are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within Fraysen to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.Automatically Collected InformationInformation about your computer hardware and software may be automatically collected by Fraysen. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Fraysen website.Use of CookiesThe Fraysen website may use “cookies” to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize Fraysen pages, or register with Fraysen site or services, a cookie helps Fraysen to recall your specific information or subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing address, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same Fraysen website, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Fraysen features that you customized.You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Fraysen services or websites you visit.LinksThis website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.Security of your Personal InformationFraysen secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. Fraysen uses the SSL Protocol for this purpose.When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other websites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol. We strive to take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to our alteration of your personal information. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, you acknowledge that: (a) there are security and privacy limitations inherent to the Internet which are beyond our control; and (b) security, integrity, and privacy of any and all information and data exchanged between you and us through this Site cannot be guaranteed. Children Under ThirteenFraysen does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen. If you are under the age of thirteen, you must ask your parent or guardian for permission to use this website. E-mail CommunicationsFrom time to time, Fraysen may contact you via email for the purpose of providing announcements, promotional offers, alerts, confirmations, surveys, and/or other general communication. In order to improve our Services, we may receive a notification when you open an email from Fraysen or click on a link therein.If you would like to stop receiving marketing or promotional communications via email from Fraysen, you may opt out of such communications by clicking on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of the email.Changes to this StatementFraysen reserves the right to change the Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your account, by placing an prominent notice on our site, and/or by updating any privacy information of this page. Your continued use of the Site and/or Services available through this Site after such modifications will constitute your: (a) acknowledgement of the modified Privacy Policy; and (b) agreement to abide and be bound by that Policy.Contact InformationFraysen welcomes your questions or comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Fraysen has not adhered to this Statement, please contact Fraysen at:Fraysen, Inc. 109 Tremont CircleChapel Hill, NC 27516E-mail: info@Fraysen.com Effective as of August 10, 2018