http://www.surgerysoft.com/privacy.html
Website Privacy Policy
Data Protection
Any information you provide us with will only be disclosed in accordance with the Data Protection Act of 1998.
Use of Personal Information
We use your personal and practice information to enable your use of our software and services, and to send you invoices, receipts and other commercial communications.
Our bulk mailing services are provided by CFH Docmail Ltd; further information can be found here: http://www.surgerysoft.com/cfhdocmail-informationgovernance.html
Collecting Personal Information
We collect the following kinds of information:Your name, email address and practice postal addressInformation relating to any purchases you make of our software and servicesInformation about your computer system including your operating system, MS Office version, clinical software versions, browser version, IP address and timing of service accessYour practice name and code, and hosting type.Cookies
Logging in will store a small cookie on your computer, which will be deleted when you close your browser. This cookie is used only for login purposes and does not track you or store any data about you.
We may collect aggregated statistical information, using Google analytics, for purposes of improving our service and your experience. This data does not contain personally identifying information such as your name or email address.
You are not obliged to accept a cookie and you may modify your browser so it will not accept cookies. If you do not want to accept cookies please use the help tools provided with your internet browser to find out how to achieve this. However this will disable access to the software download pages which require login, but will not affect your browsing of the rest of the site.
We never use cookies to retrieve information from your computer that was not originally contained in the cookie. We use cookies and IP addresses for system administration and to monitor aggregate non-personalised information (such as anonymous statistics related to patterns of browsing).
Certain non-personal information about users is recorded by the standard operation of our internet servers. Examples of this include the type of browsers being used, its operating system and the domain names (not e-mail addresses) of users.
Because we use privacy neutral cookies we do not seek to obtain consent from users for any cookies used on our website.
Links to Third Party Websites
Our site contains links to other websites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of these sites. This privacy statement applies solely to data collected by this website.
Changing Information
You can update your account information by sending us an email. However, we cannot delete user information because of legal, regulatory and technical back up requirements.
We may update this policy from time to time by publishing a new version on this website.