http://www.comtekaccounts.com/privacy-policy.htm
Exchequer Software Plug-ins
Comtek Accounts the number one supplier of Exchequer
Add-ons
Call an expert
01945 464854
Home
PostTrans
XML eGateway
iPad/PDA Remote Ordering
Master Link
Telesales
Other Plug-ins
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
About Us
XML eGateway:
Features
Document Type Definition
Example XML Transaction
External Code Conversion
System Settings
User Manual
Test Program
Example XML
Price
Import XML Entities:
Account
Transaction
Transaction Line
Stock
Job
Pro Version:
Export Data
Latest News:
Sign-up for Newsletter
Follow us on Facebook
Follow us on Twitter
Bookmark page
Send to a Friend
Print this page
Experts in:
Importation
Exchequer
Bespoke Solutions for Exchequer
Business privacy policy:
This privacy policy sets out how Comtek Accounts Ltd uses and protects any information that you give Comtek Accounts Ltd when you use this website.
Comtek Accounts Ltd is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
Comtek Accounts Ltd may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 1/7/2012.
What we collect
We collect no information on the user of this web site.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information.
How we use cookies
We don’t use cookies on this web site, but we do use Google Anlytics, Google Adwords, Bing Ads, and social networking links, which do store cookies.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
GDPR compliance
Sam
Smith, our Head of Software Development and Comtek Accounts Ltd appointed Data
Protection Officer, is responsible for ensuring our systems have ‘privacy by
design’ and that our default mode is one of GDPR compliance.
This
explains the data we hold and where:
‘What constitutes sensitive data?' - we store
very little "Personal information"
WE Don't hold personal data unless you are a customer, and then only
to bill and support you
'What data do you hold?'
1) Accounts -
Billing Details + E-mail (On Premises)
In house CRM - Billing Details + E-mail + Notes for Cases/Projects,
etc (On Premises)
2) We have
three different business activities using online Servers, all hosted
with RackSpace which are very secure:
A) Simply
Postcode - Billing Details + Password - Salt + Encrypted SHA384
(SHA2)
B) Postcode LITE -
Billing Details + Password - Salt + Encrypted SHA384 (SHA2)
C) Software License
System - Billing Details + Password - Salt + Encrypted SHA384 (SHA2)
Also
records IP address and usage for support purposes
No
credit card information is held
A
and B - Accounts are deleted after 1 year if dormant
Billing Details - May include Phone, Mobile (optional) number,
billing history
This must be stored for 7 years to comply with HRMC regulations
‘Where is the data stored and How secure?'
Accounts and CRM in house on
Windows 2016 Server.  Incoming
Firewall + Encrypted Drives.
Remote access is via encrypted VPN.
Rackspace in Reading and
Heathrow.  Very secure.  Very few ports open, Cisco managed
firewall.  Remote access is via
encrypted VPN.
The Privacy Shield is provided by firewalls and internet
security.  All communication to Rackspace
servers is via a encrypted VPN
No
Sensitive Account/Personal data leaves the building
Access to data
Yes - we can give
you all data held within 1 month
Right to be forgotten
Yes - within one
month all data will be erased
Security Breech
We will report any
breaches of security to ICO (Information Commission Office) and people affected
within 3 days.
We are a Small Company
For companies that
have more than 250 employees, there's a need to have documentation of why
people's information is being collected and processed, descriptions of the
information that's held, how long it's being kept for and descriptions of
technical security measures in place.
PostTrans XL Importer
» Features
» Training
» System Settings
» Prices
» Common Support Q/A
» Example Downloads
» Download/Update History
XML eGateway Importer
» Features
» Example XML Transaction
» System Settings
» Price
PDA Remote Ordering
» About MiniSell Link
Master Link
» Features
» Prices
» Download/Update history
» Common Support Q/A
Enhanced Telesales
» Features
Plug-ins for Exchequer
» Notes Plug-in
» Postcode Address Finder
Comtek Accounts Ltd
» Contact Us
» About Us
» Privacy Statement
» EULA
Privacy
Policy –
We do not retain any user details on this web site except Google Adwords/Analytics and Bing Adcentre
© ComTek
Accounts 2005
Company Reg:3255917 founded in
1996
ComTek Accounts acknowledges all respective trademarks