http://www.mypostcards.com/info/privacy.shtml
Mypostcards.com is the main entrance for all Internet postcards. Mypostcards is the place to start if you are looking for free virtual postcards.
Home //
Services //
Members //
Map
>> Free Cards for >>
Birthday
Love You
Friendship
Best Wishes
Congrats
Get Well
Just Because
Sorry
Good Luck
Anniversary
Invitations
Marry Me
Miss You
New Baby
New Job
Thanks
Thinking of You
Sympathy
Wedding
Graduation
Retirement
PRO and Expert
Member login
Get your own postcard site
Get help
Professional postcard software
Dedicated hosting
The Dear Webby Free Humor Letter:
Clean humor and tech tips, daily since 1994
Choose a reliable essay writing service to cope
with your assignments twice faster.
Reliable
essay writing service
AngelWinks is now at http://angelwinks.ca
Ophelia Dingbatter's News
Info Center
what's a posty
/side.html
Privacy Policy
The privacy policy outlined in this document covers the following
web sites
http://mypostcards.com
http://mypostcards.net
http://posty.com
http://posty.net
http://exoridor.com
http://magics.net
http://webby.com
(not limited to the above, may be applied to all Webby Inc
online properties)
Cookies and Ads
1. For Customers
Plain English summary
It's all between you and Webby, and we don't sell or share any info.
Confidentiality
Any personal and financial information you provide us via the abovementioned
websites or as a result of personal communication with Webby Inc staff
in connection with web services, products and software provided by Webby Inc.
will remain strictly confidential and will never be disclosed to third parties
unless a legitimate court warrant is issued in a form and manner that is acceptable to us.
Purchase Security
When you place a purchase order online from one of our sites,
your personal information and credit card information are scrambled
using the most up-to-date SSL encryption technology before being sent over the Internet.
This makes it virtually impossible for your information to be stolen or intercepted while
being transferred through cyberspace.
When we receive your order we erase your credit card information from our web site
database so it isn’t connected to the Internet, and is therefore safe from hackers.
Email Updates
Webby Inc may send occasional update notices to active customers
concerning status, quality and specification of services offered.
Customer can specifically ask not to receive such updates by sending
email to info@webby.com (although the information distributed in such
email updates can be crucial for the services the customer uses).
The only type of emails to customers we will send anyway are renewal notices
and invoices.
Security measures against the loss, misuse and alteration of information
Webby Inc implements security measures to protect against loss, misuse and
alteration of the information under our control. We use extensive backup practices,
store sensitive information offline and permanently monitor the
integrity of our multi-user and specialized servers.
Server Access
We accurately track all FTP and telnet access and log each session and activity during each session.
These logs are for server administrators only and not accessible to the public.
2. For Visitors
Plain English summary
We don't know who you are unless you send us a personal email and tell us yourself.
And THAT is totally confidential and will not be sold, shared, or used for advertising.
Information we track
You can browse our sites without entering any personal information and
therefore remain anonymous during your visit.
Our servers log IP addresses and browser types, but we do not link IP addresses
to anything personally identifiable. This means that a user’s session will be tracked,
but the user will be anonymous. We use server logs for systems administration purposes and statistics only.
We do not share these statistics with the public. Some statistical data like percentage of visitors using
certain types of browsers may be made available occasionally to our clients.
Cookies and Ads
At present time Webby Inc does not use cookies for any purposes.
Some of our sites use the services of ValueClick for the serving and/or
targeting of ads, promotions and other marketing messages.
To do this,
ValueClick collects anonymous data typically through the use of cookies.
To
learn more about ValueClick, including your ability to opt out
of the
system, click here.
Surveys
Our surveys never ask for real names or postal address.
The purpose of the surveys we conduct is to be able to deliver what the visitors want to see.
Our surveys are always anonymous.
Newsletters
All of our newsletters are DOUBLE-OPT-IN. There is no automatic subscription without you subscribing PLUS later confirming.
Use of any of our services does not automatically subscribe you to anything.
All subscribers to e-mail newsletters (periodic electronic publications)
may cancel their subscription at any time. Each copy of all of our newsletters
contains unsubscribe links near the bottom. In case of any problems with canceling
subscription or changing subscription details - send email to info@webby.com
and indicate which of your email addresses you want unsubscribed.
Links
Our sites contain links to other sites, including some which Webby Inc does not
own or have any control over. Webby Inc is not responsible for the privacy practices
or the content of such Web sites.
3. Special privacy issues concerning "posty" services
"Posty TM"
Webby Inc propertiary term for multimedia Internet postcards.
"Posty TM" services
require visitors to enter names and e-mail addresses of sender
and recipient of a posty and may contain private information inside.
Webby Inc does not share this information with any third parties (including advertisers)
under no circumstances unless legitimate court warrant is issued in a form and manner
acceptable to us,
before the cards in question have expired.
Cards expire in 10 to 14 days and after that can not be retrieved any more, neither by
us nor by the sender nor the recipient. No copies of the card data is
created and stored
online or offline. While the cards are awaiting pick-up by the recipient who has the code number,
the posty messages can not be read by third parties and are not read by humans or robots.
Webby Inc. is not responsible for the grammar, spelling, views, opinions and or tastes
expressed on any posty sent from our sites
nor for the frequency at which a posty may be sent.
We do not collect or use e-mail addresses of posty senders and recipients for any purposes.
All posty e-mail notifications sent via the Webby Inc. servers can be clearly
identified by the originating domain (Received-From: field in e-mail header)
and will contain one of the abovementioned FQ domain names or derivative third
level domain names.
If you do not wish to receive any posty notifications for our servers -
write to abuse@webby.com
and we will add your e-mail address to outgoing e-mail
filter. (Please be aware that you will block ALL outgoing e-mail communications
from us to you, including messages you may very likely wish to receive).
4. Contacting Webby Inc
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the
practices of this site, or your dealings with any Webby or Webby client site,
you can contact Webby Inc - click here for detailed contact info