http://www.softwareanswers.com/privacy.aspx
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Notice describes how Software Answers Inc collect and use the information you provide by using the Oscar Property Management System or any other product or service we provide and the steps you can take to access this information and to request that we correct or delete it.
If you have questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Notice or Software Answers handling of your information collected, contact the Software Answers support department at:
Privacy Policy Questions
support@softwareanswers.com
U.S. Headquarters
520 N Semoran Blvd
Suite 250
Orlando, FL 32807
(407) 382-8800
How We Collect and Use Your Information
Information You Provide Us Directly
When you subscribe, utilize, or are employed by an organization that uses the Oscar Property Management system or any of our products or services, we will ask that you provide your name, email address, information about your role within your company (e.g., job title), and phone number.
The information you provide us when signing up for your account is used to:
Providing technical support assistance on our products & services
Access to our online portal system for update files and other user-based documentation
Access to your personalized cloud environment, if cloud hosted
Respond to your inquiries regarding other Software Answers Inc products or services you may be interested in.
You may unsubscribe from and request to no longer receive product and service information from us at any time by clicking on the unsubscribe link provided in the email.
How We Share Your Information
We may engage and contract with third party companies (e.g., service providers) to provide services that help us with our business activities such as cloud hosting services. These third-party service providers are limited to only using information as instructed to provide contracted services to us.
Hosting Provider (if using our hosting services)
E-Signature Provider (RightSignature or EchoSign)
Insurance Policy Integration (Rental Guardian)
Web Booking Integration (SiteMinder)
Rights to Access and Control Your Personal Data
You have many choices about how your data is collected, used and shared.
We provide many choices about the collection, use and sharing of your data, from deleting or correcting data you include on your organizations profile and controlling the visibility of advertising opportunities.
For personal data that we have about you:
Delete Data: You can ask us to erase or delete all or some of your personal data (e.g., if it is no longer necessary to provide Services to you).
Change or Correct Data: You can also ask us to change, update or fix your data in certain cases, particularly if it’s inaccurate.
Object to, or Limit or Restrict, Use of Data: You can ask us to stop using all or some of your personal data (e.g., if we have no legal right to keep using it) or to limit our use of it (e.g., if your personal data is inaccurate or unlawfully held).
Right to Access and/or Take Your Data: You can ask us for a copy of your personal data and can ask for a copy of personal data you provided in machine readable form.
Please contact us by emailing support@softwareanswers.com and we will consider your request in accordance with applicable laws.
The individual has the possibility, under certain conditions, to invoke binding arbitration for complaints regarding Privacy Shield compliance not resolved by any of the other Privacy Shield mechanisms.
Click here for additional information.
Software Answers is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) and/or the Department of Transportation.
Accountability for Onward Transfer
To transfer personal information to a third party acting as a controller, organizations must comply with the Notice and Choice Principles.
Organizations must also enter into a contract with the third-party controller that provides that such data may only be processed for limited and specified purposes consistent with the consent provided by the individual and that the recipient will provide the same level of protection as the Principles and will notify the organization if it makes a determination that it can no longer meet this obligation.
The contract shall provide that when such a determination is made the third party controller ceases processing or takes other reasonable and appropriate steps to remediate.
b.
To transfer personal data to a third party acting as an agent, organizations must: (i) transfer such data only for limited and specified purposes; (ii) ascertain that the agent is obligated to provide at least the same level of privacy protection as is required by the Principles; (iii) take reasonable and appropriate steps to ensure that the agent effectively processes the personal information transferred in a manner consistent with the organization’s obligations under the Principles; (iv) require the agent to notify the organization if it makes a determination that it can no longer meet its obligation to provide the same level of protection as is required by the Principles; (v) upon notice, including under (iv), take reasonable and appropriate steps to stop and remediate unauthorized processing; and (vi) provide a summary or a representative copy of the relevant privacy provisions of its contract with that agent to the Department upon request.
We may also disclose your personal information:
As required by law such as to comply with a subpoena or similar legal process. To the extent we are legally permitted to do so, we will take commercially reasonable steps to notify you in the event that we are required to provide your personal information to third parties as part of a legal process. Software Answers Inc also may be required to disclose personal information in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including requests from national security or law enforcement authorities.
When we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a written government request
If Software Answers Inc becomes involved in a merger, acquisition, or any form of sale of some or all of its assets. In the event of a merger, acquisition, or any form of sale of some or all of Software Answers Inc assets, we will ensure that the acquiring organization agrees to protect personal information in accordance with the commitments we have made in this Privacy Notice, including our Privacy Shield commitment, and that the acquiring organization will provide notice before personal information, customer information, or business information becomes subject to a different privacy notice.
To any other third party with your prior consent to do so
We will share your personal information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this Privacy Notice. We do not otherwise sell your personal information to third parties.
Other Information
EU-U.S. Privacy Shield and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield
Software Answers Inc participates in the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework (“Privacy Shield”) and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework (“Privacy Shield”) and has self-certified with the Department of Commerce that we adhere to the Privacy Shield Principles.
Software Answers Inc is committed to applying the Privacy Shield Principles to all personal information received from countries in the European Economic Area (EEA) and the United Kingdom in reliance on the Privacy Shield. To learn more about the Privacy Shield, visit the U.S. Department of Commerce’s Privacy Shield website.
Software Answers, Inc. complies with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Union, Switzerland, and the United Kingdom to the United States.
Software Answers, Inc. has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles.
If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern.
To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification, please visit https://www.privacyshield.gov/.
In compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles, Software Answers, Inc. commits to resolve complaints about our collection or use of your personal information.
EU individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our Privacy Shield policy should first contact Software Answers, Inc. at:
Please contact us to file an internal complaint.  Simply detail your concerns in the Notes section of the request or call us directly via the Sales & Support phone number provided.
Software Answers, Inc. has further committed to refer unresolved Privacy Shield complaints to IRM ICDR/AAA, an alternative dispute resolution provider located in the United States. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your complaint to your satisfaction, please contact or visit
IRM ICDR/AAA Complaint Page for more information or to file a complaint.
The services of IRM ICDR/AAA are provided at no cost to you.
Under the Privacy Shield, Software Answers Inc is responsible for the processing of personal information it receives and subsequently transfers to a third party acting for or on its behalf. Software Answers Inc is liable for ensuring that the third parties we engage support our Privacy Shield commitments.
The U.S. Federal Trade Commission has regulatory enforcement authority over Software Answers Inc processing of personal information received or transferred pursuant to the Privacy Shield Framework.
If you are a resident of the EEA and have an unresolved privacy or personal information collection, use, or disclosure concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact the EU Data Protection Authorities.
For more information on how to contact the EU Data Protection Authorities, click here.
Under certain conditions, more fully described on the Privacy Shield website, you may invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted.
Accessing and Updating your Personal Information
To review and update your personal information to ensure it is accurate, or request we delete or return your information to you, contact Software Department at support@softwareanswers.com.
Software Answers Inc will make commercially reasonable efforts to provide you reasonable access to any of your personal or other account information we maintain within 30 days of your access request. We provide this access so you can review it, make corrections, or request deletion of your information. If we cannot honor your request within the 30-day period, we will tell you when we will be able to provide access. In the unlikely event that we cannot provide you access to your information, we will explain why we cannot do so.
Security and Data Integrity
Safeguarding the information you give us or we receive about you through the GDPR Readiness Assessment is a priority for Software Answers Inc. We take appropriate security measures to protect against loss, misuse and unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of your information. Software Answers Inc has taken steps to ensure the ongoing confidentiality, integrity, availability, and resilience of systems and services processing personal information, and will restore the availability and access to information in a timely manner in the event of a physical or technical incident.
We will retain your information for as long as you maintain a GDPR Readiness Assessment account with us and have not otherwise requested us to delete your information.
Changes to this Privacy Notice
Please note that this Privacy Notice may change from time to time. If we change this Privacy Notice in ways that affect how we use your personal information, we will advise you of the choices you may have as a result of those changes. We will also post a notice that this Privacy Notice has changed.
Defined Terms
The following terms used in this Privacy Statement have defined meanings.
Personal information. Any data about an identified or identifiable individual, including data that identifies an individual or that could be used to identify, locate, track, or contact an individual. Personal information includes both directly identifiable information such as a name, identification number or unique job title, and indirectly identifiable information such as date of birth, unique mobile or wearable device identifier, telephone number as well as key-coded data.
Third party. Any legal entity, association or person that is not owned by Software Answers Inc, or in which Software Answers Inc does not have a controlling interest.