http://www.credera.com/privacy-policy
General Privacy Policy Updated: March 2020Credera Enterprises Company LLCWe at Credera Enterprises Company LLC,(“Credera”, “we”, “us” or “our”) respect your privacy. Credera is a company located in the United States and Europe. This privacy policy applies to the processing of personal data by Credera in the United States and Europe.Please see our European privacy notice for how we (to the extent we are subject to the General Data Protection Regulation) and our European affiliates process your personal data.If you are a California consumer and would like information about our online and offline privacy practices and your privacy rights, please see the section of this Privacy Policy called “California Consumer Privacy Statement.”Purpose Of This PolicyThis privacy policy (“Policy”) explains our approach to any personal information that we might collect from you using this website (the “Site”) and in other situations or interactions with us, as well as the purposes for which we process your personal information. This Policy also sets out your rights in respect of our processing of your personal information.This Policy will inform you of the nature of the personal information about you that is processed by us and how you can request that we delete, update, transfer and/or provide you with access to it or otherwise cease processing it for a specific purpose. This Policy is intended to assist you in making informed decisions when using this Site.This privacy notice is not intended to apply to the processing of personal information Credera employees which is dealt with under our separate workplace privacy policy.Type Of Personal Information CollectedPersonal information is information that identifies you as an individual. Categories of personal information we collect include:contact information (e.g. name, physical address, telephone number, email address),information about your interests or affiliations,information for hiring and human resources (e.g. employment and education history, work eligibility status, date of birth, financial account information, government-issued identification information), andadditional information you submit to us.Additional information about the personal information we collect is described in the next section How We Use Personal Information below.Ways Of Obtaining Personal InformationWe may collect and receive your personal information using different methods:Personal information you provide to us. You may give us your personal information directly. This will be the case when, for example, you contact us with enquiries, complete forms on our Site or in hard copy or participate in a survey, subscribe to receive our marketing communications or provide feedback to us otherwise through your interactions with us.Personal information received from third parties. From time to time, we will receive personal information about you from third parties. Such third parties may include analytics providers and third parties that provide technical services to us so that we can operate our Site and provide our services.Publicly available Personal information. From time to time we may collect personal information about you from publicly available sources or media reports or personal information about you that you or a third party may make publicly available to us (for example through speaking at events or publishing articles or other news stories).How We Use Personal InformationOur primary goal in collecting personal information from you is to:verify your identity,provide our services to clients,help us improve our products and services and develop and market new products and services,carry out requests made by you to us,investigate or settle inquiries or disputes,comply with any applicable law, court order, other judicial process, or the requirements of a regulator,enforce our agreements with you,protect the rights, property or safety of us or third parties, including our other clients and users of the Site,provide support for the provision of our Services, anduse as otherwise required or permitted by law.Uses Of Personal Information Collected Through This SiteThe following describes how we use personal information that we collect through this Site:Client Information.Information we collect with respect to our clients and potential clients is used to enable us to respond to client requests, to administer client accounts with us, to conduct credit checks, and to verify and carry out financial transactions for payments made to us.Contact Us inquiries.We may collect information for contact us requests for information about our company. We may also provide you with the opportunity to sign up for newsletters or to receive copies of blogs and other information that we make available. Contact information may be requested in each case, together with details of other personal information that is relevant to these inquiries. This information is used in order to enable us to respond to your requests.Career Opportunities.Potential employees and service providers may provide us with information to find out about and apply for career opportunities, including by providing resumes and other related information. This information is used to enable us to review applications, respond to these requests, and to make hiring decisions.The information you provide to us may be archived or stored periodically by us according to our standard backup processes and our document retention policy.Other Uses Of Personal InformationWe may also collect information in other contexts other than this Site as described above. That information may be used in the manner described above and in other ways, such as:Marketing communications.We may carry out marketing activities using your personal information. We may send marketing information to you by mail or email. We may also provide you with information about media and public relations events. It may be necessary to mention the purpose of other marketing communications at the point that we collect that information. We send this information and materials to you where you have consented to receive such information or materials, or where we have another lawful basis to do so to the extent required by law.Receipt of services.If we have engaged you or the organization you represent to provide us with products or services (for example, if you or the organization you represent provide us with services such as IT support or financial advice), we will collect and process your personal information in order to manage our relationship with you or the organization you represent, to receive products and services from you or the organization you represent and, where relevant, to provide our Services to others.Business administration and legal compliance.We may use your personal information for the following business administration and legal compliance purposes:to comply with our legal obligations;to enforce our legal rights;to protect the rights of third parties; andin connection with a business transition such as a merger, reorganization, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or a portion of our assets.Personal Information Of ChildrenOur Site is intended for ages 18 and older. We do not intend to or knowingly collect personal information from children.Sharing Your InformationWe may share your personal information with any of our group affiliates, or with our partners, clients or contractors or professional advisers or government or regulatory bodies for the following purposes: (a) provide our services to clients or otherwise receive assistance in processing transactions; (b) fulfillment of requests for information, receiving and sending communications, updating marketing lists, analyzing data; (c) provision of IT and other support or internal administrative business services; or (d) assistance in other ancillary to the operation of tasks, from time to time. Our partners and contractors will only use your information to the extent necessary to perform their functions.We will not sell your personal information to other companies and we will not share it with other companies for them to use without your consent, except in in the circumstances listed above or in connection with the sale or merger of Credera or the division or office responsible for the services.Obtaining Your ConsentWhere our use of your personal information requires your consent, you can provide such consent:at the time we collect your personal information following the instructions provided; orby informing us by e-mail, post or phone using the contact details set out in this Policy.Please note that if you specifically consent to additional uses of your personal information, we may use your personal information in a manner consistent with that consent.AccessWe provide you with reasonable access to the personal information maintained about you. We also provide you with a reasonable opportunity to correct, amend or delete the information where it is inaccurate. We may limit or deny access to personal information where the burden or expense of providing access would be disproportionate to the risks to your privacy in the case in question, or where the rights of third persons would be violated.Choice And MeansWe generally offer you the opportunity to choose whether your personal information may be (a) disclosed to third-party controllers or (b) used for a purpose that is materially different from the purposes for which the information was originally collected or subsequently authorized by you. Unless we offer you an appropriate choice, we use personal information only for purposes that are materially the same as those indicated in this Policy. To exercise your choices you may contact us as indicated in this Policy.We may share personal information with our affiliates as described above under Sharing Your Information. We may disclose personal information without offering an opportunity to opt out, and we may be required to disclose such information (a) to third-party processors we have retained to perform services on our behalf and pursuant to our instructions, (b) if we are required to do so by law or legal process, or (c) in response to lawful requests from public authorities, including to meet national security, public interest or law enforcement requirements. We also reserve the right to transfer personal information in the event of an audit or if we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets (including in the event of a merger, acquisition, joint venture, reorganization, dissolution or liquidation).SecurityCredera takes reasonable and appropriate measures to protect personal data from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction, considering the risks involved in the processing and the nature of the personal data. Also see Confidentiality And Security Of Your Informationbelow.Third Party Links And ServicesOur Site contains links to third party websites and services. Please remember that when you use a link to go from our Site to another website or you request a service from a third party, this Policy no longer applies.Your browsing and interaction on any other websites, or your dealings with any other third-party service provider, is subject to that website’s or third party service provider’s own rules and policies. We do not monitor, control, or endorse the privacy practices of any third parties.This Site may integrate with social networking services. You understand that we do not control such services and are not liable for the manner in which they operate. While we may provide you with the ability to use such services in connection with our Site, we are doing so merely as an accommodation and, like you, are relying upon those third-party services to operate properly and fairly.This Policy does not apply to these third-party websites and third party service providers.Opt Out And Unwanted CommunicationsTo opt-out of any future marketing communications or any other communications from us, you should send a request to us at the contact information in the section entitled Contact Details. We will process your request within a reasonable time after receipt. Please note that if you opt out in this manner, certain aspects of this Site may no longer be available to you.Confidentiality And Security Of Your Personal InformationWe are committed to keeping the personal information you provide to us secure. We take reasonable and appropriate measures to protect your personal information, including but not limited to sophisticated software and hardware that prevent personal information from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction, taking into account the risks involved in the processing and the nature of the personal information.Information regarding job applications is encrypted and transmitted in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for “https” at the beginning of the URL. Only employees or third parties who need the information to process a specific request are granted access to personally identifiable information.Changes To This Privacy PolicyWe may make changes to this Policy from time to time. This Site includes a date on which it was last updated.To ensure that you are always aware of how we use your personal information, we will update this Policy from time to time to reflect any changes to our use of your personal information. We encourage you to review this Policy periodically to be informed of how we use your personal information.How Long Do We Keep Your Personal Information?We retain personal information only for as long as is necessary for the purposes described in this Policy, after which it is deleted from our systems.If any personal information is only useful for a short period (e.g. for a specific event or marketing campaign or in relation to recruitment), we may delete it at the end of that period.If you have opted out of receiving marketing communications from us, we will need to retain certain personal information on a suppression list indefinitely so that we know not to send you further marketing communications in the future.Contact DetailsFor questions or concerns about this Policy, or to ask questions or express concerns about our collection, management and processing of personal information, Consumers may by contact us by:sending an e-mail to compliance@credera.com; orsending us a letter:Attn: MarketingCredera15303 Dallas Pkwy, Ste 300Dallas, TX 75001California Consumer Privacy StatementEffective: January 2020This California Consumer Privacy Statement supplements the Credera Privacy Policy (General) and applies solely to California consumers. This section provides information about our online and offline privacy practices. This Statement does not apply to our personnel.This California Consumer Privacy Statement uses certain terms that have the meaning given to them in the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 and its implementing regulations (the “CCPA”).Notice of Collection and Use of Personal InformationWe may collect the following categories of personal information about you:Identifiers: identifiers such as a real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier (such as a device identifier; cookies, beacons, pixel tags, mobile ad identifiers and similar technology; customer number, unique pseudonym, or user alias; telephone number and other forms of persistent or probabilistic identifiers), online identifier, internet protocol address, email address, account name, Social Security number, driver’s license number, passport number, and other similar identifiersAdditional Data Subject to Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80: signature, physical characteristics or description, state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, and other financial information, medical information, and health insurance informationProtected Classifications: characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law, such as race, color, national origin, religion, age, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, marital status, medical condition, ancestry, genetic information, disability, citizenship status, and military and veteran statusCommercial Information: commercial information, including records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, and other purchasing or consuming histories or tendenciesOnline Activity: Internet and other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding your interaction with websites, applications or advertisementsGeolocation DataSensory Information: audio, electronic, visual, and similar informationEmployment Information: professional or employment-related informationEducation Information: education information that is not publicly available personally identifiable information as defined in the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Sec. 1232g; 34 C.F.R. Part 99)Inferences: inferences drawn from any of the information identified above to create a profile about you reflecting your preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.We may use the categories of personal information listed above for the purposes described in our Privacy Policy (General). In addition, we may use these categories of personal information for certain business purposes specified in the CCPA, as described in this table:PurposesCategories of Personal InformationPerforming services, including maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service, processing or fulfilling orders and transactions, verifying customer information, processing payments, providing advertising or marketing services, providing analytics services, or providing similar services[Identifiers; Additional Data Subject to Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80; Protected Classifications; Commercial Information; Online Activity; Geolocation Data; Sensory Information; Employment Information; Education Information and Inferences]Auditing related to a current interaction with you and concurrent transactions, including, but not limited to, and auditing compliance[Identifiers; Additional Data Subject to Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80; Protected Classifications; Commercial Information; Online Activity; Geolocation Data; Sensory Information; Employment Information; Education Information and Inferences]Short-term, transient use[Identifiers; Additional Data Subject to Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80; Protected Classifications; Commercial Information; Online Activity; Geolocation Data; Sensory Information; Employment Information; Education Information and Inferences]Detecting security incidents, protecting against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, and prosecuting those responsible for that activity[Identifiers; Additional Data Subject to Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80; Protected Classifications; Commercial Information; Online Activity; Geolocation Data; Sensory Information; Employment Information; Education Information and Inferences]Debugging to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality[Identifiers; Additional Data Subject to Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80; Protected Classifications; Commercial Information; Online Activity; Geolocation Data; Sensory Information; Employment Information; Education Information and Inferences]Undertaking internal research for technological development and demonstration[Identifiers; Additional Data Subject to Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80; Protected Classifications; Commercial Information; Online Activity; Geolocation Data; Sensory Information; Employment Information; Education Information and Inferences]Undertaking activities to verify or maintain the quality or safety of a service or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by us, and to improve, upgrade, or enhance the service or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by us[Identifiers; Additional Data Subject to Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80; Protected Classifications; Commercial Information; Online Activity; Geolocation Data; Sensory Information; Employment Information; Education Information and Inferences]In addition, we may also use the following categories of personal information for purposes of managing our career opportunities: [Identifiers; Additional Data Subject to Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80; Protected Classifications; Commercial Information; Online Activity; Geolocation Data; Sensory Information; Employment Information; Education Information and Inferences]Our Prior Collection, Use and Disclosure of Personal InformationWe may have collected and used your personal information, as described in section 1 above, during the 12-month period prior to the effective date of this California Consumer Privacy Statement. For the personal information collected during that timeframe, we describe below: (a) the categories of sources from which we may have obtained the personal information, (b) the categories of third parties with whom we may have shared the information, and (c) the categories of personal information we may have disclosed for a business purpose.Sources of Personal InformationWe may have obtained personal information about you from various sources, as described below.Categories of Sources of Data CollectionCategories of Personal InformationDirectly from you, such as when you contact us with a question or comment[Identifiers; Additional Data Subject to Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80; Protected Classifications; Commercial Information; Online Activity; Geolocation Data; Sensory Information; Employment Information; Education Information and Inferences]From your devices, such as when you visit our Site[Identifiers; Additional Data Subject to Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80; Protected Classifications; Commercial Information; Online Activity; Geolocation Data; Sensory Information; Employment Information; Education Information and Inferences]Your family or friends, such as when they provide us with your contact information so we can send information that may interest you[Identifiers; Additional Data Subject to Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80; Protected Classifications; Commercial Information; Online Activity; Geolocation Data; Sensory Information; Employment Information; Education Information and Inferences]Our affiliates and subsidiaries[Identifiers; Additional Data Subject to Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80; Protected Classifications; Commercial Information; Online Activity; Geolocation Data; Sensory Information; Employment Information; Education Information and Inferences]Vendors who provide services on our behalf[Identifiers; Additional Data Subject to Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80; Protected Classifications; Commercial Information; Online Activity; Geolocation Data; Sensory Information; Employment Information; Education Information and Inferences]Social networks[Identifiers; Additional Data Subject to Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80; Protected Classifications; Commercial Information; Online Activity; Geolocation Data; Sensory Information; Employment Information; Education Information and Inferences]Government entities[Identifiers; Additional Data Subject to Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80; Protected Classifications; Commercial Information; Online Activity; Geolocation Data; Sensory Information; Employment Information; Education Information and Inferences]Consumer data resellers[Identifiers; Additional Data Subject to Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80; Protected Classifications; Commercial Information; Online Activity; Geolocation Data; Sensory Information; Employment Information; Education Information and Inferences]Sharing of Personal InformationWe may have shared your personal information with certain categories of third parties, as described below.Categories of Third PartiesCategories of Personal InformationOur affiliates and subsidiaries[Identifiers; Additional Data Subject to Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80; Protected Classifications; Commercial Information; Online Activity; Geolocation Data; Sensory Information; Employment Information; Education Information and Inferences]Vendors who provide services on our behalf[Identifiers; Additional Data Subject to Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80; Protected Classifications; Commercial Information; Online Activity; Geolocation Data; Sensory Information; Employment Information; Education Information and Inferences]Professional services organizations, such as auditors and law firms[Identifiers; Additional Data Subject to Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80; Protected Classifications; Commercial Information; Online Activity; Geolocation Data; Sensory Information; Employment Information; Education Information and Inferences]Our business partners[Identifiers; Additional Data Subject to Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80; Protected Classifications; Commercial Information; Online Activity; Geolocation Data; Sensory Information; Employment Information; Education Information and Inferences]Internet service providers[Identifiers; Additional Data Subject to Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80; Protected Classifications; Commercial Information; Online Activity; Geolocation Data; Sensory Information; Employment Information; Education Information and Inferences]Data analytics providers[Identifiers; Additional Data Subject to Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80; Protected Classifications; Commercial Information; Online Activity; Geolocation Data; Sensory Information; Employment Information; Education Information and Inferences]Government entities[Identifiers; Additional Data Subject to Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80; Protected Classifications; Commercial Information; Online Activity; Geolocation Data; Sensory Information; Employment Information; Education Information and Inferences]Operating systems and platforms[Identifiers; Additional Data Subject to Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80; Protected Classifications; Commercial Information; Online Activity; Geolocation Data; Sensory Information; Employment Information; Education Information and Inferences]Social networks[Identifiers; Additional Data Subject to Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80; Protected Classifications; Commercial Information; Online Activity; Geolocation Data; Sensory Information; Employment Information; Education Information and Inferences]Consumer data resellers[Identifiers; Additional Data Subject to Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80; Protected Classifications; Commercial Information; Online Activity; Geolocation Data; Sensory Information; Employment Information; Education Information and Inferences]Disclosure of Personal Information for a Business PurposeWe may have disclosed to third parties the following categories of personal information for a business purpose:Identifiers such as a real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier (such as a device identifier; cookies, beacons, pixel tags, mobile ad identifiers and similar technology; customer number, unique pseudonym, or user alias; telephone number and other forms of persistent or probabilistic identifiers), online identifier, internet protocol address, email address, account name, Social Security number, driver’s license number, passport number, and other similar identifiersSignature, physical characteristics or description, state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, and other financial information, medical information, and health insurance informationCharacteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law, such as race, color, national origin, religion, age, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, marital status, medical condition, ancestry, genetic information, disability, citizenship status, and military and veteran statusCommercial information, including records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, and other purchasing or consuming histories or tendenciesInternet and other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding your interaction with websites, applications or advertisementsGeolocation DataAudio, electronic, visual, and similar informationProfessional or employment-related informationEducation information that is not publicly available personally identifiable information as defined in the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Sec. 1232g; 34 C.F.R. Part 99)Inferences drawn from any of the information identified above to create a profile about you reflecting your preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.California Consumer Privacy RightsYou have certain choices regarding our use and disclosure of your personal information, as described below.Access: You may have the right to request, twice in a 12-month period, that we disclose to you the personal information we have collected, used, disclosed and sold about you during the past 12 months.Deletion: You have the right to request that we delete certain personal information we have collected from you.We do not sell, and have not sold in the previous 12 months, consumers’ personal information.  How to Submit a Request: To submit an access or deletion request, click here or call us at 1-833-520-0506.Verifying Requests: To help protect your privacy and maintain security, we will take steps to verify your identity before granting you access to your personal information or complying with your request If you request access to or deletion of your personal information, we may require you to provide us with information about you to verify your identity. The type of information that we ask for may vary depending on the type and sensitivity of the personal information we hold about you or that you request. If additional information is required to verify your request, we may contact you to provide us with that information before responding to your request for access or deletion. In addition, if you ask us to provide you with specific pieces of personal information, we will require you to sign a declaration under penalty of perjury that you are the consumer whose personal information is the subject of the request. If you designate an authorized agent to make an access, deletion or opt-out of sale request on your behalf (1) we may require you to provide the authorized agent written permission to do so, and (2) for access and deletion requests, we may require you to verify your own identity directly with us (as described above).Additional Information: If you choose to exercise any of your rights under the CCPA, you have the right to not receive discriminatory treatment by us. To the extent permitted by applicable law, we may charge a reasonable fee to comply with your request. This Statement is available in alternative formats upon request. Please contact compliance@credera.com to request this Statement in an alternative format.Credera LogoServicesOur FirmInsightsIndustriesOur OfficesCareersPartnershipsPrivacy Policy (General)European Privacy PolicyCookie Settings© Copyright Credera 2020. All rights reserved.