http://www.equaliser.net/privacy-notice
Services
Software
Invent Partners has over a decade of software design and development experience, offering a comprehensive service that brings tangible benefits to your business. Seamless, functional software is our speciality.
Web Development
No matter how simple or complex your requirements, we have the perfect web developer on hand to help you achieve your objectives. With an entirely comprehensive range of skills, we’ve yet to be given a challenge that we can’t meet!
Mobile
All of our web development and specialist software services are delivered according to our ‘mobile first’ values where appropriate, but sometimes your website or cloud application requires a supplementary, feature-rich and beautifully functional mobile app.
See All Services
Based in the beautiful city of York, our team of web and software development experts help businesses across the UK to build better brand visibility and improve processes, for a healthier bottom line.
Projects
dotAdmin CMS
The dotAdmin CMS really is intuitive, feature-rich and comes with documentation and online tutorials. It also forms the basis of our dotAdmin website builder platform, which incorporates artificial intelligence decision making to help the user when they are building their site.
CAFS dental school software
Award-winning Clinical Assessment Feedback System (CAFS) is an innovative, efficient and time-saving piece of dental school software and tracking system to help dental schools to manage their students’ learning.
Car Dealer Website Platform
With the knowledge we’ve gained through our work with car supermarkets, motor auctions and independent car dealers, we’ve created a website design platform that fits the industry perfectly.
Clients
Open Source
Invent Invoice
A fun little foray into skeuomorphism, this compact, easy to use invoicing system is now available to download and use in your own business.
Bootstrap Responsive Tabs
Make your Bootstrap tab menus behave well in responsive layouts with this jQuery plugin from the developers at Invent Partners
Eliminate Duplicate Transactions in Google Analytics
This simple piece of javascript will reduce (or even eliminate) the number of duplicate transactions which are recorded in your Google Analytics reports.
All Open Source Software
We love open source! Here are our open source projects.
Free Stuff
Some free utilities and code snippets for you to download.
News
Login
Home
About
Privacy Notice
Privacy Notice
This is the privacy notice of Invent Partners Ltd.
We respect your privacy and are determined to protect your personal data. The purpose of this privacy notice is to inform you as to how we look after your personal data when you visit our website (regardless of where you visit it from). We’ll also tell you about your privacy rights and how the data protection law protects you.
This privacy notice is provided in a layered format so you can click through to the specific areas set out below.
1. WHO WE ARE AND IMPORTANT INFORMATION
2. THE PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU
3. HOW WE COLLECT YOUR PERSONAL DATA
4. HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
5. WHO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL DATA WITH
6. INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS
7. DATA SECURITY
8. DATA RETENTION
9. YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS
10. Changes to this notice and your duty to inform us of changes
11. QUERIES, REQUESTS OR CONCERNS
1. WHO WE ARE AND IMPORTANT INFORMATION
What is the purpose of this privacy notice?
This privacy notice aims to give you information on how we collect and process your personal data through your use of this website, including any data you may provide through this website when you sign up for our services, make an enquiry or purchase a product.
This website is not intended for children and we do not knowingly collect data relating to children.
You must read this privacy notice together with any other privacy notice we may provide on specific occasions when we are collecting or processing personal data about you so that you are fully aware of how and why we are using your data. This privacy notice supplements the other notices and is not intended to override them.
Data controller(s)
Invent Partners Ltd is the controller and responsible for your personal data (collectively referred to as "Invent Partners", "we", "us" or "our" in this privacy notice). Our contact details are Unit 22a Tower Business Centre, York, YO10 4UA, GB. Tel: 01904 636677. For all data matters contact Matt Bradley on info@inventpartners.com
OR
Invent Partners Ltd is the controller and responsible for this website.
Third-party links outside of our control
This website may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins and applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements.
When you leave our website, we encourage you to read the privacy notice of every website you visit.
2. THE PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU
Personal data, or personal information, means any information about an individual from which that person can be identified. You can find out more about personal data from the Information Commissioners Office.
We may collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of personal data about you which we have grouped together follows:
Identity Data includes first name/last name/ username/title/date of birth/gender.
Contact Data includes billing address/delivery address/email address/ telephone numbers.
We also collect, use and share Aggregated Data such as statistical or demographic data for any purpose. Aggregated Data may be derived from your personal data but is not considered personal data in law as this data does not directly or indirectly reveal your identity. For example, we may aggregate your Usage Data to calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific website feature. However, if we combine or connect Aggregated Data with your personal data so that it can directly or indirectly identify you, we treat the combined data as personal data which will be used in accordance with this privacy notice.
We do not collect any Special Categories of Personal Data about you (this includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health and genetic and biometric data). Nor do we collect any information about criminal convictions and offences.
If you fail to provide personal data
Where we need to collect your personal data by law, or under the terms of a contract we have with you and you fail to provide that data when requested, we may not be able to perform the contract we have or are trying to enter into with you (for example, to provide you with goods or services). In this case, we may have to cancel a product or service you have with us but we will notify you if this is the case at the time.
3. HOW WE COLLECT YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We use different methods to collect data from and about you including through:
Website enquiry forms;
User registration forms;
Mailing list signup forms.
Directly. You may give us your Identity, Contact and Financial Data by filling in forms or by corresponding with us by post, phone, email or otherwise. This includes personal data you provide when you:
Apply for our products or services;
Create an account on our website;
Subscribe to our service or publications;
Request marketing to be sent to you.
4. HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We will only use your personal data when the law allows us to. Most commonly, we will use your personal data in the following circumstances:
To respond to your new business enquiry; To contact you about changes to our services; To contact you about billing matters; To manage your account and services.
Performance of Contract this means processing your data where it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party or to take steps at your request before entering into such a contract.
Legitimate Interest this means the interest of our business in conducting and managing our business to enable us to give you the best service/product and the most secure experience. We make sure we consider and balance any potential impact on you (both positive and negative) and your rights before we process your personal data for our legitimate interests. We do not use your personal data for activities where our interests are overridden by the impact on you (unless we have your consent or are otherwise required or permitted to by law). You can obtain further information about how we assess our legitimate interests against any potential impact on you in respect of specific activities by contacting us on info@inventpartners.com.
Comply with a legal or regulatory obligation this means processing your personal data where it is necessary for compliance with a legal or regulatory obligation that we are subject to.
Generally we do not rely on consent as a legal basis for processing your personal data other than in relation to sending third party direct marketing communications to you via email or text message. You have the right to withdraw consent to marketing at any time by contacting us on info@inventpartners.com.
PURPOSES FOR WHICH WE WILL USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We have set out below, in a table format, a description of all the ways we plan to use your personal data, with the legal bases we rely on to do so.
Note that we may process your personal data for more than one lawful ground depending on the specific purpose for which we are using your data. Please contact us  on info@inventpartners.com if you need details about the specific legal ground we are relying on to process your personal data where more than one ground has been set out in the table below.
Purpose/Activity
Type of data
Lawful basis for processing including basis of legitimate interest
To register you as a new customer
(a) Identity, (b) Contact
Performance of a contract with you
Marketing
We strive to provide you with choices regarding certain personal data uses, particularly around marketing and advertising.
Promotional offers from us
We may use your Identity, Contact, Technical, Usage and Profile Data to form a view on what we think you may want or need, or what may be of interest to you. This is how we decide which products, services and offers may be relevant for you.
You will receive marketing communications from us if you have requested information from us or purchased goods or services from us or if you provided us with your details when you entered a competition or registered for a promotion and, in each case, you have not opted out of receiving that marketing.
Opting out
You can ask us to stop sending you marketing messages by contacting info@inventpartners.com at any time.
Where you opt out of receiving these marketing messages, this will not apply to personal data provided to us as a result of a product/service purchase, warranty registration, product OR service experience or other transactions.
Cookies
You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when websites set or access cookies. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this website may become inaccessible or not function properly. For more information about the cookies we use, please see https://www.inventpartners.com/about/privacy-policy.
Change of purpose
We will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. If you wish to get an explanation as to how the processing for the new purpose is compatible with the original purpose, please contact info@inventpartners.com.
If we need to use your personal data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so.
Please note that we may process your personal data without your knowledge or consent, in compliance with the above rules, where this is required or permitted by law.
5. WHO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL DATA WITH
We may have to share your personal data with the parties set out below for the purposes set out in the table in paragraph 4 above.
Our upstream service providers, where it is required in order to maintain your service;
To law enforcement, where it is required by court order or other appropriate legal means;
Professional advisers acting as processors or joint controllers including lawyers, bankers, auditors and insurers based in the United Kingdom who provide consultancy, banking, legal, insurance and accounting services;
HM Revenue & Customs, regulators and other authorities[acting as processors or joint controllers based in the United Kingdom who require reporting of processing activities in certain circumstances;
Third parties to whom we may choose to sell, transfer, or merge parts of our business or our assets. Alternatively, we may seek to acquire other businesses or merge with them. If a change happens to our business, then the new owners may use your personal data in the same way as set out in this privacy notice.
We require all third parties to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law. We do not allow our third-party service providers to use your personal data for their own purposes and only permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
6. INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS
If you are customer based within the EEA, we do not transfer your personal data outside the European Economic Area (EEA).
7. DATA SECURITY
We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know. They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.
8. DATA RETENTION
We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
By law we have to keep basic information about our customers (including Contact, Identity, Financial and Transaction Data) for six years after they cease being customers for tax purposes.
In some circumstances you can ask us to delete your data: see Your legal rights below for further information.
In some circumstances we may anonymise your personal data (so that it can no longer be associated with you) for research or statistical purposes in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you.
9. YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS
Unless subject to an exemption under the data protection laws, you have the following rights with respect to your personal data:
The right to request a copy of the personal data which we hold about you;
The right to request that we correct any personal data if it is found to be inaccurate or out of date;
The right to request your personal data is erased where it is no longer necessary to retain such data;
The right to withdraw your consent to the processing at any time, where consent was the lawful basis for processing your data;
The right to request that we provide you with your personal data and where possible, to transmit that data directly to another data controller, (known as the right to data portability), where applicable 9i.e. where our processing is based on consent or is necessary for the performance of our contract with you or where we process your data by automated means);
The right, where there is a dispute in relation to the accuracy or processing of your personal data, to request a restriction is placed on further processing;
The right to object to our processing of personal data, where applicable i.e. where processing is based on our legitimate interests (or in performance of a task in the public interest/exercise of official authority); direct marketing or processing for the purposes of scientific/historical research and statistics).
If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please contact info@inventpartners.com.
No fee required – with some exceptions
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable admin fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
What we may need from you
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
Time limit to respond
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
10. Changes to this notice and your duty to inform us of changes
This version was last updated on 22/05/2018 and historic versions can be obtained by contacting us.
Please keep us informed if your personal data changes during your relationship with us. It is important that the personal data we hold about you is accurate and current.
11. Queries, requests or concerns
To exercise all relevant rights, queries or complaints in relation to this policy or any other data protection matter between you and us, please in the first instance contact our data protection officer on info@inventpartners.com.
If this does not resolve your complaint to your satisfaction, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioners Office on 03031231113 or via email https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/email/ or at the Information Commissioner's Office, Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, Cheshire, SK9 5AF, England, UK.
Within this section
Privacy Notice
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Contact Invent Partners
“ From the outset, invent Partners got the balance right and were prepared to listen to our needs, whilst at the same time offering their depth of knowledge and experience. The end product we received is exceptional and has since proven its worth, fundamentally from a ‘back end’ input and management information viewpoint and importantly from a ‘front end’ consumer ease of use stance. Needless to say, we are growing our business as a result, with 80% of web business as ‘net new’. ”
Ged, Vertigrow Ltd
Contact Us
Name
Email
Telephone
Message
Submit
Tweets by @inventpartners
Key Links
Web Design
Bespoke Websites
Brochure Websites
Business Starter Pack
Dynamic and ecommerce websites
Mobile Websites
Validated & Tested HTML
Website Usability
Services
Mobile
Software
Hosting
Branding
Marketing
Projects
dotAdmin CMS
CAFS
Car Dealer Website Platform
About
Contact
Vacancies
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Privacy Notice
© 2020 Invent Partners Ltd |
Supporters of FdA Web Design, Wakefield