http://www.ace.co.nz/privacy
Auckland (09) 378-0411Hamilton (07) 838-0700Wellington (04) 472-4830Christchurch (03) 365-5020
Home
Courses
Schedules
Certifications
services
Support
About
Home •
About Us •
Information Policies •
Privacy
About Us
Privacy This website is owned and maintained by ACE Training Ltd. We can be reached via the following:
AucklandTelephone: (09) 378-0411 Email: info@ace.co.nz
3/46 Brown Street
Ponsonby
Auckland 1021
PO Box 46138
Herne Bay
Auckland 1147
Hamilton Telephone: (07) 838-0700
Email: info@ace.co.nz
Level 1, 420 Anglesea Street,
Cnr London & Anglesea St
Hamilton 3204 PO Box 876 Hamilton 3240
Wellington Telephone: (04) 472-4830
Email: info@ace.co.nz
1st Floor, 89 The Terrace
Wellington 6011
Christchurch Telephone: (03) 365-5020
Email: info@ace.co.nz
Unit 10, 15 Sir Gil Simpson Drive,
Canterbury Technology Park
Christchurch 8053
ACE is committed to protecting your privacy and ensuring the most powerful and safe online experience. If you feel that any of our sites has breached this privacy policy please contact us.
Coverage This privacy policy only covers websites directly owned and maintained by ACE Training Ltd at ace.co.nz and acetraining.co.nz. External links to third party websites are not covered by this policy.
Information Collection ACE Training Ltd is the sole owner of the information collected on all of our websites. ACE Training Ltd collects information from our users at several different points on our websites. We will only record your personal information (including e-mail address) if you disclose this information through a registration form, booking form, or direct contact with us.
Statistical Information There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by ACE. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used by ACE for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the ACE websites.
Registration In order to use certain parts of our websites, a user must first complete a registration form. During registration a user is required to provide their email address, and create a password. Users are also required to provide basic contact information, such as name and email address. We use this information to contact the user about services on our site for which they have expressed interest.
Booking We request information from the user on our order form. A user must provide contact information (such as name, email, and shipping address) and financial information (such as credit card number, expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill customer''''''''s orders. If we have trouble processing an order, the information is used to contact the user.
Information Use ACE Training Ltd''''''''s websites collect and use your personal information to operate our websites and deliver the services you have requested. It will only be used for the purpose for which you have provided it and related purposes within your reasonable expectations. We will only disclose your personal information to third parties where such disclosure is necessary for the performance of such purposes. We will also use your personally identifiable information to periodically inform you of other products or services available from ACE. ACE will not disclose your personal information for any other purpose without your consent. ACE Training Ltd does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.
Profile We store information that we collect to create a profile of our users. A profile is stored information that we keep on individual users that details their viewing preferences. Consequently, collected information is tied to the users personally identifiable information to provide offers and improve the content of the site for the user. This profile is used to tailor a user''''''''s visit to our website, and to direct pertinent marketing promotions to them. We do not share your profile with other third parties.
Use of Web Beacons ACE Training Ltd does not use web beacons - sometimes called single-pixel gifs - on our websites.
Log Files Like most standard website servers we use log files. This includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user''''''''s movement in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses, etc. are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Communications from the Site We send all new site members a welcoming email to verify password and username. Established members will occasionally receive information on products, services, special deals, and a newsletter. Out of respect for the privacy of our users we present the option to opt-out of all communications. If you no longer wish to receive newsletters and updates from us, contact us.
Newsletters If a user wishes to subscribe to our newsletter, we ask for contact information such as name and email address. If users ask to be removed from our newsletter, you will be promptly un-subscribed.
Information Sharing Though we make every effort to preserve user privacy, we may need to disclose personal information when required by law wherein we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process served on our website.
Changes to this Statement ACE will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. ACE encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how ACE is protecting your information.
Last updated on 26 July 2017.
Print this page