http://www.leakdetectionsolution.net/privacy-policy/
(941-928-2620) - (813-760-9114) FacebookTwitterLinkedinGoogle+
Home About Us Our Services Why Choose Us Testimonials FAQs Contact Us
Privacy Policy
268
This privacy policy covers all the privacy practices we follow in order to collect information from you. In case you think the company is not abiding by these policies, please contact us.
269
Information collected by us:
The Company is the sole owner of the data and information collected on this website or app and we do not sell or rent your information to others in ways that are different from the ones listed in this agreement.
270
Registration:
To use the services we offer, you must fill a short form and during your registration, we will ask for information such as your name, email address etc. We use this information to contact you and it will not be sold in any way. We might also get information about the things you search for, your preferences etc.
Cookies:
A cookie is a form of data that is stored on your hard drive and it contains information about you. The use of cookies is not harmful to you in any way and it is also not linked to any personal information that you submit on your website. The cookies are normally used to authenticate a user during the sessions. As soon as the user closes the browser, the cookies are terminated. By setting cookies, you do not have to login a password more than once per session and thus it makes your experience a pleasant one. In case a user tends to reject the cookies, he/she might not be able to use the website or app properly.
Log Files:
The Company makes use of IP address in order to examine trends, monitor the website, track movement of users, and collect information related to your location. These IP address are not linked to your personal information. We will share this information only to those companies that initiate the transactions and also we reserve the rights to share it with any governmental auditing companies who are entitled to analyze your log information.
Sharing:
The Company utilizes a credit card processing company in order to complete the transactions for goods and services. These companies do not have the rights to share or store information for any secondary reasons. We partner with a few companies to offer specific services, and when you, as a user, sign up for these services, your basic information such as name, email etc will be shared with the third party to provide you the required services. These parties are not permitted to use personal information except for the purpose of offering the services.
Links:
Our website has many links to other sites and as a Company, we are not liable for any privacy practices of those sites. We encourage our members to read their privacy policies before conducting any transaction with them. As soon as you leave our website, we are not responsible for any privacy rules applied on any third party site. This privacy statement is applied to information collected by the site only.
Surveys:
The Company may ask for some information from our users in the form of surveys. The participation in these surveys is not mandatory and you have choice whether or not to disclose the information. These surveys might ask for your contact details and other demographic information. These surveys are conducted only for the purpose of monitoring the website activities and analyzing the user’s satisfaction.
Security:
The Company aims to take all the security measures to make sure your information is protected. When you, as a user, submit the information via our website, we protect it both online and off-line.
You will be asked for certain sensitive information such as password, credit card number (only if required), etc while filling the registration form, and we take appropriate precautions to ensure your information is encrypted and we also utilize the best encryption method: SSL. When you are on a secure page on our website, such as credit card processing form, the lock icon found on the bottom of your web-browser will be locked (that clearly identifies that the information is protected, as opposed to the open format when you are surfing the site).
While our Company makes use of SSL encryption technology to safeguard your personal data online, we also take appropriate measures to protect your information off-line. Your information (which includes sensitive information) is restricted for office use only. It will be available only to those who need your information in order to perform some tasks such as billing clerk or a customer support agent etc. They will be granted access to your information for a certain period of time and after that period we will revoke the access. We use latest procedures and techniques to ensure your information is safe. Whenever we add new policies and techniques to our agreements, our employees are notified as well so that they can perform their job as per our new policies. Additionally, the information that is stored by our company is kept in a secure environment.
In case there is any question about the security, please send us a message.
Special Offers:
As a user, you can get a chance to win prizes based off of random selections. The Company will be sending a few special offers to our established members from time to time. We may also send some information about properties, services, new deals etc.
Site and Service Updates:
Leak Detection Solution LLC will be sending all the site and service updates to users. As a user, you are not allowed to unsubscribe from any service announcement that will be sent to you. The Company tries to communicate with members to provide relevant services, and aims to solve all the issues relating to your account via phone or emails.
Updating/ Correcting Personal Information:
As a member, you reserve the rights to change or update your personal information in case it changes (such as your email etc.). Or if you do not need our services anymore, you just need to inform us and we will update, correct or delete your information from our databases. You can send us an email, or contact us via phone.
Notification of Changes:
In case the Company makes any modification or alterations in their privacy policy, we will update those alterations on the homepage so that all the members are aware of the new updates about what sort of information will be collected, and used in several situations. In any event the Company decides to use your personal information for a reason other than the ones described in the agreement, we will notify you via email. Members will have the rights as to whether or not the Company will make use of their personal information in that different way. The Company will use information in accordance with the privacy policy listed in this document.