http://www.ectaco.com/company/terms_and_conditions/#delivery
ECTACO Sites:
United States
Australia
Canada
Germany
Poland
Russia
Spain
LingvoSoft UK
LingvoSoft DE
United Kingdom
GSA Contract #GS-35F-0218R
NYC Department of Education Vendor# ECT040000
US CAGE - NATO Sup. Code 097N5
Linguistic databases for 200+ languages
Search:
Advanced Search Wizard
eBook Readers
Electronic Translators
Translation Software
Learn a Language
Scan & Translate
Online Dictionaries
Contact Us
Home |
Company |
News |
Awards |
Testimonials |
Bestsellers |
Special offers |
Retail Locations |
Forum |
Partnership |
Your Account |
Cart
Contact us anytime!
Give us a call at
1-347-770-2047
or
to email.
About the company
Media backgrounder
Awards
Ectaco offices in the world
Job opportunities
Support
Testimonials
Latest news:
ECTACO iTRAVL 3 mini - 8 language Offline Voice Translator
Jan 20, 2020
ECTACO Partner P900 PRO is now available for the most popular European and Asian languages
Jul 31, 2019
Site news
|
Latest Releases
Subscribe to news
Learn about new ECTACO dictionaries and translators.Keep informed about the best discounts and gifts from the manufacturer!Subscribe for free:
E-mail address:
So that our letters do not end up in your spam folder please create a filter for the Ectaco.com domain (or add us to your whitelist).
Message format:
Text
HTML
Site news
Products news
Press releases
Terms and Conditions
Ectaco.com is the official corporate site of Ectaco, Inc.
Payment options
Return policy
Privacy policy
Security policy
Delivery options and charges
Warranty
Software update policy
Legal Notices and Trademarks
Payment options
The easiest and most convenient way to place an order is to use your credit card. All your information is transferred to our server in a secure mode. If you order a handheld dictionary no charges will be made to your account until we obtain a confirmation of the order from you.We accept the following credit cards: Visa, MasterCard, American Express, and Discover.We accept all debit cards with MasterCard or Visa logo.
We do accept checks or money orders denominated in U.S. dollars as payment for orders on our site. However, all orders will be shipped only once the check has cleared. These methods are available for U.S. and Canada only.
Our customers have the option of paying for an order with a bank transfer. After your payment has posted to our account, your order will be sent to you by FedEx. If you chose this method of payment, please be advised that JP Morgan Chase Bank charges a $30 service fee for wire transfers. Moreover, your Bank may also request some extra charges to be paid for a bank transfer. These fees are the responsibility of the customer.
Our customers have the option to pay for an order using PayPal.
Upon the receipt of your order, our sales staff will contact you (by phone or e-mail) to confirm the order. Once the order is confirmed, we will then debit your account (wait for the arrival of a money order, or wait for your check to clear.)
Buyers paying on PayPal must have their accounts Confirmed and/or the purchase must be eligible under seller protection. If PayPal does not say it is OK to ship we cannot ship the item for security reasons. Checkout can be done online or you can contact a representative to receive our PayPal account information.
For software orders, you may choose between the following methods of payment: check, postal money order, bank transfer, PayPal, Moneybooker, Google checkout, etc.Our representatives will contact you with further instructions after you submit your online order.
Return Policy
You can return hardware items purchased from us within 30 days from the date of receipt for exchange or refund. The goods must be returned in the original packaging and without any damage to hardware or software as the result of accident, abuse, misuse or service by any other party. Defective purchases returned for replacement will be replaced in a timely manner with no additional expenses to you.Returns for other reasons are made at the customer's expense and we will deduct from all refunds the cost of the original shipping and handling that we normally waive when you make a purchase from us. All returned items are also subject to a restocking fee equal to 6.5% of the purchase price.Ectaco.com is currently unable to accept returns of merchandise without its original packaging and accessories or items for return postmarked by the sender any later than 30 days after the date of the original delivery.A Return Merchandise Authorization (RMA) number must be obtained from Ectaco Inc. prior to the return of any merchandise. For an RMA number please contact us at the phone number given in your order confirmation letter.Software products are not refundable.If you have questions, please write to us at form.
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us. We use the information you provide about yourself when placing an order only to complete your order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete your order.During registration with our website you are given the option to receive offers, updates and news about our products and services. Information you submit on our website will not be used for this purpose unless you have agreed. To opt-out of this system, please send an email with the word 'unsubscribe' in the subject line to form or visit the 'my account' information page.For information about our transmission and storage of your sensative financial information, please see 'Safe Shopping'
here.
Should you have questions or concerns about our privacy policy, please send us an email at form.
Security policy
Shopping at Ectaco.com is safe. Our secure server software uses state-of-the-art commercial security measures. All of your personal and financial information including credit card number, name and address are protected by Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol. This protocol encrypts your information and converts it into bits of code that are securely transmitted over the Internet. To provide additional security for the credit card transactions, no charges will be made to your account until we obtain a confirmation of the order from you.
Delivery options and charges
All orders are shipped via UPS or FedEx courier services.If you choose standard delivery, the following conditions apply:
Shipping cost is determined by the weight & size dimensions of your purchased items, the distance between our warehouse and your shipping address, and how quickly you request the package be delivered. All orders shipped within the Continental US will be delivered by UPS ground. We use FedEx ground shipping for all deliveries to Canada. The price of standard ground shipping that will be indicated on all invoices is $12.8 or FREE shipping
for ANY items more than $98.
Delivery time depends on the destination and normally takes 3-5 working days. If accessories are ordered without a dictionary purchase, standard UPS/FedEx rates will be charged.
Standard charges for orders to non-contiguous US states and abroad:
Shipping & handling to Alaska and Hawaii costs $35
Shipping & handling to Western Europe costs approx. $42
Shipping & handling to Eastern Europe costs approx. $75
Shipping & handling to Asia (except to Saudi Arabia which costs approx. $60) costs approx. $55
Shipping & handling to Australia (except to remote areas in Australia which costs approx. $75) costs approx. $65
Shipping & handling via US Mail to a PO Box or other addresses within the Continental US costs $12.8
Shipping & handling to Canada costs $12.8 or FREE shipping for ANY items more than $98
Orders shipped to remote and out-of-delivery areas in Canada are subject to out-of-pickup-area surcharge of $100
Shipping & handling to Central and South America costs approx. $50
Shipping & handling of military orders via US Mail costs $12.8
We don't ship FedEx to Ukraine and any part of Russia, instead we ship from Russia and Kiev (if models available)
Shipping cost from Russia and the Ukraine costs from $90 to $120 (depending on region)
Shipping & handling to the other parts of the world costs approx. $75
The above shipping rates are only valid for parcels weighing up to 5lbs
Shipping & handling costs for parcels weighing 6lbs will be calculated as the cost of shipping & handling to one of the above countries multiplied by 1.8
Shipping & handling cost for parcels weighing over 6lbs will be calculated as the cost of shipping & handling to one of the above countries plus $6 per each additional lb.
Please note that FedEx defines the exact shipping rates and delivery times.
To find out about shipping & handling options for orders originating outside the US or Canada please visit the relevant countries' site:
australia.ectaco.com
www.ectaco.co.uk
www.ectaco.ca
www.ectaco.pl
www.ectaco.de
www.ectaco.com.es
www.ectaco.ru
If you prefer a faster delivery, please select from the options below:
Express delivery within the Continental US:
For third business day delivery, an additional $15 will be added to the standard delivery charge.
For second business day delivery, an additional $25 will be added to the standard delivery charge.
For overnight delivery on business days, an additional $35 will be added to the standard delivery charge.
For Saturday overnight delivery, an additional $45 will be added to the standard delivery charge.
Express delivery to Canada:
For second business day delivery, an additional $45 will be added to the standard delivery charge.
For overnight delivery on business days, an additional $80 will be added to the standard delivery charge.
Local sales taxes and/or customs duties, if applicable, are extra. Customer is responsible for payment of such extra charges. They might be requested by your shipping company. ECTACO has no knowledge nor responsibility for local taxes and duties in the countries, other than the US.
Items shipped to New York State are subject to an 8.875% sales tax, added to the order's total.
Please note that we cannot estimate the delivery time or guarantee ETA when delivering to P O Boxes.
ECTACO will not be held liable or responsible in the event that packages shipped to a P.O. Box are lost by the USPS. Customers who choose delivery to a PO Box use the USPS at their own risk.
The software available on this site is provided in downloadable form although some products may be provided on CD for an additional charge. Delivery time depends on the courier service and normally takes 5-7 business days. Express delivery options are not available for software CDs.
Please note that your order will be shipped the same day only if placed before 2 PM Est. time. We provide overnight and second day delivery on business days only.
Warranty
ECTACO, Inc. ("ECTACO") warrants to the end user that its products (products sold by ECTACO) will be free of defects in material and craftsmanship for a period of ONE YEAR from the date of original retail purchase, as evidenced by a sales receipt. If any defect occurs, the user must return the product either to the dealer or directly to one of the ECTACO offices. ECTACO will, at its option, repair or replace the product at no charge (customer pays for shipping only).
This warranty does not apply if the product has been damaged by accident, abuse, misuse or as a result of service by any other party.
Except for the limited warranties above, this product is provided on an "as is" basis, without any other warranties or conditions, express or implied, including, but not limited to, warranties of merchantable quality, merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose, or those arising by law, statute, usage of trade, or course of dealing. This warranty applies only to products manufactured by ECTACO and does not include batteries etc. Any damages caused by batteries are not covered by this warranty. Neither ECTACO nor our dealers or suppliers shall have any liability for any indirect, incidental, special, or consequential damages whatsoever, including, but not limited to, loss of revenue or profit, lost or damaged data or other commercial or economic loss, even if we have been advised of the possibility of such damages, or they are otherwise foreseeable. We are also not responsible for claims by a third party. Our maximum aggregate liability to you, and that of our dealers and suppliers, shall not exceed the amount paid by you for the ECTACO product as evidenced by your purchase receipt. If the laws of the relevant jurisdiction do not permit full waiver of implied warranties, then the duration of implied warranties and conditions are limited to the duration of the express warranty granted herein.
You may obtain additional information regarding the extended warranty program or reach a customer service representative at the ECTACO offices.
All products purchased from the Discount Center come with a 90-day guarantee.
Software Update Policy
Ectaco, Inc. does not provide unconditional free update of all the software versions. Software updates are granted depending on the changes in software the customers need.Updated software versions with significant changes (when first two figures in the version number change) are delivered to customers either at full or reduced prices, but not less than 50% of the regular price.Minor changes in software versions (when the last figure in the version number changes) are granted without any charge.
Please note, that according to our Terms and Conditions, registration keys and download information for software products are provided only once. Additional keys can only be generated for an additional charge. In order to minimize this charge we recommend you to take advantage of our Download Protection Service.
Legal Notices and Trademarks
Ectaco, Inc.
Your access to and use of this site ("Site") are subject to the terms and conditions listed below ("Terms and Conditions") and all applicable laws. By accessing and browsing the Site, you accept, without limitation or qualification, the listed Terms and Conditions.
Terms and Conditions
You should assume that all material on the Site is protected by copyright unless otherwise noted and may not be used except as permitted in these Terms and Conditions or in the text of the Site.
Your use of the Site is at your risk. ECTACO makes no warranties or representations as to its accuracy and ECTACO specifically disclaims any liability or responsibility for any errors or omissions in the content on the Site. Neither ECTACO nor any other party involved in creating, producing, or delivering the Site is liable for any direct, incidental, consequential, indirect, or punitive damages arising out of your access to, or use of, or inability to use or access, the Site. Without limiting the foregoing, everything on the Site is provided to you "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. Please note that some jurisdictions may not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so some of the above exclusions may not apply to you. Check your local laws for any restrictions or limitations regarding the exclusion of implied warranties.
Features, specifications and prices of products described or depicted on the Site are subject to change at any time without notice.
PLEASE NOTE: You may use only one discount OR one special offer per order. A discount cannot be added to, or combined with, any special offer. All discounts and gifts offered on the website may only be applied to purchases of Language Teacher, Universal Translator, iTRAVL, SpeechGuard, LingvoSoft and Partner dictionaries excluding products from the Discount Center and software costing less than $49.95.
A 48 hours sale discount can only be applied to a product's regular price and may not be applied in full in case if you order a product for the Member's price.
PLEASE NOTE: All complementary Gift Certificates (not paid for) may only be applied to purchases of certain ECTACO handheld dictionaries, excluding products from the Discount Center, and are valid with any purchase of ECTACO & LingvoSoft software costing $49.95 or more.
If we don't hear from you in one day as to which free products you chose to receive with your purchase, we will make that choice for you and pick the combination containing maximum number of free gifts.
If your order form contains more than one discount or special promotion, you will have to pick one which is preferable. Our manager will advise you on discounts and free gifts compatibility. If you do not choose your free gifts, we will make that choice for you and pick the combination containing maximum number of free gifts.
ECTACO assumes no responsibility, and shall not be liable for, any damages to, or viruses that may infect, your computer equipment or other property on account of your access to, use of, or browsing of the Site or your downloading of any materials, data, text or images from the Site.
ECTACO does not wish to receive any product, marketing, advertising or other ideas that are not covered by issued United States patents. If you send any communications or materials to the Site by electronic mail or otherwise, including any data, questions, comments, suggestions, or the like, all such communications are, and will be treated as, non-confidential and non-proprietary. Anything you transmit or post may be used by ECTACO for any purpose, including, but not limited to, reproduction, disclosure, transmission, publication, broadcast, and posting. Furthermore, ECTACO is free to use, without any compensation to you, any ideas, concepts, know-how, or techniques contained in any communication you send to the Site for any purpose whatsoever, including, but not limited to, developing, manufacturing, and marketing products using such information.
ECTACO is not responsible for the content of any site linked to or from the Site. Your linking to any other site is entirely at your own risk. While ECTACO may provide links on this Site to other sites, the inclusion of such links is for your convenience only and should not be interpreted as an endorsement of the owner/sponsor of the site or the content of the site. ECTACO disclaims all warranties, expressed and implied, as to the accuracy, validity, legality or otherwise of any materials or information contained in such sites.
Although ECTACO may from time to time monitor or review discussions, chats, postings, transmissions, bulletin boards and the like on the Site, ECTACO is under no obligation to do so and assumes no responsibility or liability arising from the contents of any such communications nor for any error, defamation, libel, obscenity, profanity, or inaccuracy contained in any such communication. You are prohibited from posting or transmitting any unlawful, threatening, defamatory, libelous, obscene, pornographic or profane material or any material that could constitute or encourage conduct that would be considered a criminal offense or give rise to civil liability, or otherwise violate any law. ECTACO will fully cooperate with any law enforcement authorities or court order requesting or directing ECTACO to disclose the identity of anyone posting such materials.
ECTACO software products licensed only to the final user and prohibited for resale by 3rd parties.
ECTACO may at any time revise these Terms and Conditions by updating this posting. Since your are bound by these Terms and conditions, you should therefore periodically visit this page, by clicking the Legal and Trademark hyperlink at the bottom of the ECTACO Web pages, to review the current Terms and conditions.
These Terms and Conditions are to be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of New York, United States of America, without reference to its conflicts of law rules.
Trademarks
The trademarks, logos, and service marks (collectively the "Trademarks") listed below are trademarks of ECTACO and/or its affiliates. Any other Trademarks used in the Site are trademarks of their respective owners. Nothing contained in the Site should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use any Trademark displayed on the Site without the written permission of ECTACO or such third party owner. Please note that this Trademark list is periodically updated and that neither this list nor its updates are all-inclusive lists of ECTACO's and its affiliates' trademarks. If there are any questions pertaining to ECTACO's Trademarks or this Trademark list, please send inquiries to ECTACO, Inc., ECTACO Corporate Center 31-21 31st Street, Long Island City, NY, 11106.
Partner
iTRAVL
jetBook
Language Teacher
Universal Translator
SpeechGuard
LingvoSoft
iTranslate
MorphoFinder
are trademarks of Ectaco, Inc.
Learn about ECTACO Trademarks
Top of page |
Company |
Terms and Conditions |
Free Online-Dictionaries |
Discount Center |
Testimonials |
News |
Support |
Your Account |
Help |
Home
© Copyright 1990-2020
ECTACO, Inc. All rights reserved.
Windows translation software
Android translation software
online electronic phrasebooks
online flashcard learning system
online english thesaurus