http://www.featuredrivendevelopment.com/privacy
Feature Driven Development
Certification
Discussions
Downloads
Galleries
Networking
Recommended Books
Resources
Privacy
Readme
Home
Privacy Policy
Sat, 11/09/2002 - 07:31 — admin
Privacy Policy
What this Privacy Policy Covers
This Privacy Policy covers our treatment of personally identifiable information that we collect when you are on the FDD site, and when you use our services.
This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that we do not own or control, or to people that we do not employ or manage.
Information Collection and Use
We collect personally identifiable information when you register for an account, and when you subscribe to our mailing lists.
You are not obliged to register in order to use many (but not all) of the features available on the site.
When you register with us, we ask for your name and email address. Once you register with the site and sign in to our services, you are not anonymous to us.
We may also automatically receive and record standard information on our server logs from your browser including your IP address, Drupal cookie information, and the page you requested.
We may generate statistics using these logs, in aggregate form only. None of your information would be published in these statistics.
We will use information for these general purposes: to fulfill your requests for certain products and services, and to contact you about support issues.
Information Sharing and Disclosure
We will not sell or rent your personally identifiable information to anyone.
We will only send personally identifiable information about you to other companies or people when:
We have your consent to share the information;
We need to share your information in order to provide the product or service you have requested;
We need to send the information to companies (such as our service provider) that work on behalf of us to provide a product or service to you. (Unless we tell you differently, these companies do not have any right to use the personally identifiable information we provide to them beyond what is necessary to assist us.);
We find that your actions on our web sites violate the usage guidelines for specific products or services.
Cookies
We may set and access cookies on your computer.
These cookies are only used in connection with your session and login information, and are only used within our site.
Your Ability to Edit and Delete Your Account Information and Preferences
We give you the ability to edit your Account Information and preferences at any time, including the ability to subscribe or unsubscribe from the newsletter and online services.
You may request deletion of your account by visiting our Account Deletion page, verifying your password once more and confirming your choice to terminate the account. Some information may possibly remain in our archived records after your account has been deleted.
Security
Your Account Information is password-protected for your privacy and security.
You should never re-use the same password on multiple services. The password may be transmitted in the clear, and it may be possible for an attacker to intercept it during transmission.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may edit this policy from time to time. If we make any substantial changes we will notify you by posting a prominent announcement on our pages.
Questions or Suggestions
If you have questions or suggestions, please contact our site administrator at admin @ featuredrivendevelopment.com
Login to post comments
User login
Username: *
Password: *
Request new password
Random image
Syndicate