http://www.selligent.com/website-terms-of-use
NL
EN
FR
DE
IT
ES
Product Stories
Blog
Resources Case Studies
White papers
eBooks & Guides
Product
Industry Trends
Analyst Reports
Cheat Sheets
Videos
Webinars
Podcasts
Privacy & Security Center
About Leadership
Events
Press
Careers
Contact
Offices
Website Terms of Use
Contact US
Request a Demo
Request Pricing
WEBSITE TERMS OF USE
These Terms and Conditions of Use ("Terms") apply to any and all visitors to http://www.selligent.com  (the "Site").
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THE SITE, which may, at any time, be revised and updated. You are therefore encouraged to periodically visit this page to review the most current Terms, to which you agree to be bound. The information and materials provided on the Site may be used for informational purposes only. By using, accessing, or downloading materials from the Site you agree to follow these Terms. If you do not agree to these Terms, do not use the Site.
Restrictions
The information and materials on this Site may be used only for personal, non-commercial purposes. No other use of the information or materials is authorized, unless in connection with the support of a Selligent product or service. As a condition of use, you must retain any and all copyright and other proprietary notices, without alteration, as set forth in the original materials or any copies thereof. Any violation of the foregoing may result in civil and/or criminal liabilities.
Ownership of Information and Materials
Selligent, Inc. and Selligent S.A. d/b/a Selligent Marketing Cloud along with their respective subsidiaries and affiliates (“Selligent”) owns all right, title and license in the contents of the Site. This includes any names, brands, logos, trademarks, images, text, graphics, photographs, illustrations, artwork, audio clips, video clips, software, copyrights, and other elements constituting the Site (collectively "Content"). Content is protected by copyrights and other intellectual property rights owned and controlled by Selligent, our affiliates, or our third-party licensors. Except as specifically provided herein or elsewhere on the Site, any unauthorized use of the Content or any other information and materials (including but not limited to white papers, press releases, data sheets, product descriptions and FAQs) found on this Site may violate copyright, trademark, and other laws. All such information and materials are the copyrighted works of Selligent. The use of any software downloaded or accessed from this Site are governed by and subject to the terms of the Subscription and Services Agreement accompanying or provided with the software. Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved.
Links to Other Web sites
As a convenience, and to make the Site truly service-oriented, Selligent may include links to complementary sites on the internet. These websites are owned and operated by third-parties. Selligent makes no representation and is not responsible for the availability of, or content located on or through, these third-party sites. A third-party link from the Site is not an indication that Selligent endorses the third-party or its site, or has any affiliation with or between Selligent and the third-party hosting the site. Use of the linked websites is at your own risk. When you leave the Site, Selligent encourages you to read the terms of use of such other websites.
Feedback
All comments, feedback, information or materials submitted to Selligent through or in association with your use of the Site shall be considered non-confidential (except as provided with respect to particular personal information in the Privacy Policy) and shall be considered Selligent property. By submitting such comments, information, feedback, or materials to Selligent, you grant to Selligent a no-charge, perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive license to use, copy, modify, display and distribute the submissions. Selligent may use such comments, information or materials in any way it chooses on an unrestricted basis and in accordance with applicable law.
Product Availability
Not all products or services mentioned on this Site may be available in your country. Please contact your local sales representative for products and services available in your country.
Export Control, Restricted Use Rights, and Applicable Law Access to this Site are governed by all applicable federal, state and local laws. All information and materials available on the Site are subject to U.S. export control laws and may also be subject to the laws of the country where you reside.
All Selligent products and publications are commercial in nature and provided with "Restricted Rights." Use, duplication or disclosure by the United States Government is subject to the restrictions set forth in DFARS 252.227-7015 and FAR 52.227-19.
Liability
Selligent endeavors to post on the Site only information that is correct, but you should understand that the Site is accessed free of charge. Accordingly, even if anything on the Site is incorrect, incomplete or misleading (even if as a result of our negligence), Selligent will not be responsible for any loss that may result thereof. This includes any action you may take or loss or injury you may suffer (direct or indirect including loss of pay, profit, opportunity or time, pain and suffering, any indirect, consequential or special loss, however arising) as a result of relying on any information on our Site.
Selligent is not liable for failure to comply with these Terms due to any event beyond our reasonable control.
IMPORTANT: SELLIGENT MAY NOT BE ALLOWED TO EXCLUDE OR LIMIT LIABILITY FOR DEATH OR PERSONAL INJURY CAUSED BY OUR NEGLIGENCE, FOR FRAUD, OR FOR ANY OTHER LIABILITY WHICH MAY NOT BY APPLICABLE LAW BE EXCLUDED OR LIMITED AND SELLIGENT DOES NOT DO SO.
Disclaimer
Selligent strives to provide you with useful, accurate, and timely information on this Site. Although Selligent makes no commitment to update the information or materials on this Site (which may be out of date), Selligent does attempt to provide visitors with accurate information and materials. Selligent may change the content of any information or materials available at this Site, or to the products described in them, at any time without notice; Selligent therefore assumes no responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of any information or materials found on this site.
You are responsible for reviewing this page from time to time to ensure compliance with the then-current terms because they will be binding on you. Certain provisions of these Terms may be superseded by expressly designated legal notices or terms located on particular pages of this Site. Information and opinions expressed in bulletin boards or other forums, if any, are not necessarily those of Selligent. Neither Selligent, nor its officers, directors, employees, agents, distributors, or affiliates are responsible or liable for any loss or damage (including without limitation actual, consequential, or punitive), liability, claim or other injury or cause related to or resulting from any information posted on Selligent’s Site. Selligent reserves the right to revise these Terms at any time. ALL INFORMATION AND MATERIALS AVAILABLE AT THIS SITE ARE PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AND SELLIGENT DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, CONDITIONS AND OTHER TERMS OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING THOSE RELATING TO SATISFACTORY QUALITY, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY OR ARISING FROM STATUTE, A COURSE OF DEALING, USAGE OR TRADE PRACTICE. IF YOUR USE OF THE MATERIALS OR INFORMATION ON THIS SITE RESULTS IN THE NEED FOR SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION OF EQUIPMENT OR DATA, YOU ASSUME ALL COSTS THEREOF.
Forums
You must only use the Site and any forums available from the Site for lawful purposes, and you must comply with all applicable laws, statutes and regulations, and any agreement between you and Selligent.
Selligent accepts no obligation to monitor the use of any forums linked from the Site. However, Selligent reserves the right to disclose any information as required by law and/or to remove, refuse to post, or to edit any information or materials, to block your access, and to take such other action as may be reasonably necessary to prevent any breach of these Terms or of applicable law or regulation. Selligent will, in its absolute discretion, fully cooperate with law enforcement and other relevant authorities with respect to any investigation of suspected unlawful activity or violation of network security.
Termination of Use
Selligent may, in its sole discretion, terminate or suspend your access to all or part of the Selligent Site, including, but not limited to any bulletin boards, forums, or comment sections therein, for any reason, including without limitation, breach of these Terms. The restrictions herein regarding materials appearing on the site and the representations and warranties, indemnities, and limitation of liabilities shall survive any such termination.
Privacy
Selligent is committed to respecting your privacy and protecting your personal information. Any information Selligent may collect regarding users of our Site is subject to our Privacy Policy which form part of these Terms.
Governing Law; Jurisdiction and Venue
To the fullest extent permitted by law, these Terms for http://www.selligent.com shall be governed by and construed in accordance with U.S. federal law of the laws of the State of California. Any legal action or proceeding relating to your access to, or use of, the Site shall be instituted in a state or federal court located in Santa Clara County, California.
General Provisions
If any provision of this agreement is deemed void, unlawful or otherwise unenforceable for any reason, that provision shall be severed from this agreement and the remaining provisions of this agreement shall remain in force. This contains the entire agreement between you and Selligent concerning your use of the site.
If any provision of these Terms is deemed void, unlawful or otherwise unenforceable for any reason, that provision shall be severed herefrom and the remaining provisions of the Terms shall remain in force.
Selligent may delay enforcing its rights under these Terms without losing them.
No waiver by either party of any right hereunder shall constitute a waiver of this or any other right.
If you have questions regarding these Terms, please email: info[at]selligent.com
Review the Selligent Privacy Policy.
These Terms were last updated on October 20th, 2018.
Copyright (c) 2018 | Selligent Marketing Cloud. SELLIGENT, SELLIGENT MARKETING CLUD and the SELLIGENT logos are registered trademarks in the United States, Canada, and other countries. All Rights Reserved.
All other trademarks, brands, and names are the property of their respective owners.
See our platform in action
book a demo
Browse
Events
Careers
Press
Privacy and Security Center
Resources
Case Studies
White Papers
eBooks & Guides
Industry Trends
Analyst Reports
Product
Cheat Sheets
Webinars
Videos
Podcasts
Blog
Digital Marketing Tips and Tricks from the Experts
Connect
Follow Us on Social Media for the Latest News
Selligent Marketing Cloud is part of the CM Group family of brands.
© Copyright 2020 Selligent Marketing Cloud. All rights reserved.  Privacy Policy | Website Terms of Use | Security