http://www.cotse.net/privacy/surveillance.htm
APacketdermLLCService
PUBLIC SURVEILLANCE
Whether it's by nosy individuals or our government, we're being
watched in more places every day.
Customs eyes self-service - New Zealand
"New Zealand Customs and Auckland International Airport have begun shopping for self-service border control kiosks that look set to spell the end of face-to-face checks by Customs staff on all visitors, speeding up border checks for "trusted travellers"."
Full story - stuff.co.nz
Submitted by Anonymous, Tue Oct
4 17:27:13 EDT 2005
New Case Reveals Routine Abuse of Government Surveillance Powers
"The Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF) is arguing that a New York federal court should stand by its decision to require probable cause to believe a crime has been or is about to be committed before letting the government secretly track people using their cell phones."
Full story - EFF
Submitted by Anonymous, Tue Sep 27 14:52:53 EDT 2005
Phone crash photos 'invading privacy'
"Snap-happy amateur photographers armed with cellphones are invading the privacy of crash victims and capturing disturbing images, police warn."
Full story - STUFF
Submitted by Anonymous, Tue Sep 27 14:40:10 EDT 2005
Cameras watch, nudge thugs
"Residents love them for the way they protect their streets. Cops say they help push dope dealers away."
Full story -
Cincinnati.com
Submitted by Anonymous, Sun Sep 25 06:18:50 EDT 2005
Crave privacy? New tech knocks out digital cameras
"Researchers at the Georgia Institute of Technology have come up with an inexpensive way to prevent digital cameras and digital video cameras from capturing that secret shot."
Full story - ZDNet
Submitted by Anonymous, Mon Sep 19 07:53:21 EDT 2005
I Have a Chip, but It's Not on My Shoulder
"Can a microscopic tag be implanted in a person's body to track his every movement? There's actual discussion about that. You will rule on that - mark my words - before your tenure is over... - Sen. Joseph Biden, to Judge John Roberts at his confirmation hearings, Sept. 12"
Full story - Washington Post
Submitted by Anonymous, Mon Sep 19 07:39:01 EDT 2005
School decides on toilet cameras
"More than 80 parents have complained to a school in Lancashire after cameras were installed in the toilets there."
Full story - BBC
Submitted by Anonymous, Sat Sep 17 10:38:17 EDT 2005
Author Asks, Will Big Brother Track Your Every Move?
"For years automobiles have been outfitted with satellite tracking devices, to locate cars in an emergency or when one is stolen. Florida has a new law requiring a "unique personal identifier" to recognize individuals in court cases, and John Roberts, the nominee for the position of Chief Justice of the US Supreme Court, argued years ago for a revised national identification system."
Full story - emediawire.com
Submitted by Anonymous, Sat Sep 17 10:28:43 EDT 2005
Wiretap mosques, Romney suggests
"Governor Mitt Romney raised the prospect of wiretapping mosques and conducting surveillance of foreign students in Massachusetts, as he issued a broad call yesterday for the federal government to devote far more money and attention to domestic intelligence gathering."
Full story - Boston.com
Submitted by Anonymous, Thu Sep 15 12:37:58 EDT 2005
They're watching you
"Whoever you are, wherever you are, at any given moment some friend or foe may be watching you. That's today's reality...
Personal surveillance is of two kinds, public and private... Although public surveillance has many times the scope of private surveillance, the two realms' technologies constantly overlap: The same devices may entrap the frisky husband and the errant embassy official."
Full story -globetechnology.com
Submitted by Anonymous, Tue Sep 13 10:26:29 EDT 2005
In China's cyberspace, many do not know the dangers of a careless phrase
"Liu Di, a 24-year-old Beijing translator, uses encryption software whenever she sends off emails, but not everyone is that careful.
"People aren't aware of the risks that are involved when they receive or send emails," she said. "But most emails are in fact monitored.""
Full story - designerz.com
Submitted by Anonymous, Mon Sep 12 09:18:00 EDT 2005
Camera Phones Give Flashers Unexpected Exposure
"When the stranger on the subway car unzipped his fly and started fondling himself, Thao Nguyen, 23, did what any woman confronted by a flasher might like to do.
She took out her cellphone, snapped him in the act with its built-in camera, then posted the image online."
Full story - L.A. Times
Submitted by Anonymous, Tue Sep
6 09:10:42 EDT 2005
More parents go high-tech to keep tabs on kids
"...thanks to modern technology, parents of teenagers can effectively have ... sense of security about where their children are, what they're doing, what they're eating, how fast they're driving, and whether they're in bed at the right hour. Through the newest cell phones, Global Positioning Systems, electronic lunch pay systems being used in schools, and monitoring devices installed inside cars, parents are using high-tech means to keep tabs on their kids, and know that they're safe."
Full story - Bloggingbaby.com
Submitted by Anonymous, Mon Sep
5 13:02:43 EDT 2005
Electronic Tags Used to Track Immigrants
"The use of new electronic devices to track products, pets, and people using radio frequencies is growing at what privacy advocates say is an alarming rate, given concerns that the technology is being implemented without proper safeguards, in both the public and the private sectors."
Full story - The New Standard
Submitted by Anonymous, Mon Sep
5 10:08:12 EDT 2005
Activists keep eye on Big Brother
"Six could be seen peering out from a chain drug store on Broadway. One protruded awkwardly from the awning of a fast-food restaurant. A supersized, domed version hovered like a flying saucer outside Columbia University.
All were surveillance cameras and -- to the dismay of civil libertarians and with the approval of law enforcement -- they've been multiplying at a dizzying rate all over Manhattan."
Full story - Contra Costa Times (reg. req.)
Submitted by Anonymous, Mon Sep
5 09:42:28 EDT 2005
Privacy and high-tech (editorial)
"The U.S. Constitution contains no explicit language on privacy, though a number of amendments imply that Americans have a right to it.
But it is left to the courts and state legislatures to define privacy, thus giving us the case of the camera phone and a Virginia man's apparently legal effort to use one to take a photo up a woman's skirt last year at a local shopping mall."
Full story - PennLive (reg. req.)
Submitted by Anonymous, Fri Sep
2 09:34:24 EDT 2005
Do surveillance cameras make the city safer? (opinion)
"San Francisco is the latest city to succumb to the siren song of Big Brother technology. The announcement of a 90-day pilot program to post two video surveillance cameras in the Western Addition is a well-intentioned but ultimately misguided response to the problem of street crime. High-tech cameras sacrifice precious privacy while providing very little in return in the way of added safety. In a city that has long prided itself on its dedication to civil liberties, this is a disheartening turn of events."
Full story - SFGate
Submitted by Anonymous, Sun Aug 28 08:50:09 EDT 2005
Surveillance as a system's safety net
"New York will have a more advanced web of high-tech transit security than any other city in the United States when the MTA installs its planned network of surveillance cameras and sensors.
The new system, moreover, will be adaptable to coming generations of technology. Devices that aim to detect explosives, recognize faces, measure signs of nervousness such as perspiration and track someone from place to place all are being developed and refined."
Full story - Newsday
Submitted by Anonymous, Sun Aug 28 08:49:07 EDT 2005
'Eyes in the sky' for homeland security
"Blimps, they're the next big thing in homeland security."
Full story - MSNBC
Submitted by Anonymous, Fri Aug 26 18:46:41 EDT 2005
Is it legal to use hidden cameras in schools?
"Knox County school officials say several hidden cameras have been used in schools in circumstances similar to the one discovered in a teacher's lounge at Gresham Middle School, a room where both teachers and cheerleaders changed their clothes.
School administrators say they used the camera at Gresham in an attempt to catch a candy thief... "If I were a teacher, I think I would argue that I had a reasonable expectation of privacy to go in and change between classes and things like that," said attorney Greg Isaacs."
Full story - The Star
Submitted by Anonymous, Thu Aug 25 19:43:48 EDT 2005
The right to be left alone (editorial)
"SHOULD THE STATE have the ability to track your movements with tiny radio transmitters?
This is the essence of the debate behind Senate Bill 682, which reaches a critical juncture today in the Assembly Appropriations Committee."
Full story - SFGate
Submitted by Anonymous, Thu Aug 25 09:23:00 EDT 2005
India:
Panel favours severe punishment for video voyeurs
"VOYEURS using technology to have some fun at the expense of others may have to pay a heavy price.
An expert committee constituted for an in-depth review of issues relating to Information Technology Act, 2000 is learnt to have favoured treating `video voyeurism' as a criminal offence, punishable with imprisonment up to one year or with a fine of up to Rs 2 lakh. The accused might also have to shell out a compensation of as much as Rs 25 lakh to the person affected."
Full story - The Hindu Business Line
Submitted by Anonymous, Wed Aug 24 17:05:56 EDT 2005
Privacy Invasion as ROI (editorial)
"In January 2004, the Association for Automatic Identification and Mobility published an essay entitled, "The ROI of Privacy Invasion."
The article established and demolished a strawman vision of potential government surveillance through RFID, positing that it would cost the federal government in excess of $1T to establish a "national spy network" of RFID readers monitoring all of the malls, airports, parks, playgrounds and churches."
Full story - AIM
Submitted by Anonymous, Wed Aug 24 16:55:27 EDT 2005
E-tags are another example of surveillance by stealth
"Many Sydneysiders may cheer when the Cross City Tunnel opens for business this Sunday. But as you whiz through the tunnel, remember to wave goodbye not only to those 18 sets of traffic lights, but also something less tangible - your anonymity."
Full story - smh.com.au
Submitted by Anonymous, Wed Aug 24 11:23:29 EDT 2005
Nixon questions traffic camera use
"Attorney General Jay Nixon...
"In order to run a red light, it takes a vehicle and a person". "The method they've established in this area deals only with the machine, not the person driving it, unless we're talking about Herbie the Love Bug or My Mother the Car."...
Owners of vehicles that fail to stop for red lights at the intersections will have their license plates photographed and will later receive a ticket in the mail.
Nixon criticizes the procedure because the responsibility of the ticket falls on the owner of the vehicle, no matter who is driving at the time of the violation."
Full story - St. Louis Post-Dispatch
Submitted by Anonymous, Sun Aug 21 09:10:42 EDT 2005
Cameras will keep eye on crime at Coral Springs park
"CORAL SPRINGS - Twice in recent months, vandals have covered the play area of Betti Stradling Park with graffiti that cost the city hundreds of dollars to clean up...
City officials this week agreed to spend $49,000, plus an annual $5,194 maintenance fee, on 11 digital security cameras"
Full story - Sun-Sentinel
Submitted by Anonymous, Sun Aug 21 08:58:44 EDT 2005
Someone is watching you
"Eyes follow you while you're driving on the Kensington Expressway.
They see you taking a bus or Metro Rail.
They watch you at the mall and shopping centers.
And in some high-crime neighborhoods, they are watching you.
There are few places these days where a surveillance camera isn't watching your comings and goings."
Full story - Buffalo News
Submitted by Anonymous, Fri Aug 19 12:13:27 EDT 2005
ID cards could be used for mass surveillance system
"The Government is creating a system of "mass public surveillance" capable of tracking every adult in Britain without their consent, MPs say. They warn that people who have never committed a crime can be "electronically monitored" without their knowledge...
Civil liberties groups say the plans are a "dangerous" threat to people's privacy."
Full story - The Belfast Telegraph
Submitted by Anonymous, Thu Aug 18 10:58:01 EDT 2005
Funkwerk: subway video monitoring system for Olympic venue Turin
"The Thuringia-based telecommunications technology manufacturer Funkwerk has secured an order from the Italian city of Turin, the venue of the Olympic Winter Games 2006, to equip the city's new municipal subway with a video monitoring system... After its completion - the commencement of partial operations of the new Turin subway is scheduled to coincide with the beginning of the Winter Olympic Games on February 10 - a total of 600 CCTV (Closed Circuit Television) cameras will ensure the safe and smooth running of the fully automated subway system."
Full story - heise online
Submitted by Anonymous, Wed Aug 17 11:59:11 EDT 2005
UK to test RFID-tagged license plates
"LONDON - Tracking of vehicles with radio frequency identification (RFID) tags on licenses is about to be tested in Great Britain, and the U.S. government and businesses are watching closely as they consider the idea, Wired magazine reported last week. The high-tech license plates will contain microchips capable of transmitting unique vehicle identification numbers and other data to readers more than 300 feet away."
Full story - Towardfreedom.com
Submitted by Anonymous, Wed Aug 17 11:51:59 EDT 2005
The FCC's invite to Big Brother (commentary)
"With the ZyXel phone, you can make phone calls wherever there's an accessible Wi-Fi connection. But if the federal government has its way, you'll be tracked wherever you go.
Buried in the convoluted 91-page legalese of a recent Federal Communications Commission release on voice over Internet Protocol (VoIP) is a proposal with worrisome privacy implications."
Full story - CNet
Submitted by Anonymous, Mon Aug 15 10:18:45 EDT 2005
Closed circuit cameras capture Britons hundreds of times each day
"London ... has more closed circuit television cameras than any other city on earth, experts say.
"London has been the surveillance capital of the world for certainly the last 10 years," said Simon Davies, director of the British-based advocacy group Privacy International. "There is nothing like London anywhere in the world - nothing that even approximates London.""
Full story - The Daily Sentinal
Submitted by Anonymous, Sun Aug 14 09:37:37 EDT 2005
NYCLU Questions Use Of Security Cameras
"Six could be seen peering out from a chain drug store on Broadway. One protruded awkwardly from the awning of a fast-food restaurant. A supersized, domed version hovered like a flying saucer outside Columbia University.
All were surveillance cameras and - to the dismay of civil libertarians and with the approval of law enforcement - they've been multiplying at a dizzying rate all over Manhattan."
Full story - 1010 WINS
Submitted by Anonymous, Fri Aug 12 17:09:02 EDT 2005
Wireless World: Chips track license plates
"A controversial plan to embed radio frequency identification chips in license plates in the United Kingdom also may be coming to the United States, experts told UPI's Wireless World.
The so-called e-Plate, developed by the British firm Hills Numberplates, is a license plate that also transmits a vehicle's unique identification via encryption that can be read by a small detector, whose output can be used locally or communicated to a distant host."
Full story - Washington Times
Submitted by Anonymous, Fri Aug 12 12:39:13 EDT 2005
Judge to rule on legality of cell-phone skirt photo
"The attorney for a Virginia man told a Cumberland County judge Tuesday that, though his client acted in bad taste when he took a picture up a woman's skirt, he wasn't doing anything illegal."
Full story - The Sentinel
Submitted by Anonymous, Fri Aug 12 12:37:38 EDT 2005
Terror threat sharpens focus on urban spy cameras
"WASHINGTON - The striking images of London subway bombers captured by the city's extensive video surveillance system, and a rising sense that similar attacks could happen in the United States, is stirring renewed interest in expanding police camera surveillance of America's public places."
Full story - Sun Herald
Submitted by Anonymous, Thu Aug 11 10:24:06 EDT 2005
Homeland Security agency deploys ID tags in visitor forms
"The Customs and Border Protection bureau has embedded forms filled out by visitors with radio frequency identification tags in hopes of reducing lines at U.S. entry and exit points."
Full story - Govexec.com
Submitted by Anonymous, Wed Aug 10 17:00:52 EDT 2005
U.S. cities focus on spy cameras
"... But to critics, whose reservations are based primarily on privacy concerns, the London attacks also highlighted the limitations of camera surveillance. London has one of the world's largest surveillance systems - the average person there is photographed by 300 cameras in the course of a day, according to an often-cited 1999 calculation by two British academics - yet that did not prevent terrorist bombings in the heart of the city."
Full story - kansascity.com
Submitted by Anonymous, Wed Aug 10 09:10:38 EDT 2005
Brit License Plates Get Chipped
"The British government is preparing to test new high-tech license plates containing microchips capable of transmitting unique vehicle identification numbers and other data to readers more than 300 feet away.
Officials in the United States say they'll be closely watching the British trial as they contemplate initiating their own tests of the plates, which incorporate radio frequency identification, or RFID, tags to make vehicles electronically trackable."
Full story - Wired
Submitted by Anonymous, Tue Aug
9 08:56:22 EDT 2005
Spotlight: Unmanned Planes Allow Secret Surveillance of U.S. Civilians
"From www.epic.org: This month's Spotlight on Surveillance shines on unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs), equipped with cameras and sensors that produce high-resolution imagery and track moving targets. UAVs, which cost $350,000 to $4.5 million each, were designed for military use and have been deployed in Afghanistan and Iraq. Now this military technology could be used by the federal government for aerial surveillance of civilians in the United States."
Full story - EPIC's Spotlight on Surveillance
Submitted by Anonymous, Tue Aug
9 08:47:48 EDT 2005
Watching out for the right things (editorial)
"Is the argument for surveillance cameras on the streets of Long Island any stronger since the terrorist bombings in London? Suffolk Legis. Jon Cooper (D-Lloyd Harbor) says that cameras allowed police in London to identify the bombers and to plaster pictures of others involved in a botched second attempt across the United Kingdom. Locally, he thinks surveillance would be useful for apprehending criminals in places where "gangs, drugs and rapists terrorize the community."
But, just as proposals for cameras in Riverhead and Hempstead have run into opposition, Cooper's bill has been stalled in committee since March. Opponents include Legis. Allan Binder (R-Huntington), who says, "It's an incredible invasion of privacy ... we are not talking about subways or national security.""
Full story - Newsday
Submitted by Anonymous, Sun Aug
7 12:51:08 EDT 2005
Keeping watch on track (editorial)
"AS much as we don't like Big Brother eyeing our every move, the use of TV surveillance cameras on subways, trains and in major transportation hubs could prove an invaluable deterrent to terrorists."
Full story - Pasadena Star News
Submitted by Anonymous, Sun Aug
7 04:06:31 EDT 2005
[EDITORIAL] Confession of bugging
"To our dismay, the National Intelligence Service yesterday admitted it had systematically carried out illegal wiretapping under the Kim Dae-jung government. It has thus far asserted that no illegal eavesdropping had been conducted since the Kim government was inaugurated in 1998.
More shockingly, the spy agency also acknowledged that its wiretapping operations included interception of calls between mobile and fixed-line phones. Since the mid-1990s, the spy agency has been suspected of illegally listening in on cell phone conversations."
Full story - Korea
Herald
Submitted by Anonymous, Fri Aug
5 11:15:42 EDT 2005
Uri urges special law to reveal secret tapes
"The governing Uri Party said yesterday it will propose a special law that would empower independent investigators to sidestep privacy statutes so that contents of a cache of hundreds of tape recordings gathered illegally by government eavesdroppers can be made public."
Full story - Joong Ang Daily
Submitted by Anonymous, Tue Aug
2 10:48:41 EDT 2005
Cameras, safety and privacy (commentary)
"...
Yet many civil libertarians still regard videocams as a gross violation of our personal space. The American Civil Liberties Union of the National Capital Area opposed a plan for cameras in Washington, D.C., insisting they "seriously intrude on individuals' right to privacy and have the potential to track individuals in their daily routines."
But what privacy right? Walking down the street or sitting in a park is a public activity, visible to any passerby. It's hard to see how my privacy is secure with 100 bystanders watching me but reduced to tatters by a single video camera."
Full story - Washington Times
Submitted by Anonymous, Sat Jul 30 08:52:49 EDT 2005
Researching RFID's Surveillance Potential
"... The Sorting Door project aims to examine the potential for RFID's application to surveillance, and to assess the resulting impact on privacy of such an application. The research will focus on surveillance of individuals based on RFID tags embedded in clothing they are wearing, or in devices or objects they are carrying, such as building access badges and contactless payment cards."
Full story - RFID Journal
Submitted by Anonymous, Fri Jul 29 10:36:01 EDT 2005
Bill aims to protect ID-carrying microchips
"When students at a Sutter County elementary school wore tiny electronic tags last winter to take attendance as they walked into class, they ignited a fight between high technology and civil liberty... Simitian's Senate Bill 682 would set standards for use of such technology by public agencies. It would ban for three years the use of radio-frequency tags on driver's licenses, public library cards, government health or benefit cards, and on student ID cards in kindergarten through high school."
Full story - ModBee
Submitted by Anonymous, Sun Jul 24 14:24:21 EDT 2005
Use of Video Surveillance on the Rise
"Pressure is building for greater use of video cameras to keep watch over the nation's cities - particularly in transportation systems and other spots vulnerable to terrorism - after the bombings in London.
The calls have come over the last few weeks as British investigators released surveillance footage of the bombers in the deadly July 7 attacks and then put out frames of suspects in Thursday's failed attacks."
Full story - AP
Submitted by Anonymous, Sun Jul 24 06:17:18 EDT 2005
Electronic eyes on rise in Colorado
"Government-run surveillance cameras that watch Coloradans are spreading, and state officials plan to route images into a new local counterterrorism intelligence center, although privacy concerns loom."
Full story - Denver Post
Submitted by Anonymous, Fri Jul 22 12:55:25 EDT 2005
Police increasingly turn to surveillance cameras
"In San Diego, a man shoots at a store clerk; in Orlando, Fla., thieves snatch a dozen puppies from a breeder's kennel; in Houston, an arsonist isn't caught in the act when he torches a nightclub, leading to a fireman's death, but cameras see him buying the gas cans and filling them up, and a jury gives him life in prison."
Full story - MSNBC
Submitted by Anonymous, Fri Jul 22 09:25:17 EDT 2005
Other resources on PUBLIC SURVEILLANCE:
ACLU: The Growth of an American Surveillance Society (Jan 2003)
EPIC Face Recognition
Google this site
Privacy Watch
Index
Digital/Data Privacy:
Anonymity
Carnivore
Cellphones
Chat & Instant
Messaging
Children's Privacy
Children's Online
Safety
Content Filtering &
Monitoring
Data Mining
Data or ID Theft
Data Protection
DoNotCall
Echelon
Email & Usenet
Magic Lantern
Medical Privacy
People-Finding
Sexual Privacy
Shopping
Spyware, Adware &
Malware
Stalking
Web Surfing &
Browsers
Workplace Issues
Your Data Online
Public Surveillance
Civil Liberties & Freedoms:
Free Speech: Offline
Free Speech: Online
Freedom of Information
Freedom of the Press
Law & Enforcement
Search and Seizure
Students' Rights
Terrorism / Homeland
Defense
Civil Liberties
Legislation:
Local, State, or
Regional
National
Other:
Editor's Picks
Lawsuits to Watch
Other News
General:
Login
Home
Subscribe or Renew
Services
Pricing
Policies
Testimonials
Current Specials
About Us
Contacting Us
Support:
Index
FAQ
Basics
Email
Set up email app
iPhone/iPad/iPod Mail
Android Mail
Proxies
Web Hosting
SSH Tunnels
VPN
Mail Filter Order
Other
Resources
DMCA Notices to: DMCA@cotse.net
Support to: helpdesk@cotse.net
Abuse to:abuse@cotse.net
News Flash
Privacy Watch Index
FTC Brings Charges Against Company Flagged In CDT ComplaintFrom cdt.org: The Federal Trade Commission announced today that it had brought charges against Odysseus Marketing, publisher of a software product called ClientMan. The Center for Democracy & Technology had first identified ClientMan as one ...Read more
FaceTime Identifies Fake Google Toolbar Propagated Thru Instant Messaging and Internet Relay ChatFaceTime today warns users about malicious links being spread through instant messaging (IM) and Internet Relay Chat (IRC) which downloads a rogue, fake Google toolbar and adware on users machines and re-directs users to a ...Read more
Want to check your e-mail in Italy? Bring your passport.ROME - An antiterror law makes Internet cafe managers check their clients' IDs and track the websites they visit...
After Italy passed a new antiterrorism package in July, authorities ordered managers offering public communications ...Read more
Start-up getting financing for fingerprint technologyA San Francisco start-up, Pay By Touch Solutions, is expected to announce today $130 million in fresh financing for a novel way of paying for groceries and other goods and services: a machine that reads ...Read more
Court strikes down bank privacy lawFederal law trumps California's law restricting financial institutions from distributing information about their customers to affiliated businesses, a U.S. District Court judge ruled Tuesday...Read more
FTC Targets Company Secretly Installing Spyware that Can't Be UninstalledOdysseus Marketing and its principal, Walter Rines, advertised software they claimed would allow consumers to engage in peer-to-peer file sharing anonymously... The agency charges that the claims are bogus. First, the software does not make ...Read more
Another data security bill in the worksRep. Mike Castle, a Delaware Republican, said at a Visa cardholder security conference here that he plans to introduce "in the next couple of days" a revised version of the bill that he has been ...Read more
Government Cracks Down On Spyware OperationGovernment regulators are trying to shut down a company they say secretly downloaded spyware onto the computers of unwitting Internet users, rendering them helpless to a flood of pop-up ads, computer crashes and other annoyances...Read more
Touch-screen voters feel exposed... The Diebold machines - which will be installed at voting precincts throughout Utah by 2006 - sit atop stands and have tilt-top screens and plastic covers that can be adjusted. But some voters felt ...Read more
Protect, don't suffocate me on ID theft (opinion)I am not myself these days. I don't know who I am, but I am definitely not myself. A lady on the phone as much as told me so. This was after she had given ...Read more
Google this site
Search Cotse.Com
Back To Top
Cotse.Net
is a subsidiary of Packetderm, LLC. The Cotse.Net logo and
all content are © 2004 by Packetderm, LLC., unless
otherwise specified. All rights reserved.
Photos on this site are © PhotoDisc.