http://www.microguru.com/privacy/
Microguru Corporation
Home
StockQuery
Contact us
About us
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
We take your privacy seriously. Please read the following to learn more about our privacy policy.
The federal government and technology industry have developed practical tips to help
you guard against internet fraud, secure your computer and protect your personal information.
Confidentiality
Users have the possibility to enter their e-mail address for various functions on our website. We do not
rent, sell, or share your personal information or email address with any other companies.
However, we may use the data to communicate with you, for example, informing you about your account,
security updates and product information.
Security
We’re dedicated to securing your information to keep you safe. We have
added suitable electronic, physical and managerial safeguards to protect the
information that we collect from the Web.
Children's Privacy
We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13.
If we learn that we have personal information on a child under the age of 13, we will delete that information
from our systems. We encourage parents to go online with their kids. Here are a few tips to help make a child's online experience safer:
Teach kids never to give personal information, unless supervised by a parent or responsible adult.
Includes name, address, phone, school, etc. Know the sites your kids are visiting and which sites
are appropriate. Look for Web site privacy policies. Know how your child's information is treated.
Personal data
Like most Web sites, our servers use log files to analyze trends, log application errors, administer the site, track user's
movement in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use.
When visiting our website, the IP address used to access the site may be logged along with the dates
and times of access.
Links to third party websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to
leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over other websites. Therefore, we cannot be
responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and
such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and
look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Cookies
We use cookies (small text files placed on your device) and similar technologies to provide our websites
and online services and to help collect data. Cookies allow us, among other things, to store your preferences
and settings; enable you to sign-in; combat fraud; and analyze how our websites and online services are performing.
Privacy   Terms & Conditions