http://www.mainframes.com/privacy.html
Contact Us | Sitemap
Privacy Policy - Mainframes.com
SDS | Privacy Policy
SDS respects the privacy of our web-site visitors and of the customers and users of our software products. And we present this privacy policy to help visitors, customers, and users understand how we safeguard the information we gain from their visits and their use of our products.
Via the websites sdsusa.com, ebusinessserver.com, mainframesecurity.com, and mainframes.com, visitors often request information and products by means of submitting forms and sending messages to SDS. Those forms and messages supply SDS with information about visitors and customers--name, phone number, company name, email address, etc.--that is essential to our fulfulling those requests.
The web servers at sdsusa.com, ebusinessserver.com, mainframesecurity.com, and mainframes.com keep logs of visitors http requests and IP addresses to which the servers send their replies to those requests.
Other websites, email messages, and electronic messages of various kinds often contain hyperlinks to the websites at sdsusa.com, ebusinessserver.com, mainframesecurity.com, and mainframes.com. When visitors follow such hyperlinks, those links often provide information about their own location, that is, the identity of the website, email message or other electronic document where the link resides.
SDS uses the information acquired via the above-described means to helpfully respond to visitor and customer requests, and to improve visitor and customer experience with our websites and software products. SDS does request or collect more information than is reasonably helpful to furthering those purposes.
SDS is the only owner of the information acquired via the above-described means. SDS will never sell, rent, or otherwise distribute the information acquired via the above-described means, with the following exceptions:
To serve customers outside of the U.S., Canada, and the U.K., SDS enters agreements for the help of professonal software distributors outside of the U.S., Canada, and the U.K. SDS shares visitor and customer information with those distributors in full confidence that the distributors make only reasonable and prudent use of that information. For a list of those distributors, see the SDS Worldwide Distributor list
Our websites implement the services of third-party organizations that monitor our websites in order to better inform our marketing and customer relations and to report on the success and efficiency of our websites. SDS is confident that those services safeguard the confidentiality of our data and make use of it only for those purposes for which we have engaged their services and agreed to.
Understand that the websites at sdsusa.com, ebusinessserver.com, mainframesecurity.com, and mainframes.com often write small bits of data, "cookies," to visitor's client machines. The data held in those cookies is available only to SDS and to the user at the client machine. Further, the user can delete that information from the client machine at any time. In the browser controls, look for options named similarly to "Tools > Options > Privacy > clear history" or "> delete cookies." Users can also disable their browsers' acceptance of cookies. Look for browser options named similarly to "Tools > Internet options > Privacy > Advanced > Cookies > Block
If, at any time, you have a question about the retention, confidentiality, or accuracy of data about website vistors or customers at SDS, or if you wish to be removed from an SDS mailing list, or if have observed any suspect use of SDS data, please contact SDS at webmaster@sdsusa.com.
Sponsored bySoftware Diversified Services™
IBM z10
Follow @sdsusa1
Home Page
CICS
COBOL
Dictionary
Hints / Tips
Internet
History
Mainframe Videos
Manuals
Programming
Programs
System z Academic Initiative
Sitemap
Software Diversified Services, Minneapolis, MN USA www.sdsusa.com 763-571-9000
Disclaimer / Privacy