http://www.dpgassociates.com/privacy-and-security-policy
Skip to main content
info@dpgassociates.com
1-604-727-0461
login
Toggle navigation
HomeServicesWeb Design & DevelopmentDrupal ExpertsSEOWeb HostingRates & PricesOur WorkBlogContact Us
Privacy and Security Policy
Privacy Policy
Welcome to DPG Associates Web Design (DPG) web site. On this website, we make available to you a wide range of information including, but not limited to, business solutions, team biographies, services, web hosting packages, our rates and access to an on-line quote.
PLEASE READ THE PRIVACY AND SECURITY POLICY CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE.
DPG Associates Web Design will not sell or rent your personal information to third parties for their marketing purposes without your explicit consent. We view the protection of users' privacy as a very important community principle. We understand clearly that you and your information is one of our most important assets.
DPG respects your desire for privacy. Your information may be stored and processed in Canada or any other country in which DPG or DPG's representatives and affiliates maintain facilities. This information is highly protected and is stored in a secure and controlled environment. By using this site, you consent to any such transfer of information outside of your country and you consent to the terms of our Privacy Policy.
Back to the top
If you share personal information with us directly, we consider it to be confidential. We will work hard to protect it. We will not intentionally share it with other people or organizations without your permission, unless we are required to do so by law.
We reserve the right to immediately delete personal information that, in our judgement, could be harmful to you or to other people. However, we are not obligated to do this. We train and expect our staff to protect your privacy. We limit access to information about you, and we stress the importance of protecting your privacy.
If you are viewing our pages that are available only to the public, we do not collect any personal or identifying information about you. If you are registered user and are using any of our online registration and reservation systems and/or services, we do collect personal and/or identifying information about you. In addition, we do monitor the number of visitors to our web site, but only in the aggregate. This information helps us to understand what is most important to you.
Our customer contact and Online Quote forms solicit contact information from you. Contact information from these forms is used to communicate with you, but only after you have clearly indicated that you want us to do so. We don't send unsolicited commercial e-mail.
If you have any questions or concerns regarding our privacy policy, we ask that you send us an e-mail.
Back to the top
Security Policy
We view the protection of users' security as fundamental without exception. We understand clearly that you and your information and the security of that information is one of our most important operational objectives.
Your information may be stored and processed in Canada or any other country in which DPG or DPG's representatives and affiliates maintain facilities. This information is highly protected and is stored in a secure and controlled environment. In addition, our secure online systems are designed to automatically log a user out after 20 minutes of inactivity. Protecting your account is important should you mistakenly leave your computer on while still logged in but unattended.
If you have any questions or concerns regarding our security policy, we ask that you send us an e-mail.
Back to the top
Copyright 2020 © DPG Associates. All rights reserved. Use of this website signifies your agreement to DPG's Terms of Use and Privacy and Security.