http://www.knowledgepoint.com/yourprivacy/
Privacy Policy - KnowledgePoint
MENUMENUPrint ServicesDigital ServicesChannel Services
Program Management
Program developmentProject managementMembership services
Channel and Market Development
Channel salesPartner managementDemand generationMarket development managerInfluencer marketingLocalisation
Our programs
ASCENTAutodesk Learning Partner ProgramUnity Academic Alliance ProgramUnity Authorized Training PartnerUnity WorkshopsUnity Certified Instructor Program
Who we work withAbout Us
NewsLeadershipCareers
Login
MENUMENUPrint ServicesDigital ServicesChannel Services
Program Management
Program developmentProject managementMembership services
Channel and Market Development
Channel salesPartner managementDemand generationMarket development managerInfluencer marketingLocalisation
Our programs
ASCENTAutodesk Learning Partner ProgramUnity Academic Alliance ProgramUnity Authorized Training PartnerUnity WorkshopsUnity Certified Instructor Program
Who we work withAbout Us
NewsLeadershipCareers
Login
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy explains what information we collect from you, why we collect it, and how we protect it.  It also summarises your rights and defines how you can exercise those rights, including by contacting KnowledgePoint Customer Care.
However, this policy does not apply to information about you collected by third party websites that we may post links to or otherwise be accessible from our websites. The information collected about you by these third-party websites is subject to their own privacy policies.
Who we are
The party referred to as “us” “we” or “our” in this Privacy and Cookie Policy is KnowledgePoint Limited and its subsidiary Engage Global Solutions Limited, located at 612 Reading Rd, Winnersh, Wokingham RG41 5HE, United Kingdom.  Our data protection team is contactable at data.protection@knowledgepoint.com
If you have a general question about the website or would like to update your marketing preference or make changes to your information, please email info@knowledgepoint.com
What information do we collect?
This section of our Privacy Policy describes the information collected by us, whether collected automatically or provided voluntarily by you.
Information collected automatically:
your IP address
the internet browser and device you use
data passed through applications you may download via our website
the date and time you visited, and how you used our website and what content you accessed
if you placed any orders, your purchase and payment history
your caller identifier (When you call a KnowledgePoint Phone Number)
the Date and Time you called and the duration of the call
If you are a registered KnowledgePoint customer, we link this automatically-collected data to the other information we collect about you. We use this information for a variety of purposes described below.
The Information you provide us when you create an account or place an order:
Contact details (such as e-mail address, physical address, telephone numbers)
password
payment information (such as credit card or bank account details)
The information you provide when you upload a publication
When you upload content to KnowledgePoint (either through the File Upload Tool, File Transfer Protocol (FTP), WeTransfer, email or through other means), you may provide text or images that contain personal information, such contact details on a business card.
Other Information you provide us
Please note, you may provide personal information when you contact our Customer Services team.
You have the option not to provide personal information. However, doing so may prevent us from delivering our services to you. Similarly, if you decline to let us put cookies on your device, our website will only have limited functionality (see more information about cookies below).
Providing us with personal information about others
When supplying KnowledgePoint Limited with personal information about others, you are responsible for ensuring that you comply with obligations under applicable data protection laws. You must provide the required notices and have obtained the individual’s explicit consent to supply us with their personal information. Also, you must
1) explain to them how we collect, use, disclose and retain their personal information or
2) direct them to read our Privacy Notice
Why do we collect this information?
We use the information that we collect about you for the following purposes:
fulfil your order and provide related customer service;
maintain, improve, and administer our website,
inform you about products and services that might be of interest to you,
provide co-branded offers with our partners,
improve or personalise your online experience, our services, and our communications with you,
identify and prevent fraud,
enhance the security of our network and information systems,
better understand how visitors use our website and online portals, and to determine the effectiveness of promotional campaigns and advertising.
Minor’s Personally Identifiable Information
The Services are neither directed toward minors (under sixteen years of age), nor is it made available to minors. We do not collect any personal information (knowingly) or accept orders from minors. If you suspect this is the case, please contact our data protection team at data.protection@knowledgepoint.com or +44 (0)118 918 1500
Who has access to your information?
Only employees who have a need to use the information and are obligated to protect that information and keep it confidential.  We may also share your information with other companies in the KnowledgePoint group.  All KnowledgePoint group companies have a contractual obligation to comply with the terms of this privacy policy and to protect your information.
We may transfer your information to countries outside of the European Union and Switzerland, including to the United States.  To the extent we transfer your information outside of the European Union or Switzerland, that transfer is governed by an agreement incorporating the standard contractual clauses in accordance with Article 46 of Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 (the “GDPR”).
We may also provide the information we collect about you to other companies, which may process the information on our behalf, including companies that assist us with:
Fulfilling or delivering your order
Storing and securing data
Processing payments
Marketing, analytics, and fraud detection activities; or
Customer service
We may also share the information as required or permitted by law, such as when we believe such disclosure is appropriate to cooperate with an investigation of activities claimed to be unlawful, to enforce contractual obligations, or to protect our rights or property or those of others.
Finally, we may provide your information to one or more third parties in the event of a merger, acquisition, or corporate reorganisation involving us.
How long do we keep your information?
We only retain your personal information for as long as is necessary for the purpose for which it is provided or because we are legally required to do so. In some circumstances, you can ask us to delete your data (Please contact our data protection team at data.protection@knowledgepoint.com or by phone on +44 (0)118 918 1500)
What rights do you have to access and control the use of your information?
You have the right to
access your personal information
unsubscribe from marketing or withdraw any specific consents you gave us
request a copy of the personal information that is being processed by us
have errors in your personal information corrected
have your personal information deleted (or altered so that you are not identifiable) or to restrict the ways in which we use your information – but in either case, only under specific circumstances prescribed by law
lodge a complaint with your local data protection authority
How can you exercise these rights?
You can contact our Data Protection Team to exercise any of the rights listed above by emailing data.protection@knowledgepoint.com or by phone on +44 (0)118 918 1500
Finally, you can also make your request by writing to 612 Reading Rd, Winnersh, Wokingham RG41 5HE, United Kingdom.  Please provide your name, e-mail address, mailing address and telephone number(s) and your specific request. Even if you choose to be placed on the Do-Not-E-mail, Do-Not-Call, and/or Do-Not-Mail lists, we may still communicate with you using any of these methods regarding your orders, your account or for other administrative purposes.
How do we protect your information?
We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards designed to help us protect your personal information. For example, we use Secure Socket Layer (SSL/HTTPS) technology to encrypt your personal information when you place orders through our website. When you establish an account at KnowledgePoint, you choose a password to help protect your account information. You should select a secure password and keep it safe. You may change the password as often as you wish through our online services.
What are Cookies and why do we use them?
Cookies are small files which are stored on a user’s device. They are designed to hold a modest amount of data specific to a particular client and website and can be accessed either by the web server or the client computer. This allows the server to deliver an experience tailored to a particular user, or the content itself can contain some script which is aware of the data in the cookie and so is able to carry information from one visit to the website (or related site) to the next.
How do we use cookies?
Our Website uses “Cookies” to identify the areas of our Website that you have visited. We also use Cookies from their to the Content that you see on our Website and improve the performance. Cookies also help us to:
Make our website work as you’d expect
Improve the speed/security of the site
Allow you to share pages with social networks like Facebook
Continuously improve our website for you
Make our marketing more efficient
This ultimately helps us to offer a better service to our customers.
Turning Cookies off
By using this website, you agree that cookies can be stored on your web browser. If you do not wish to receive any cookies from KnowledgePoint, you can simply disable cookies in your browser at any time. However, if you disable Cookies, your website may not function correctly. We never place Personally Identifiable Information in Cookies.
To disable browser cookies, please select from one of the links below.
Disable cookies in Chrome
Disable cookies in Firefox
Disable cookies in Edge
Disable cookies in Internet Explorer and Opera
Disable cookies in Safari
Print Services
Digital Services
Who we work with
Channel Services
Program Management
Channel and Market Development
Unity
Unity Academic Alliance Program
Unity Certified Instructor Program
ASCENT
Autodesk Learning Partner Program
About Us
Company
Careers
Leadership
News
Contact Us
Certificate Number 2013ISO 9001, ISO 27001, ISO 14001
+44 (0)118 918 1500 | info@knowledgepoint.com
Our Privacy Policy
© KnowledgePoint 1997 – 2020. All rights reserved. Registered in England and Wales No. 03413411. VAT Number: GB 642411275
By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies I Understand