http://www.ascolab.com/en/footer-privacy-policy.html
Company Menu
Media
References
Jobs - Career
Contacts
Location
Imprint
OPC UA Book
The first OPC Unified Architecture Book, written by Wolfgang Mahnke, Stefan-Helmut Leitner and Matthias Damm one of the co-founders of ascolab.
Privacy Policy
Version 2.0; Effective Date: May 25, 2018 (update according to EU-DSGVO)
Responsible
The responsible entity for data processing on this website is ascolab GmbH, An der Kaufleite 34, 90562 Kalchreuth, Germany, E-mail: datenschutz-dsgvo(AT)ascolab.com, registered in the commercial register of the District Court of Fürth, Gernany under the number HRB 9360. Below we inform you about the collection, processing and use of your data.
General Information
ascolab respects your privacy in the processing of personal data collected when visiting this website and when communicating with us electronically. According to Art. 4 No. 1 of the General Data Protection Regulation (DSGVO), personal data are all information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person. The security of personal and business information is important to us and we treat your information confidentially and in accordance with the law. This page describes how and what data is collected and used. In order to easily find these rules, it is accessible from any of our sites, however, our sites may contain external links to other sites not covered by this policy.
To protect your privacy, you have various rights that you can use to exercise your personal information.
Right to revoke your consent to data processing
Many data processing operations are only possible with your express consent. You can revoke an existing consent at any time. An informal message by e-mail to the given address above is sufficient. The legality of the data processing carried out until the revocation remains unaffected by the revocation.Right of appeal to the responsible supervisory authority
In the event of a breach of data protection law, you have the right of appeal to the competent supervisory authority. The state data protection officer of the federal state in which the headquarters of our company is located, is responsible for data protection issues. A list of data protection officers and their contact details can be found here: https://www.bfdi.bund.de/DE/Infothek/Anschriften_Links/anschriften_links-node.html.
Right to data portability
You have the right to have data that we process on the basis of your consent or in fulfillment of a contract, in itself or to a third party in a standard, machine-readable format. If you require the direct transfer of data to another person in charge, this will only be done to the extent technically feasible.
Right to information, correction, blocking, deletion
You have the right to free information on your stored personal data, their origin and recipient and the purpose of the data processing and, if necessary, a right to rectification, blocking or deletion of this data. For further information on personal data you can contact us at any time at the address given above.
Data Collection
This policy applies to all information collected or sent to the ascolab websites. On some pages you can order products, make inquiries and register for events or to receive information material. ascolab collects personal information when you create a user account with ascolab, or when you transfer personal information to ascolab for any other reason. This policy also applies to information you have provided to us in personal conversation at trade fairs and events, and by presenting us your business card. The personal data may include the following content:
Name
Address
E-mail address
Phone Number
Company Name
Interest in our products and services
Way how you found our offer
Customer number, used and / or purchased products and services
Information about intended use and application scenarios
Cookies
Our website uses so-called cookies. Cookies are small text files that are transferred on your device (PC, laptop, tablet, smart phone, etc.) and stored by your browser. Cookies do not harm your computer and do not contain viruses, trojans or other malicious software. Cookies serve to make our offer more user-friendly, effective and secure.
Most of the Cookies we use are so-called "session cookies". They are automatically deleted after your visit. Other cookies remain stored on your device until you delete them. These cookies enable us to recognize your browser the next time you visit, and what inputs and settings you have made so that you do not have to enter them again.
You can configure your browser so that you are informed about the setting of cookies and allow cookies only in individual cases, the acceptance of cookies for certain cases or generally exclude and enable the automatic deletion of cookies when closing the browser. Disabling cookies may limit the functionality of our website.
Cookies that are required to carry out the electronic communication process or to provide certain functions that you wish to use (e.g. shopping cart function) are processed and saved on the basis of Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f DSGVO. The website operator has a legitimate interest in the storage of cookies for the technically error-free and optimized provision of its services. If other cookies are stored (for example to analyze your surfing behavior), they will be treated separately in this privacy policy.
Google Analytics
Our website uses functions of the web analytics service Google Analytics. Web analytics service provider is Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA.
Google Analytics uses "cookies." These are small text files that your web browser stores on your device and allow analysis of website usage. Information generated by cookies about your use of our website is transmitted to a Google server and stored there. Server location is usually the US.Google Analytics cookies are set on the basis of Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f DSGVO. As the operator of this website, we have a legitimate interest in the analysis of user behavior in order to optimize our website and possibly also advertising.
IP Anonymization
We use Google Analytics in conjunction with the IP anonymization feature. It ensures that Google shortens your IP address within member states of the European Union or other parties to the Agreement on the European Economic Area prior to transmission to the United States. There may be exceptions where Google transmits and truncates the full IP address to a server in the United States. Google will use this information on our behalf to evaluate your use of the website, to report on website activity, and to provide us with other services related to website activity and internet usage. There is no merger of the Google Analytics transmitted IP address with other Google data.
Browser Plugin
The setting of cookies through your web browser can be prevented. However, some features of our website may be restricted. Likewise, you can prevent the collection of data relating to your website use, including your IP address and subsequent processing by Google. This is possible by downloading and installing the browser plug-in accessible via the following link: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en.
Objection to Data Collection
You can prevent the collection of your data by Google Analytics by clicking on the following link. An opt-out cookie will be set to prevent your data from being collected on future visits to our website: Disable Google Analytics.
For details on how to handle user data on Google Analytics, please refer to the Google Privacy Policy: https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=en.
Contract Processing
To fully comply with legal data protection requirements, we have entered into a contract processing agreement with Google.
Demographics in Google Analytics
Our website uses the demographics feature of Google Analytics. It can be used to generate reports that contain statements on the age, gender and interests of the site visitors. This data comes from interest-based advertising from Google and third-party visitor data. An assignment of the data to a specific person is not possible. You can disable this feature at any time. This is possible through the ad settings in your Google Account or by generally prohibiting the collection of your data by Google Analytics, as explained in the section "Objection to Data Collection".
Google AdWords and Google Conversion Tracking
Our website uses Google AdWords. Provider is Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, United States.AdWords is an online advertising program. As part of the online advertising program, we work with conversion tracking. After clicking on an ad served by Google, a cookie will be set for conversion tracking. Cookies are small text files that your web browser stores on your device. Google AdWords cookies lose their validity after 30 days and are not used for personal identification of users. At the cookie, Google and we recognize that you clicked on an ad and were redirected to our site.
Each Google AdWords customer receives a different cookie. The cookies are not traceable through AdWords client websites. Conversion cookies are used to generate conversion statistics for AdWords advertisers who use conversion tracking. Adwords customers learn how many people clicked on their ad and were redirected to conversion tracking tag pages. However, AdWords advertisers are not provided with information that allows them to personally identify themselves. If you do not want to participate in the tracking, you can object to a use. To do this, deactivate the conversion cookie in the user settings of the browser. So there is no inclusion in the conversion tracking statistics.
The storage of "conversion cookies" is based on Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f DSGVO. We as website operators have a legitimate interest in analyzing user behavior in order to optimize our website and advertising.
For details about Google AdWords and Google Conversion Tracking, see the Google Privacy Policy: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/.
Visits on our Website, Protocol Files
When you visit our web pages, the web servers of our pages automatically save information in log files, the so-called server log files. The following data is collected and stored until automated deletion:
IP address of the requesting computer
Date and time of access
Name and URL of the retrieved data
Transmitted amount of data
Message if the retrieval was successful
Detection data of the browser and operating system used
Website from which access takes place (referrer URL)
Name of your Internet access provider
This data is processed for the following purposes:
Enabling the use of the website (connection establishment)
Administration of the network infrastructure
Appropriate technical and organizational measures for IT system and information security taking into account the state of the art
Ensure user-friendliness
Optimization of the internet offerings
The basis for the data processing is the necessity for the fulfillment of the website usage contract relationship (according to numbers 1-2 Art. 6 par. 1 p. 1 lit. b DSGVO), as well as the legal obligation to implement technical and organizational measures to secure the data processing ( according to Art. 32 DSGVO and Art. 6 Abs. 1 S.1 lit. f DSGVO), and furthermore the legitimate interest in data processing for network and information security as well as our legitimate interest in processing the data for user-friendly design and optimization (according to Numbers 4-5 Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. f DSGVO).
The above-mentioned data is automatically deleted by the webserver after a defined time of 180 days, IP addresses are anonymized after 30 days. If data are processed for the above-mentioned purposes for a longer period of time, they are anonymised or deleted when storage is no longer necessary for the respective purpose.
Registration for Events, Workshops, Seminars
Through our website we offer the possibility to register for various seminars, workshops and events. Online registration forms and printable documents are available for this purpose. To register for the event some mandatory information must be provided. This includes
Title, first and last name
Address
Telephone and fax number
E-Mail address
Company name
Time and place of the event
Interest in optional content
Information on invoicing and logistical processing
Any other mandatory information is marked as such (e.g. by *). In addition, further information can be provided voluntarily.
We process the data provided to identify participants, to make reservations, and to establish or implement the contract of participation with you, to plan and ensure a smooth process, to enable you to participate in the best possible way, and to: provide information about the event during and after the event. Voluntarily indicated data we use in order to be able to carry out needs-oriented and interest-oriented planning and optimization of our event offer.
Data processing is carried out on request of the interested participant and is required under Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. b DSGVO for the stated purposes for the fulfilment of the contract and the pre-contractual arrangements.The personal data collected by us for the event will be stored by us until you object to the storage or request a deletion of your data. An informal message by e-mail to the address given above is sufficient. The legality of the data processing carried out until the revocation remains unaffected by the revocation.
Registration on our Website
You can register on our website to use additional functions on the site. We use the data entered for this purpose only for the purpose of using the respective offer or service for which you have registered. This includes access to our download area, access to our support forum, sending information about changes or innovations in our products and services. The mandatory information requested during registration must be provided in full. Otherwise we will refuse the registration. In order to register on our website, some mandatory information must be provided. These include:
Title, first and last name
Address
Telephone and fax number
E-mail address
Company name
Date and time of registration
Date and time of the last access
Interest in our products and services
How you found our offer
Customer number, customer group
Identification of used and/or purchased products and services
Information about intended use and application scenarios
Any other mandatory information is marked as such (e.g. by *). In addition, more information can be provided voluntarily.
After you have registered, you will receive a registration email via e-mail, which you must confirm in order to use the additional services (so-called double opt-in). This serves as proof that the registration was actually initiated by you.
This data is processed for the following purposes:
To identify you to make our download offerrings available to you.
Optimize the download offerings and provide need-based content.
To send you regular information (so-called newsletter) regarding updates and innovations in our download, product and service offerings.
To notify you if an answer (so-called posting) to a topic you have created has been made in our forum.
To provide you with information from our service partners concerning, among other things, safety-related, technical or local additional services.
The basis for the processing of the above personal data is your consent for one or more specific purposes (according to Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a DSGVO). Data processing is carried out on request of the interested participant and is required under Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. b DSGVO for the stated purposes for the fulfilment of the contract and the pre-contractual arrangements. Furthermore, there is a legitimate interest in data processing for network and information security as well as our legitimate interest in processing the data for user-friendly design and optimisation (in accordance with number 4-5 Art. 6 Para. 1 S.1 lit. f DSGVO).
You can revoke your consent at any time. All you need to do is send an informal e-mail to the address given above. Your e-mail address will be deleted immediately after revocation of your consent to receive regular information. The legality of the data processing already carried out remains unaffected by the revocation.
The data collected during registration is stored by us as long as you are registered on our website and is automatically deleted within 72 hours if you delete your registration with us. Legal retention periods remain unaffected.
Use of Contact and Support Forms
On our website you will find various contact forms which you can use to send us inquiries. Your details on the enquiry form, including the contact data you entered there, will be archived with us for the purpose of processing the enquiry and for the event of follow-up questions (enquiry history) it will be automatically assigned and stored via a ticket system.
To use contact forms on our website some mandatory information must be provided. This includes:
Title, first and last name
Address
Telephone and fax number
E-mail address
Company name
Interest in our products and services
How you found our offer
Offer, billing and customer number, customer group
Name, address and contact details of the licensee
Identification of used and / or purchased products and services
Information about intended use and application scenarios
Error descriptions, analyzes, trace and network recording, code snippets
Any other mandatory information is marked as such (e.g. by *). In addition, more information can be provided voluntarily.
We use your data for the following purposes:
Identify who the request came from to answer and assign it
Creation of offers and invoicing
Registration of the licensee and delivery to him
Identification of the licensee and support beneficiary
Assignment of order, delivery and support activities
Creation of proposals for solutions and suggestions of local service providers
We use the personal data you give us, e.g. in the context of an offer inquiry or an order, only to process the order. This also applies to data that you give us about other persons, e.g. as part of a delivery. We only pass this data on to third parties, companies commissioned by us, if it is necessary for the execution of e.g. an order or delivery.
We use the personal data you provide to us, e.g. in the context of a support request, only to process the request. This also applies to data that you give us about other persons, e.g. in the context of a technical inquiry. We only pass this data on to third parties, companies commissioned by us, if it is necessary to answer e.g. a support request.
In addition, we will not share this information without your consent.
The processing of the data entered in the contact form is therefore based on your consent (according to Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a DSGVO). You can revoke this consent at any time. All you need to do is send us an informal e-mail. The data will be processed upon your request and is based on our legitimate interests when responding to a contact request (according to Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. f DSGVO).
The data entered by you in the contact form remain with us until you request deletion or revoke your consent for storage. As long as you do not request us to delete your information, your personal information will remain with us to match it with written contracts, to log and review usage rights granted, to track the downloading of software and upgrades, and to track the use of support services and applications. The legality of the data processing processes carried out up to the revocation remains unaffected by the revocation. Mandatory statutory provisions - in particular retention periods - remain unaffected.
Transfer of Personal Data
Except in the aforementioned cases of processing by request, we pass on your personal data to third parties, i.e. other natural or legal persons (e.g. partner companies, subcontractors, vicarious agents), the person responsible or the processor and their employees authorised to process the data, if:
if we have your express consent (pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. a DSGVO) to pass on the information
if the transfer is necessary to fulfil a contract or pre-contractual arrangement with you (in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. b DSGVO)
Passing on to shipping companies for the purpose of delivering ordered goods
Passing on of payment data to payment service providers or credit institutions for the execution of payment transactions
Passing on to subcontractors for the purpose of pre-contractual or contractual provision of consulting or support services
if a legal obligation exists for the transfer (according to Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. c DSGVO), e.g. to financial or criminal prosecution authorities
if vital interests of the person concerned, important circumstances for the protection of personal safety, the public or the safety of our website require this for the transmission (according to Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 d and e DSGVO).
if the disclosure (pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 f DSGVO) is necessary to assert, exercise or defend legal claims and there is no reason to assume that you have an overriding interest worthy of protection in not disclosing your data; for example in the event of attacks on our IT systems to government institutions and law enforcement authorities
If we disclose your personal information to third parties who provide a product or service on behalf of or commissioned by ascolab or conduct an event, these companies may only use the information they need to provide the service. They are prohibited from using your data for any other purpose.
Data Integrity
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy and ensure the correct use of data, we have implemented appropriate physical, electronic and processing mechanisms to secure and protect the data collected online on our website, by e-mail and analog collected data.
For security reasons and to protect the transmission of confidential content that you send us, our website uses SSL or TLS encryption. This means that data that you transmit via this website cannot be read by third parties. You can recognize an encrypted connection by the "https://" address line of your browser and the lock symbol in the browser address line. We expressly emphasize that data transmission over the Internet (e.g. communication by e-mail) can have security gaps. An end to end protection of the data regarding integrity and confidentiality is only possible if you send us PGP encrypted e-mails.
Special protection of children
The protection of children's privacy is particularly important. Therefore, ascolab never knowingly collects or receives information from children and adolescents under the age of 13. No areas of our website are designed to attract young people under the age of 14.Access and correction of your information
You can modify and update any personally identifiable information we collect online by logging into your account and processing the information. We use this procedure as a protective procedure.
You can correct the invoice and delivery data of your personal data record by sending us a request that plausibly indicates the error. In order to protect your data and privacy, we will take appropriate precautions to verify your identity before granting you access or changing your data.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
Please note that this Privacy Policy may change from time to time. Although we do not expect any major changes, we will post all changes on this page. The version of this privacy policy is marked at the top of this page. The current data protection information can be viewed and printed at any time on the website at https://www.ascolab.com/en/company-imprint/privacy-policy.html.
Severability Clause
Should individual provisions of this privacy policy be or become ineffective or unenforceable in whole or in part, this shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions.
Contact, Questions and Suggestions
If you want to contact us regarding your rights to
information, changing, blocking or deletion of your personal data, please make
sure you use the address given above only. You can contact us either in
writing or electronically by e-mail at the given address above. However,
DSGVO related inquiries via other channels will be treated as Spam and
remain unanswered. We will take appropriate precautions to verify your
identity before giving you information or changing personal data. If you
have any questions or concerns about this privacy policy, please e-mail
us to the address given above.
traced by google analyticsprivacy policylegalsimprint
© 2020 ascolab GmbH - All rights reserved.
contact us
HomeCompanyServicesDownloadsTechnologyCertification