http://www.denic.de/en/about-denic/data-privacy-statement/
Data Privacy Statement Thank you for your interest in DENIC eG and our website. The protection of your personal data and your privacy is very important to us. In this privacy statement, we would like to inform you about how we handle your data. The party responsible for data processing, hereinafter referred to as "Controller" within the meaning of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and other data protection laws and regulations, is: DENIC eG Kaiserstraﬂe 75 ñ 77 60329 Frankfurt am Main Telefon: +49 69 27 235 0 Telefax: +49 69 27 235 238 E-Mail: info[at]denic[dot]de
You can contact our Data Protection Officer at privacy[at]denic[dot]de.
When you make use of one of DENIC eG's offerings, e.g. our website or the tools we provide there, we will process your personal data. We process your data in strict confidence and only for the purpose we tell you when we collect the data. We process your data always in keeping with the standards of the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), the German Federal Data Protection Act (BDSG) and other applicable data protection provisions.
1. Provision of the Website Whenever you visit our website, a range of general data and information, including personal data, is collected by our systems. The following data is stored in the log files of our servers: IP address (possibly in an anonymised, abbreviated form)Date and time of your access (time stamp) Details of the access request and destination address (protocol version, HTTP method, referrer, user-agent string)Name of the file that has been accessed and amount of data transmitted (requested URL incl. query string, size in bytes) 	Message whether the request was successful (HTTP status code) 	Website from which the request is made 	Browser type or app used Operating system and the interface it uses 	Language and version of browser software
When processing this data, we will not draw conclusions about your person. Neither a personal evaluation nor an evaluation of the data for marketing or profiling purposes will take place. The legal basis for data processing in this context is Article 6(1) (f) of the GDPR. The processing of this data is technically inevitable in order to make our website available and to guarantee stability and security of our systems. It is not possible to use our website without such processing of data, so you cannot object to this processing. Your data will be deleted when you leave our website, i.e. as soon as your session is finished. If your personal data is stored in log files, it will be deleted after a maximum period of thirty days.
2. Use of Cookies
We use cookies on our website. Cookies will be stored on your computer and from there transmitted to our website. A cookie comprises a characteristic string of characters that allows your web browser to be uniquely identified when you return to our website. We distinguish between necessary cookies (see section 2.1) and cookies for usage analysis (see section 2.2). In your browser, you can configure yourself how to handle cookies. By adjusting the settings in your browser, you can deactivate or restrict the transmission of cookies. Cookies that have been stored may be deleted at any time. This can also be effected in an automated way. If cookies are deactivated for our website, you may no longer be able to fully use all functions. For further information, please refer to the websites of your browser providers: Google Chromehttps://support.google.com/accounts/answer/61416?hl=deMozilla Firefoxhttps://support.mozilla.org/de/kb/cookies-und-website-daten-in-firefox-loschen?redirectlocale=de&redirectslug=cookies-loeschen-daten-von-websites-entfernenSafarihttps://support.apple.com/de-de/guide/safari/sfri11471/macInternet Explorerhttps://support.microsoft.com/de-de/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookiesOperahttps://help.opera.com/de/latest/web-preferences/†2.1 Necessary Cookies Necessary cookies are cookies that are technically required to allow the website to function correctly. Some of these necessary cookies ensure the technical stability of our website and enable safety-relevant functions. Necessary cookies are also a prerequisite for being able to use certain functions, such as those of our member section. It is not possible to use our website without such processing of data, so you cannot object to this processing. We use this type of cookies to enhance the security and functionality of our website and the web applications we offer. Necessary cookies do not contain personal data, i.e. no IP addresses and other information is collected that would allow tracing. We use the following necessary cookies: CookiePurposeDeadline for DeletionTypefe_typo_userIdentifies sessions (for TYPO3 frontend login) and enables use of the member login and the member sectionEnd of sessionTechnical/functionalJSESSIONIDEnables use of the RAI (Registrar Admin Interface)End of sessionoam.Flash.RENDERMAP.TOKENEnables use of the RAI (Registrar Admin Interface)End of sessionThe legal basis for the processing of personal data using necessary cookies is Article 6(1) (f) of the GDPR. We use technically required cookies for the purpose of making the use of the website easier and more convenient for you. Some functions of our website will not work without cookies being used. For these functions, it is necessary that your browser will be recognised when you revisit our website after visiting other websites. These purposes constitute our legitimate interest. Your user data that we collect through technically required cookies will not be used to create user profiles.
3. Contacting Us
There are various options to get in contact with us.
3.1 Scope of Data Processing
3.1.1 Contact Forms On our website, you will find contact forms that you can use to contact us electronically. In this case, we will store your personal data transmitted to us with the form. In the respective forms, you can see which data is concerned. In these forms, only those fields that are absolutely necessary in order to make use of the respective functionality are marked as mandatory fields. 3.1.2 E-Mail You can also contact us via the e-mail addresses provided on our website. In this case, we will store your personal data transmitted to us with the e-mail (e.g. e-mail address, time of sending, information revealed in the text of the message).
3.1.3 Postal Mail You can also contact us by post. In this case, we will store your personal data you send to us (e.g. address details or information revealed in the text).
3.1.4 Fax You can also contact us by fax. In this case, we will store your personal data you send to us (e.g. fax number, sender identification or information revealed in the text).
3.1.5 Phone You can also contact us by phone. In this case, we will store your personal data (e.g. phone number or information revealed in the conversation). 3.2 Legal Basis The legal basis for processing personal data transmitted within the scope of a general request or an e-mail is Art. 6(1) (f) of the GDPR. If you contact us in the context of an existing contract or prior to entering into a contract, the legal basis is Art. 6(1) (b) of the GDPR. In all other cases, the legal basis for processing your data is Art. 6(1) (f) of the GDPR. Processing your contact requests is our legitimate interest.
3.3 Purpose of Data Processing The purpose of processing this data is the handling of your contact request. Your data is processed exclusively for this purpose. The data is not passed on to any third party in this context.
3.4 Duration of Storage of Your Personal Data After your contact request has been processed completely, we restrict your data for further processing. Unless you have given your express consent to further use of your data, your data will be deleted once the statutory retention periods under fiscal and commercial law have expired. 4. DENIC Domain Query (whois-Service)
If domain holders or third parties show that they have a legitimate interest in the holder details of a domain, they can use the DENIC domain query service to obtain specific holder information. For further information please refer to https://www.denic.de/service/whois-service/anfragen-dritter-zu-inhaberdaten/https://www.denic.de/en/service/whois-service/third-party-requests-for-holder-data/.
In this case, we will store your personal data that is transmitted to us in connection with the whois service. In the respective forms, you can see which data is concerned. In these forms, only those fields that are absolutely necessary in order to make use of the respective functionality are marked as mandatory fields. If domain holders themselves make the DENIC domain query, the legal basis for processing the data is Art. 6(1) (b) of the GDPR in conjunction with our Domain Guidelines and/or our Domain Terms and Conditions . If a third party makes a domain query, the legal basis for processing the data is Art. 6(1) (a) of the GDPR. Use of this data is strictly limited to the context of the whois service. The personal data is deleted as soon as it can be inferred from the circumstances that the issue in question has been finally clarified. The additional personal data collected during the sending process (IP address of the party making the query as well as date and time of sending) will be deleted after a maximum period of thirty days.
5. Mailing Lists On our website, we make available several mailing lists to which users can subscribe free of charge.
5.1 Scope of Data Processing If you subscribe to a mailing list, we will process the following personal data:Name E-mail address IP address of the computer used Date and time of sending. During the registration procedure, you will be asked to consent to the processing of your data. We verify your subscription through a so-called double opt-in procedure. Thus, we make sure that the e-mail address indicated in connection with the subscription of the mailing list is actually your address. After entering the required data in the registration form (name, e-mail address), you will receive an automated e-mail with a link for activation. Once you have confirmed the link, you will be subscribed to the respective mailing list. 5.2 Legal Basis The legal basis for the processing of your personal data is Art. 6(1) (a) of the GDPR. 5.3 Purpose of Data Processing The data is processed for the purpose of performing the subscription service of the mailing list. Your data is processed exclusively for this purpose. The data is not passed on to any third party in this context.
5.4 Duration of Storage of Your Personal Data We store your personal data for the duration of your subscription to our respective mailing list. Right to Object
You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time without giving reasons with effect for the future by clicking the link to cancel your subscription which you will find in each mail.
6. DISPUTE Online Assistant On our website, we make available a Dispute Online Assistant, which can be used as a template for submitting a request for a DISPUTE entry for a .de domain. We will store your personal data transmitted to us in connection with our Dispute online assistant. In the corresponding form, you can see which data is processed. In the form, only those fields that are absolutely necessary in order to make use of the respective functionality are marked as mandatory fields. The legal basis for processing your data is Art. 6(1) (b) of the GDPR in conjunction with our Domain Guidelines and/or our Domain Terms and Conditions. Use of the data is strictly limited to the processing of the Dispute request and the subsequent communication. The personal data from the input mask is deleted as soon as it can be inferred from the circumstances that the issue in question has been finally clarified. The additional personal data that is collected during the sending process will be deleted after a maximum period of thirty days.
7. Member Section On our website, we offer our members access to a password-protected member section. To get access, you must register using the access data we sent you upon request. We will store your personal data transmitted to us in connection with this service. In the corresponding form, you can see which data is processed. In the form, only those fields that are absolutely necessary in order to make use of the respective functionality are marked as mandatory fields. We use this data for administering your membership. To the extent permitted by law, we will pass on your data, if required, to our partner companies that support us in the due performance of the contract. These companies, too, are obliged to comply with all applicable data protection regulations; in particular, they are only allowed to process the data for the fulfilment of their tasks on our behalf and only in accordance with our instructions. The legal basis for processing your data is Art. 6(1) (b) of the GDPR in conjunction with our Domain Guidelines and/or our Domain Terms and Conditions. Upon termination of your membership with DENIC, we will delete the data, unless contractual and/or legal obligations require that they are retained for a longer period of time.
8. Job Application
On our website, we inform you about vacancies at DENIC. You can apply for a vacant position by using one of the contact methods indicated (see item 3).
8.1 Scope of Data Processing
In order to participate in the application process, it is necessary for you to provide personal data that originates from the documents you make available to us, such as letter of application, curriculum vitae, application photo, certificates or other professional qualifications. This data may include personal master data such as first name, last name, address, date of birth, contact data such as telephone number or e-mail address, as well as data relating to your educational and/or professional background such as school certificates and job references, data on training, internships or previous employers. For the processing of applications, we limit ourselves to the information you provide directly. This may also include information that you have stored in professional online networks or job exchanges. Your personal data is not passed on to third parties.
8.2 Legal Basis
The legal basis for the processing of personal data is Article 88 (1) of the GDPR in conjunction with Section 26 of the German Federal Data Protection Act (BDSG).
8.3 Purpose of Data Processing
We process the personal data you have provided with an application exclusively for the purpose of applicant selection.
8.4 Duration of Storage of Your Personal Data
If your application leads to an employment relationship with DENIC, your personal data will be transferred to your personnel file. If your application is not accepted, your data will be deleted by us six months after the non-acceptance, unless you have consented in including your personal data in our applicant pool. The legal basis for the data processing in this context is Article 6(1) (a) of the GDPR. You can revoke the consent you have given us at any time.
Right to Object
You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time with effect for the future without giving reasons, for instance by sending an e-mail to privacy[at]denic[dot]de. If you withdraw your consent, your data will be deleted immediately from our pool of applicants.
The provision of your personal data is mandatory for submitting an application. If you do not provide that data we will not be able to process your application. 9. Rights of the Data Subject
When we process your personal data, you are a data subject within the meaning of Article 4 No. (1) of the GDPR, which gives you the following rights vis-‡-vis us:Right of Access (Art. 15 GDPR) Right to Rectification (Art. 16 GDPR) Right to Erasure (Art. 17 GDPR) Right to Restriction of Processing (Art. 18 GDPR) Right to be Notified (Art. 19 GDPR) Right to Data Portability (Art. 20 GDPR) Right to Object (Art. 21 GDPR)Right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority (Art. 77 GDPR) Right to revoke your consent to data processing (Art. 7(3) GDPR) You have the right to withdraw the consent you have given us at any time, e.g. by sending an e-mail to privacy[at]denic[dot]de. The withdrawal of consent will not affect the lawfulness of the processing that was based on the consent before it was revoked.
Right to Object (Art. 21 GDPR) Pursuant to Article 21 of the GDPR, you are entitled to object, for reasons relating to your particular situation, at any time to the processing of your personal data which is based on Article 6(1) (e) or (f) of the GDPR, including profiling based on these provisions. In this case, we will no longer process your personal data, unless we demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override your interests, rights and freedoms, or unless the processing is necessary to establish, exercise or defend any legal claims.
If you want to exercise one of these rights, please contact our Data Protection Officer privacy[at]denic[dot]de.
We would like to point out that in certain cases we may ask you to provide additional information in order to verify your identity. This enables us to ensure that information is not disclosed to unauthorised persons, e.g. when you exercise your right of access. Automated decision making does not take place on our website.
10. Security
We have technical and organisational security measures in place to protect your personal data from accidental or intentional corruption, loss, destruction or access by unauthorised persons. We continuously improve our security measures in line with technological evolution. 11. Responsibility for External Content
Our website contains links that lead to Internet pages of external providers. We have no influence on such providers and cannot ensure that they comply with the applicable data protection regulations. If you believe that any linked external sites violate applicable law or have other inappropriate content, please let us know. We will check on that and remove the external link, if appropriate. We cannot be held responsible for the content and availability of linked external web pages.
12. Validity and Up-to-Dateness of the Data Privacy Statement Continuous development of our websites or the implementation of new technologies may render amendments to this data privacy statement necessary. We reserve the right to change this privacy statement at any time with effect for the future. The relevant version of this statement is always the version that is available at the time you visit our website.Continuous development of our websites or the implementation of new technologies may render amendments to this data privacy statement necessary. We reserve the right to change this privacy statement at any time with effect for the future. The relevant version of this statement is always the version that is available at the time you visit our website. Last updated: October 2020