https://www.fastspot.com/privacy/
Privacy Statement
We do not collect any personal information unless you provide it to us on a voluntary basis. If you provide your name, address, telephone number, and/or email address via our contact form, we collect that information.
How We Use Information
Fastspot uses personal information collected on our site to update you about our services and promotions, to provide you with information that you request, and/or to improve our service offerings. We do not share your information with other companies or individuals. If we would like to share your information with other companies or individuals in the future, we will obtain your express consent prior to sharing. We may disclose your personal information as needed, if such information is requested by law enforcement agencies or if we are required to do so by law, regulation, subpoena, court order, or by a government agency or entity. We also may disclose personal information if disclosing that information is necessary to conduct investigations of possible illegality.
How We Protect Information
We take reasonable security measures to protect your information from unauthorized access to or unauthorized disclosure or destruction of data. We do not sell or lease your information to other companies or individuals without your permission. We may use IP addresses to protect the security and integrity of our site, to help troubleshoot and diagnose problems with our server, and to assist in the administration of our website.
Opting Out
Fastspot provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us at the point of any information request. We will not send you an online newsletter or email communication unless you consent to receive such communications from us. If we propose to use your personal information for any purpose other than as described in this policy, we will offer you a way to opt-out of the use of your information for that new purpose.
Fastspot gives users the option of unsubscribing from receiving our newsletter and other emailed communications at any time. To unsubscribe at any time, please email info@fastspot.com with “unsubscribe” in the subject line. You may also request to remove your personal information from our database by providing that note in the body of your email.
Cookie Policy
What Are Cookies?
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information.
Cookies provide a convenience feature to save you time or to tell the web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you complete the contact form on our website, a cookie helps us to recall your specific information on subsequent visits.
Why We Use Cookies
Cookies enable us to track and target the interests of our users to either enhance the experience on our site or enable us to identify usage patterns. For example, we use Google Analytics, a third party platform that measures our site's performance and other statistics, to keep track of what pages you visit on our site to gauge potential interest patterns. If you’ve completed our contact form, it enables us to identify who you are, when you’ve visited, and what pages on our site you’ve viewed. We may use this data to either deliver customized content and/or promotions to users whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area, or to inform research activities for business development purposes.
Controlling Cookies
You have the right to decide whether to accept or reject cookies. You can set or change your web browser controls to accept or refuse cookies. If you choose to reject cookies, you may still use our website with little to no discernable difference in your browsing experience. As the means by which you can refuse cookies through your web browser controls vary from browser-to-browser, you should visit your browser’s help menu for more information.
Targeted Advertising
Fastspot does not serve targeted advertisements, either on its own or on the behalf of third parties.
Updates to Policies
We may update this Privacy Statement and Cookie Policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to the cookies we use or for other operational, legal, or regulatory reasons. Please revisit this page to stay informed about our privacy practices, use of cookies, and related technologies. This information was last updated on July 11, 2018.
More Information
If you have any questions about our use of cookies or other technologies, please email us at info@fastspot.com.
Services
Work
Results
Culture
Blog
News
Contact
×