http://www.chordpickout.com/cookiepolicy.html
“Stop wasting your time and guitar - use Chord Pickout,the easiest and fastest way to get chords!”
ChordPickout.com Online Cookie Policy
May 24, 2018
ChordPickout.com (“ChordPickout.com”) and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to analyze trends, administer and track users’ movements during your visit to our website or use of our Products, and gather information about you, where you access our website or Products and how you use our Products and services.
What are Cookies and Does ChordPickout.com Use Them?
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by websites and services that you visit or access. They are widely used to make websites and services work and function with greater efficiency, and to provide information about our users experience during use of, or interaction with, our websites, Products, services and advertisements. Some cookies last only for the duration of your web session and expire when you exit your browser; other cookies may last for longer than your web session, including after you exit your browser, for example by remembering you when you return to our website. The table below explains the cookies that ChordPickout.com and our third party partners use and why.
Cookie
Purpose
Practice
Functional Cookies
Preferences and Settings
These cookies are used to record a user’s choice and settings that enable our websites and Products to operate correctly or that maintain your preferences over time and may be stored on your device. For example, ChordPickout.com saves preferences, such as language, browser and multimedia player settings, or photos you’ve uploaded, which enables the browser to remember these setting each time you return to the site. Note: If you opt out of interest-based advertising, we store your opt-out preference in a cookie on your device.
Sign-in and Authentication
When you sign into a website or Product using your ChordPickout.com account, we store a unique ID number, and the time you signed in, in an encrypted cookie on your device. This cookie allows you to move from page to page within the website without having to sign in again on each page. You can also save your sign-in information, so you do not have to sign in each time you return to the site.
Advertising Cookies
Interest-Based Advertising
ChordPickout.com uses cookies to collect data about your online activity and identify your interests so that we can provide advertising that is most relevant to you. You can opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from ChordPickout.com as described in the How to Control Cookies section of this cookie policy and in our Privacy Policy.
Universal Analytics
Analytics
To provide our products and improve your user experience on our websites and with our Products, ChordPickout.com uses cookies and other identifiers to gather usage and performance data. For example, we use cookies to count the number of unique visitors to a web page or service or to our blog and to develop other statistics about the operations of our Products. This includes cookies from ChordPickout.com and from third-party analytics providers. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve our websites and Products.
Facebook and YouTube Cookies
Social Media
Some of our websites and Products include code snippets provided by social media companies that can sense if you are already logged into a given social media account so you can easily share ChordPickout.com content with other social media users via that account. These code snippets read cookies set previously by social media company web content while you are logged in and browsing such content on those social media sites.
We embed videos from ChordPickout.com’s YouTube channel using YouTube’s privacy-enhanced mode. This mode may set cookies on your computer once you click on the YouTube video player. ChordPickout.com will not store personally-identifiable cookie information for playbacks of embedded videos using the privacy-enhanced mode.
Service Cookies
Performance
ChordPickout.com uses performance cookies for load balancing to ensure that websites and Products remain up and operating.
How to Control Cookies
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies but provide controls that allow you to block or delete them. For example, in most modern browsers, you can block or delete cookies by clicking Settings > Privacy > Cookies. Instructions for blocking or deleting cookies in other browsers may be available in each browser’s privacy or help documentation. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org.
Certain features of ChordPickout.com’s Products and services depend on cookies. Please be aware that if you choose to block cookies, you may not be able to sign in or use those features, and preferences that are dependent on cookies may be lost. If you choose to delete cookies, settings and preferences controlled by those cookies, including advertising preferences, will be deleted and may need to be recreated.
Contact Us
Email:
info@ChordPickout.com
Revisions to Our Cookie Policy
We may amend this Cookie Policy from time-to-time. When we make updates, changes or revisions, they will be effective when we post the updated Cookie Policy to our site. If we make any material changes, we will notify you by email or, at our option, by means of a notice on our site prior to the change becoming effective.
CHORD PICKOUT
Overview
Download
Buy Now
F.A.Q.
CUSTOMERS
Reviews
Geography
COMPANY
Affiliates
Press releases
Contacts
Product Information
Support
How to Buy
Terms of Use
Site Map
© 2005-2014 ChordPickout.com