https://www.avantesolutions.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Protecting your privacy is important to Avante Solutions, Inc. (“Avante”). We hope the following policy will help you understand how Avante collects, uses, and safeguards the personal information you provide on our web site.
Information Collection
If you browse Avante’s web site, you do so anonymously. We don’t collect personal information – including your e-mail address. We do log your IP address (the Internet address of your computer) to give us an idea of which parts of our web site you visit and how long you spend there. But we do not link your IP address to anything personally identifiable. The only other information automatically provided to us is the type of computer and operating system you are using. Your browser supplies us with this information.
Like many other commercial web sites, the Avante web site may use a standard technology called a “cookie” to collect information about how you use the site.
At times we may request that you voluntarily supply us with personal information, such as your e-mail address and postal address, for purposes such as corresponding with us, registering for a seminar, making a purchase, entering a sweepstakes, registering a new product, or participating in an online survey.
Information Use
If you provide us with your e-mail or postal address, or have done so in the past, we will ask you if we can use it to send you updates on the latest Avante products and promotions. We also ask if you want us to share your personal information with other companies that offer related services. If you do not want us or other companies to contact you, you can choose to “opt out,”and Avante will respect your wishes.
When you supply Avante with your personal information, we may use it to register your product, configure your system, or assist you with connecting to the Internet. We may use information that you have given us to learn more about our customers so that we can develop better products and services. We may also use the information to inform you about new products, services and offers that may be of interest to you. These offers may be based on information you provided in your initial transaction with us or in surveys.
Declining E-mail Offers
Avante provides customers with an easy means to decline to receive e-mail offers. Although most customers tell us they appreciate receiving notice of these opportunities, we recognize the importance of providing you with choices. At any time, you may request to discontinue receiving these offers from us by simply replying to the e-mail and informing us of your preferences. All e-mail offers that you receive from Avante will tell you how to decline further e-mail offers.
Avante Solutions, Inc.’s privacy policy is subject to change at any time and without notice. Please check here for updates.
ProductsServicesEventsAboutContact