http://www.renderx.com/terms-of-service.html
DEVELOPER'S ZONE
BOOKMARK & SHARE
RSS
SHOP
SEARCH
CONTACT US
The Future of Your Document Is Here
Products
Demos
Stories
Solutions
Support
Download
Customers
Partners
Company
Sitemap
Download Now!
RenderX offers all our software on a trial basis so that our prospects can easily see why thousands of customers have selected XEP to meet their needs.
Why not download a trial version today and see for yourself!
Terms of Service
Terms of using any provided RenderX services within our web site.
1. Acceptance of Terms
RenderX provides this service to you, subject to the following Terms of Service ("TOS"), which may be updated by us from time
to time without notice to you. In addition, when using particular RenderX services, you and RenderX shall be subject to any
posted guidelines or rules applicable to such services which may be posted from time to time. All such guidelines or rules
are hereby incorporated by reference into the TOS. RenderX may offer other services from time to time that may be governed
by different Terms of Services.
2. Description of Service
RenderX provides this service as a forum available to the general public for exchanging information and ideas about XEP and
its environment. By subscribing to our mailing list at xep-support@renderx.com you can start participating in such exchanges.
Both users and maintainers of XEP read the list regularly, and may help you start using the product as well as answer some
of your questions. To subscribe to the list, send an e-mail message to majordomo@renderx.com with words "subscribe xep-support"
in the body of the message.
Unless explicitly stated otherwise, any new features that augment or enhance the current Service, including the release of
new RenderX properties, shall be subject to the TOS.
You understand and agree that the Service is provided "AS-IS" and that RenderX assumes no responsibility for the timeliness,
deletion, mis-delivery or failure to store any user communications or personalization settings.
You are responsible for obtaining access to the Service and that access may involve third party fees (such as Internet service
provider or airtime charges). In addition, you must provide and are responsible for all equipment necessary to access the
Service.
3. Your Registration Obligations
In consideration of your use of the Service, you agree to: (a) provide true, accurate, current and complete information about
yourself as prompted by the Service's registration form (the "Registration Data") and (b) maintain and promptly update the
Registration Data to keep it true, accurate, current and complete. If you provide any information that is untrue, inaccurate,
not current or incomplete, or RenderX has reasonable grounds to suspect that such information is untrue, inaccurate, not current
or incomplete, RenderX has the right to suspend or terminate your account and refuse any and all current or future use of
the Service (or any portion thereof).
By registering with the Service, you certify that you are at least 18 years old.
4. Renderx Privacy Policy
Registration Data and certain other information about you is subject to our Privacy Policy. For more information, see our
full privacy policy at http://www.renderx.com/policy.html
5. Member Account, Password and Security
You will receive a password and account designation upon completing the Service's registration process. You are responsible
for maintaining the confidentiality of the password and account, and are fully responsible for all activities that occur under
your password or account. You agree to immediately notify RenderX of any unauthorized use of your password or account or any
other breach of security. RenderX cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply
with this Section 5.
6. Member Conduct
You understand that all information, data, text, software, photographs, graphics, messages or other materials of any kind
("Content"), whether publicly posted or privately transmitted, are the sole responsibility of the person from which such Content
originated. This means that you, and not RenderX, are entirely responsible for all Content that you upload, post, email, transmit
or otherwise make available via the Service. RenderX does not control the Content posted via the Service and, as such, does
not guarantee the accuracy, integrity or quality of such Content. You understand that by using the Service, you may be exposed
to Content that is offensive, indecent or objectionable. Under no circumstances will RenderX be liable in any way for any
Content, including, but not limited to, for any errors or omissions in any Content, or for any loss or damage of any kind
incurred as a result of the use of any Content posted, emailed, transmitted or otherwise made available via the Service.
You agree to not use the Service to:
a. upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any Content that is unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive,
harassing, tortious, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, libelous, invasive of another's privacy, hateful, or racially, ethnically
or otherwise objectionable;
b. harm minors in any way;
c. impersonate any person or entity, including, but not limited to, a RenderX official, forum leader, guide or host, or falsely
state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity;
d. forge headers or otherwise manipulate identifiers in order to disguise the origin of any Content transmitted through the
Service;
e. upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any Content that you do not have a right to make available under
any law or under contractual or fiduciary relationships (such as inside information, proprietary and confidential information
learned or disclosed as part of employment relationships or under nondisclosure agreements);
f. upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any Content that infringes any patent, trademark, trade secret,
copyright or other proprietary rights ("Rights") of any party;
g. upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials,
"junk mail," "spam," "chain letters," "pyramid schemes," or any other form of solicitation;
h. upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any material that contains software viruses or any other computer
code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or
telecommunications equipment;
i. interfere with or disrupt the Service or servers or networks connected to the Service, or disobey any requirements, procedures,
policies or regulations of networks connected to the Service;
j. intentionally or unintentionally violate any applicable local, state, national or international law, and any regulations
having the force of law;
k. "stalk" or otherwise harass another; or
l. collect or store personal data about other users.
You acknowledge that RenderX does not pre-screen Content, but that RenderX and its designees shall have the right (but not
the obligation) in their sole discretion to refuse or move any Content that is available via the Service. Without limiting
the foregoing, RenderX and its designees shall have the right to remove any Content that violates the TOS or is otherwise
objectionable. You agree that you must evaluate, and bear all risks associated with, the use of any Content, including any
reliance on the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of such Content. In this regard, you acknowledge that you may not rely
on any Content created by RenderX or submitted to RenderX.
You acknowledge and agree that RenderX may preserve Content and may also disclose Content if required to do so by law or in
the good faith belief that such preservation or disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (a) comply with legal process; (b)
enforce the TOS; (c) respond to claims that any Content violates the rights of third-parties; or (d) protect the rights, property,
or personal safety of RenderX, its users and the public.
You understand that the technical processing and transmission of the Service, including your Content, may involve (a) transmissions
over various networks; and (b) changes to conform and adapt to technical requirements of connecting networks or devices.
7. Special Admonitions for International Use
You agree to comply with all local rules regarding online conduct and acceptable Content. Specifically, you agree to comply
with all applicable laws regarding the transmission of technical data exported from the United States or the country in which
you reside.
8. Content Submitted or Made Available for Inclusion on the Service
RenderX does not claim ownership of Content you submit or make available for inclusion on the Service. However, with respect
to Content you submit or make available for inclusion in the Service, you grant RenderX perpetual, world-wide, irrevocable,
royalty free, non-exclusive and fully sublicensable license to use, distribute, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate,
publicly perform and publicly display such Content (in whole or in part) and to incorporate such Content into other works
in any format or medium now known or later developed.
9. Indemnity
You agree to indemnify and hold RenderX, and its subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, agents, co-branders or other partners,
and employees, harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys' fees, made by any third party due to or
arising out of Content you submit, post, transmit or make available through the Service, your use of the Service, your connection
to the Service, your violation of the TOS, or your violation of any rights of another.
10. No Resale of Service
You agree not to reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell or exploit for any commercial purposes, any portion of the Service,
use of the Service, or access to the Service.
11. General Practices Regarding Use and Storage
You acknowledge that RenderX may establish general practices and limits concerning use of the Service, including without limitation
the maximum number of days that email messages, message board postings or other uploaded Content will be retained by the Service,
the maximum number of email messages that may be sent from or received by an account on the Service, the maximum size of any
email message that may be sent from or received by an account on the Service, the maximum disk space that will be allotted
on RenderX's servers on your behalf, and the maximum number of times (and the maximum duration for which) you may access the
Service in a given period of time. You agree that RenderX has no responsibility or liability for the deletion or failure to
store any messages and other communications or other Content maintained or transmitted by the Service. You acknowledge that
RenderX reserves the right to log off accounts that are inactive for an extended period of time. You further acknowledge that
RenderX reserves the right to change these general practices and limits at any time, in its sole discretion, with or without
notice.
12. Modifications to Service
RenderX reserves the right at any time and from time to time to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the Service
(or any part thereof) with or without notice. You agree that RenderX shall not be liable to you or to any third party for
any modification, suspension or discontinuance of the Service.
13. Termination
You agree that RenderX, in its sole discretion, may terminate your password, if applicable, account (or any part thereof)
or use of the Service, and remove and discard any Content within the Service, for any reason, including, without limitation,
for lack of use or if RenderX believes that you have violated or acted inconsistently with the letter or spirit of the TOS.
RenderX may also in its sole discretion and at any time discontinue providing the Service, or any part thereof, with or without
notice. You agree that any termination of your access to the Service under any provision of this TOS may be effected without
prior notice, and acknowledge and agree that RenderX may immediately deactivate or delete your account and all related information
and files in your account and/or bar any further access to such files or the Service. Further, you agree that RenderX shall
not be liable to you or any third-party for any termination of your access to the Service.
14. Links
The Service may provide, or third parties may provide, links to other World Wide Web sites or resources. Because RenderX has
no control over such sites and resources, you acknowledge and agree that RenderX is not responsible for the availability of
such external sites or resources, and does not endorse and is not responsible or liable for any Content on or available from
such sites or resources. You further acknowledge and agree that RenderX shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly,
for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such Content available
on or through any such site or resource.
15. Renderx's Proprietary Rights
You acknowledge and agree that the Service and any necessary software used in connection with the Service ("Software") contain
proprietary and confidential information that is protected by applicable intellectual property and other laws. Except as expressly
authorized by RenderX, you agree not to modify, rent, lease, loan, sell, distribute or create derivative works based on the
Service or the Software, in whole or in part. RenderX grants you a personal, non-transferable and non-exclusive right and
license to use the object code of its Software on a single computer; provided that you do not (and do not allow any third
party to) copy, modify, create a derivative work of, reverse engineer, reverse assemble or otherwise attempt to discover any
source code, sell, assign, sublicense, grant a security interest in or otherwise transfer any right in the Software. You agree
not to modify the Software in any manner or form, or to use modified versions of the Software, including (without limitation)
for the purpose of obtaining unauthorized access to the Service. You agree not to access the Service by any means other than
through the interface that is provided by RenderX for use in accessing the Service.
16. Disclaimer of Warranties
YOU EXPRESSLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT:
a. YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. THE SERVICE IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS. RENDERX EXPRESSLY
DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.
b. RENDERX MAKES NO WARRANTY THAT (i) THE SERVICE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS, (ii) THE SERVICE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY,
SECURE, OR ERROR-FREE, (iii) THE RESULTS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE USE OF THE SERVICE WILL BE ACCURATE OR RELIABLE, AND
(iv) ANY ERRORS IN THE SOFTWARE WILL BE CORRECTED.
c. ANY MATERIAL DOWNLOADED OR OTHERWISE OBTAINED THROUGH THE USE OF THE SERVICE IS DONE AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK AND
THAT YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR LOSS OF DATA THAT RESULTS FROM THE DOWNLOAD
OF ANY SUCH MATERIAL.
d. NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, OBTAINED BY YOU FROM RENDERX OR THROUGH OR FROM THE SERVICE SHALL CREATE
ANY WARRANTY NOT EXPRESSLY STATED IN THE TOS.
17. Limitation of Liability
YOU EXPRESSLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT RENDERX SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL
OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, GOODWILL, USE, DATA OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES
(EVEN IF RENDERX HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES), RESULTING FROM: (i) THE USE OR THE INABILITY TO USE
THE SERVICE; (ii) UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR ALTERATION OF YOUR TRANSMISSIONS OR DATA; (iii) STATEMENTS OR CONDUCT OF ANY THIRD
PARTY ON THE SERVICE; OR (iv) ANY OTHER MATTER RELATING TO THE SERVICE.
18. Exclusions and Limitations
SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN WARRANTIES OR THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR INCIDENTAL
OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES. ACCORDINGLY, SOME OF THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS OF SECTIONS 16 AND 17 MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
19. Notice
Notices to you may be made via either email or regular mail. The Service may also provide notices of changes to the TOS or
other matters by displaying notices or links to notices to you generally on the Service.
20. Trademark Information
RenderX, RenderX, Inc., the RenderX logo, and other RenderX logos and product and service names are trademarks of RenderX,
Inc. (the "RenderX Marks"). Without RenderX's prior permission, you agree not to display or use in any manner, the RenderX
Marks.
21. General Information
The TOS constitute the entire agreement between you and RenderX, govern your use of the Service and supercede any prior agreements
between you and RenderX. You also may be subject to additional terms and conditions that may apply when you use affiliate
services, third-party content or third-party software. The TOS and the relationship between you and RenderX shall be governed
by the laws of the State of California without regard to its conflict of law provisions. You and RenderX agree to submit to
the personal and exclusive jurisdiction of the courts located within the county of Santa Clara, California. The failure of
RenderX to exercise or enforce any right or provision of the TOS shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.
If any provision of the TOS is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, the parties nevertheless agree that
the court should endeavor to give effect to the parties' intentions as reflected in the provision, and the other provisions
of the TOS remain in full force and effect. You agree that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or
cause of action arising out of or related to use of the Service or the TOS must be filed within one (1) year after such claim
or cause of action arose or be forever barred. The section titles in the TOS are for convenience only and have no legal or
contractual effect.
By using the Service, you expressly agree to these Terms of Service.
News
October 15, 2020
EnMasse 3.3 released
HTTP/1.1 server status;
performance improvements;
improved logging.
More news...
December 13, 2019
XEP 4.30 released
Rounded corners extension;
PDF Form Fields:
deselecatble radio buttons,
text alignment, bug fixes.
More news...
May 15, 2019
XEP 4.29 released
New rx:barcode extension;
bug fixes: PDF Form Fields,
font subsetting, SVG;
XEPWin: No JRE installer.
More news...
October 11, 2018
XEP 4.28 released
Digital Signature form field;
Adobe Cross mark;
Improved Checkmark Position;
XMP Metadata injection.
More news...
August 1, 2018
EnMasse 3.2 released
Multi-service mode - Fork;
improved Cliser logs;
simplified config format;
improved sample client.
More news...
RSS: Subscribe
© 2005-2019 RenderX®
•
Contact Us
•
Privacy Policy
•
Terms of Service