http://www.oscura.co.uk/cookie-policy.php
Oscura are committed to maintaining the trust and confidence of our visitors to our web site.
We do not share data with other businesses or organisations.
Visitors to our Website
When someone visits our website we use a third party service, Google Analytics, to collect standard Internet log information and details of visitor behaviour patterns. We do this to find out things such as the number of visitors to the various parts of the site. This information is only processed in a way which does not identify anyone. We do not make, and do not allow Google to make, any attempt to find out the identities of those visiting our website. You can find more information on how cookies are used on this website in the Cookies Policy below.
We use the tawk.to service for on-line support.
Any details you supply are used during the conversation session only and are never transfered to another database, unless you become an Oscura customer, in which case we will use your details to help us provide your requested services.
Tawk.to provide a secure encrypted service.
We ask your e-mail address to enable you to access our customer area.
When signed in you will be able to view the data we store about you and your organisation.
Customer Area
When you are an active customer of Oscura (for example you are have an active subscription for any of our services or have purchased development services within the last two years) we hold personal information. We use that information to contact you for invoicing and payment, and to contact you regarding your active services.
If you are an active customer we may contact you regarding services relevant to you.
We may contact you via phone, e-mail or by post.
You may change your contact preferences at any time by contacting us. We don't rent or trade your e-mail address or any other personal details with other organisations and businesses.
Links to Other Web Sites
This privacy notice does not cover the links within this site linking to other websites. Those sites are not governed by this Privacy Policy, and if you have questions about how a site uses your information, you’ll need to check that site's privacy statement.
Access to Your Personal Information
You are entitled to access the personal information that we hold. Email your request to our operations director Steve Leitch.
Cookies Policy
Cookies are very small text files that are stored on your computer when you visit some websites.
We use cookies to help identify your computer so we can tailor your user experience providing you with the correct details in our customer servicing area. We also use Google Analytics who use Cookies to track your page visits.
You can turn off Google Analytic cookies using our "cookie control" icon in the bottom left area of your display.
You can also disable any cookies already stored on your computer using your browser, but these may stop our website from functioning properly. If you disable cookies you may not be able to use the domain name registration checking service or our customer servicing area. All other areas of the website do not require cookies to function correctly.
Changes to this Privacy Notice
We keep our privacy notice under regular review. This privacy notice was last updated on 30 May 2018.
Acknowledgements
The picture of the Maiwand Lion in Reading's Forbury Gardens on the Oscura homepage is Copyright Andrew Smith and is licensed for reuse under the Creative Commons Licence available at http://www.geograph.org.uk/photo/756414.
Network Status
11
DEC
View full network status
Customer Servicing Area
Contact Us
4 Radstock Lane, Reading, Berkshire, RG6 5QL, UK.
Sales0118 959 7200
Support0118 959 7600
Emailsupport@oscura.co.uk
View the Reading webcam