http://www.microtronix.com/privacy-policy
REQUEST A QUOTE
0
PRODUCTS
SOLUTIONS
TELECOM SOLUTIONS
HD VIDEO SOLUTIONS
CUSTOM SOLUTIONS
RESOURCES
DOCUMENT LIBRARY
TELCO OSS & BSS DOCUMENTS
IP CORE AND FPGA DOCUMENTS
SDI VIDEO OVERLAY DOCUMENTS
SOFTWARE UPDATES
SUPPORT
FAQs
DISTRIBUTORS
SDI VIDEO & IP PRODUCTS
TELCO PRODUCTS
TECHNOLOGY PARTNERS
CONTACT US
PRIVACY POLICY
Home
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY GeneralMicrotronix Datacom Ltd. (Microtronix) respects the privacy of every individual who visits our websites or responds to our interactive advertisements. This Privacy Statement outlines the information Microtronix will collect and how we will use that information. This Statement will also instruct you on what to do if you do not want your personal information collected or shared when you visit Microtronix websites or respond to our advertisements. Personally-Identifiable InformationMicrotronix will not collect any personally-identifiable information about you (that is, your name, address, telephone number, or email address) unless you provide it to us voluntarily. If you do not want your personally-identifiable information collected, please do not submit it to us. If you have already submitted this information and would like for us to remove it from our records, please contact us at the Web site, listed at the bottom of this Statement. We will use reasonable efforts to delete your information from our existing files. When you do provide us with personally-identifiable information, we may use that information in the following ways, unless stated otherwise: we may store and process that information to better understand your needs and how we can improve our products and services; we may use that information to contact you; and we may provide that information to third parties. SecurityWe are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. Non-Personally-Identifiable Information Collected AutomaticallyIn some cases, we may collect information about you that is not personally-identifiable. Examples of this type of information include the type of Internet Browser you are using, the type of computer operating system you are using, and the domain name of the website from which you linked to our site or advertisement. Information We May Place Automatically On Your Computer's Hard DriveWhen you view one of our websites or advertisements, we may store some information on your computer. This information will be in the form of a "Cookie" or similar file and will help us in many ways. For example, Cookies allow us to tailor a website or advertisement to better match your interests and preferences. With most Internet Browsers, you can erase Cookies from your computer hard drive, block all Cookies, or receive a warning before a Cookie is stored. Please refer to your Browser instructions or help screen to learn more about these functions. How is Your Personal Information Used?MICOTRONIX may use your personal information for a number of different business purposes, for example to: fulfill your specific requests for products, services or information;provide customer support to assist you with your questions or complaints;conduct surveys in order to improve our services;measure and improve the effectiveness of our Web Sites or our marketing endeavours;detect and protect against fraud and error;track and analyze your purchases and preferences to better understand your product and service needs and eligibility;if you ask us, to offer and promote additional products and services we offer; andfor other purposes as described in this Privacy Policy. We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. Your ConsentMicrotronix will collect, use, or disclose your personal information only with your knowledge and consent, except where required or permitted by law.
When you choose to provide us with your personal information you consent to the use of your personal information as identified in this Privacy Policy and as may be further identified at the time of collection. Express ConsentSometimes you will be asked to give your express consent, such as by checking a box to indicate your consent to receive marketing communications, or by providing your signature to indicate your acceptance of the use and disclosure terms presented on an application form. Implied ConsentOther times, we may obtain your consent implicitly when we can reasonably conclude that you’ve given consent by some action you have taken or an action you have decided not to take.
Generally, this occurs where the purpose for use of your personal information would be reasonably apparent to you. Withdrawing Your ConsentYou may notify us at any time that you wish to withdraw or change your consent to our use and disclosure or your information.
We will accommodate your request subject to legal and contractual restrictions related to your transactions.If you have "opted in" or subscribed to one of our newsletters or mailing lists, we will always provide you the opportunity to "opt out" or unsubscribe.
For example, each e-newsletter we send to you will include a link or other method to unsubscribe or decline further e-newsletters. Information Microtronix Collects Directly from YouListed here are some further examples of the ways that we collect personal information directly from you and how we use it. Product or Service PurchasesWhen you purchase a product or service from Microtronix, you may need to provide us with contact, shipping and payment information (such as courier account, credit references, or credit card information) so that we can process your request or complete your purchase transaction and ship product. Examples where we need contact information include delivery services, product support, on-site installations, and extended warranty coverage. If we also wish to use this information to send you promotional information we will ask for your express consent. Returns and ExchangesOur goal is to ensure that you are completely satisfied with your purchase and to this end, Microtronix offers a Return Policy.
For Microtronix to continue to offer our Return Policy, we ask for business and personal information such as company name, contact name(s), address, and telephone number for the purposes of detecting and preventing fraud. Our Web SitesOur Web Sites can be browsed anonymously.
However, to engage in certain special features or functions of our Web Sites, or to order products/services, request evaluations, and maintenance updates from our Web Sites, you may be asked to provide certain personal information, such as company name, your name, email address, postal address, telephone number, credit card or other information.
We use this information to create your account, contact and correspond with you about your order, respond to your inquiries, answer your requests and monitor functions of our Web Sites that you choose to use, such as online forums. Links to Other Web SitesOur Web Site may contain links to other Web sites or Internet resources which are provided solely for your convenience and information. When you click on one of those links you are contacting another Web site or Internet resource. Microtronix has no responsibility or liability for, or control over, those other Web sites or Internet resources or their collection, use and disclosure of your personal information.
We encourage you to read the privacy policies of those other Web sites to learn how they collect and use your personal information. Does Microtronix Share Your Information?Microtronix does not sell or rent our customers’ personal information to any other party.
However, in the normal course of business we may share some of your personal information with third parties acting on our behalf or as permitted or required by law. Service ProvidersMicrotronix may use third parties to manage one of more aspects of our business operations, including the processing or handing of personal information.
When we do use an outside company, we use contractual or other appropriate means to ensure that your personal information is used in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy. For example, we may share personal information with third parties to perform services on our behalf such as: fulfilling online orders, processing non-cash payments, sending marketing communications, servicing products, conducting research surveys, verifying and validating information that you have provided to us, delivering products, and providing customer support services. Microtronix has taken precautions to prevent the fraudulent use of your information on our Web Sites.
Microtronix has adopted industry standard authentication procedures to ensure your protection while shopping with us online. This includes, but is not limited to, contacting financial institutions or credit reporting agencies to ensure the authenticity of your credit card and to validate your credit card billing information. Who to ContactIf you have submitted personally-identifiable information through a Microtronix website or interactive advertisement, and would like that information deleted from our records, please email Microtronix at info@microtronix.com and provide us with the request to delete your personal information. We will use reasonable efforts to delete this information from our existing files.If you have further questions, contact us at our email address, info@microtronix.com or call us at +001-519-690-0091 or toll-free at 1-888-690-0091. Privacy Statement Last Updated: November 12, 2010
TOLL-FREE: +1 888 690-0091
DESIGN SERVICES
NEWS
ABOUT US
CONTACT US
SUPPORT
REQUEST INFO
REQUEST EVALUATION
FAQs
TERMS & CONDITIONS
PRIVACY POLICY
© 2020
All Rights Reserved | Microtronix
Web Design by Strange Ideas
Share by: