http://www.acereader.com/privacy
Privacy PolicyEffective Date: April 14, 2016To review material modifications and their effective dates scroll to the bottom of the page.AceReader, Inc. ("AceReader") owns and operates this website business. All references to "we", "us", this "website" or this "site" shall be construed to mean AceReader. We understand that visitors to this website are concerned about the privacy of information. The following describes our privacy policy regarding information, including Personal-Covered Information (defined below), that we collect through this website. By using this website you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy.HOW WE MODIFY THIS PRIVACY POLICYWe reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time, and without prior notice, by posting an amended Privacy Policy that is always accessible by clicking on the "Privacy Policy" link on this site's home page. Your continued use of this site indicates your acceptance of the amended Privacy Policy.You should check the Privacy Policy through this link periodically for modifications by clicking on the link provided near the top of the Privacy Policy for a listing of material modifications and their effective dates.Regarding Personal-Covered Information (defined below), if any modifications are materially less restrictive on our use or disclosure of the Personal-Covered Information previously disclosed by you, we will obtain your consent before implementing such revisions with respect to such information.THE TYPES OF INFORMATION WE COLLECTPersonal-Covered Information. We collect (i) personal information that may be used to identify you, and (ii) covered information such as location data, screen names, and lists of contacts that you provide to us (“Personal-Covered Information”). Personal-Covered Information that we collect may vary with each separate purpose for which you provide it, and it may include one or more of the following categories: name, physical address, an email address, phone number, credit card information including credit card number, expiration date, and billing address.Non-Personal Information. We reserve the right to collect anonymous information such as your browser type, the URL of the previous website you visited, your computer’s operating system and Internet protocol (IP) Address, Internet domain and host name, your Internet Service provider, your clickstream data, and the dates and times that you may access this site and specific pages (Non-Personal Information”). Non-Personal Information is essentially anonymous when collected; however, it’s possible that Non-Personal Information could be used to identify you.HOW AND WHEN WE COLLECT INFORMATIONPersonal-Covered Information. We collect Personal-Covered Information at the time you provide it to us. We collect Personal-Covered Information through sign-up forms and as part of your registration for an account, product, or service including our AceReader online service from this website. Personal-Covered Information that we collect may vary with the each sign-up or registration.Your Communications With Us. We collect Personal-Covered Information that we receive from you as you communicate with us.Passive and Analytical Information. We reserve the right to monitor your use of this site. As you navigate through this site, Non-Personal Information may be passively collected (that is, gathered without your actively providing the information) using various analytics and reporting technologies, such as cookies and web beacons.HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATIONWe use your Personal-Covered Information for the performance of the services or transaction for which it was given, our private, internal reporting for this site, and security assessments for this site.We do NOT tie or link your Personal-Covered Information to Non-Personal Information with persistent identifiers. For example, we would not tie or link your email address (Personal-Covered Information) with information collected by a cookie regarding the length of time you visit our site (Non-Personal Information).We reserve the right to make full use of Non-Personal Information. For example, we may use Non-Personal Information to provide better service to site visitors, customize the site based on your preferences, compile and analyze statistics and trends about the use of this site, and otherwise administer and improve this site for your use.HOW WE DISCLOSE YOUR INFORMATIONGeneral Disclosure Policy. Our general policy is that we will not share, sell, rent, or provide access to your Personal-Covered Information to others. The only exceptions to this general policy: (i) are described in the subsections below, and (ii) if you explicitly approve through our site. We reserve the right to disclose Non-Personal Information without restriction.Disclosure to Your School’s Administrators. If you are a student of a school that participates with us in our AceReader online program, we have provided an option for your school’s administrator(s) to access and to manage access to your Personal-Covered information and test results.Disclosure to Affiliated Entities. We reserve the right to provide your Personal-Covered Information to any affiliated entities we may have, including our subsidiaries. Affiliated entities are entities that we legally control (by voting rights) or that control us.Disclosure to Service Providers for Website Operations. We reserve the right to disclose your Personal-Covered Information to our trusted service providers that assist us with the operation and maintenance of this site. For example, we may use third parties to process payments, host our servers, provide security, and provide production, fulfillment, optimization, analytics, and reporting services. We will take commercially reasonable efforts to cause these third parties to agree to hold your information in confidence or to disclose information only to third parties that we believe in good faith have instituted and follow privacy and security policies that are acceptable to us.Disclosure to Successors. If we are acquired by or merged with a third party entity, or if we sell this website business or a line of business from this website, we reserve the right to transfer your Personal-Covered Information as part of such merger, acquisition, sale, or other change of control. In the unlikely event of our bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, receivership, or assignment for the benefit of creditors, or the application of laws or equitable principles affecting creditors' rights generally, we reserve the right to transfer your Personal-Covered Information to protect our rights or as required by law.Disclosure Incident to Legal Process and Enforcement. We reserve the right to disclose your Personal-Covered Information if we have a good faith belief that access, use, preservation or disclosure of such information is reasonably necessary (i) to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request (such as for example, to comply with a subpoena or court order), or (ii) to investigate or enforce violations of our rights or the security of this site.SPECIFIC INFORMATION ABOUT COOKIES AND WEB BEACONS3rd Party Cookies for Web Analytics and Reporting. We reserve the right to use web analytics services provided by 3rd parties. These services use 3rd party cookies (cookies passed by others, not by us) to collect Non-Personal Information about your use of this site. These web analytics services may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on the service's behalf.Web Beacons. A web beacon is an electronic image placed in the code of a web page. We reserve the right to use web beacons to monitor the traffic patterns of users from one of our pages to another and to improve our site’s performance.DATA SECURITYWe follow reasonable and appropriate industry standards to protect your Personal-Covered Information and data. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet or method of data storage can be guaranteed 100% secure. Therefore, while we strive to protect your Personal-Covered Information by following generally accepted industry standards, we cannot ensure or warrant the absolute security of any information you transmit to us or archive at this site.When you transmit Personal-Covered Information through our registration process or if you purchase products or services, we encrypt that information in transit using secure socket layer technology (SSL).ONWARD TRANSFER OUTSIDE YOUR COUNTRY OF RESIDENCEAny Personal-Covered Information which we may collect on this site will be stored and processed in our servers located only in the United States. By using this site, if you reside outside the United States, you consent to the transfer of Personal-Covered Information outside your country of residence to the United States.UPDATING PERSONAL-COVERED INFORMATIONUpon request, we will permit you to request or make changes or updates to your Personal-Covered Information for legitimate purposes. We request identification prior to approving such requests. We reserve the right to decline any requests that are unreasonably repetitive or systematic, require unreasonable time or effort of our technical or administrative personnel, or undermine the privacy rights of others. We reserve the right to permit you to access your Personal-Covered Information in any account you establish with this site for purposes of making your own changes or updates, and in such case, instructions for making such changes or updates will be provided where necessary.EMAIL AND PRE-RECORDED PHONE MESSAGES; OPT-OUTThis site treats email messages and other electronic messages that are sent through this site and not viewable by others as confidential and private, except as required by law, including without limitation, the Electronic Communications Privacy Act of 1986, 18 U.S.C. Sections 2701-2711 (the "ECPA"). The ECPA permits this site's limited ability to intercept and/or disclose electronic messages, for example (i) as necessary to operate our system or to protect our rights or property, (ii) upon legal demand (court orders, warrants, subpoenas), or (iii) where we receive information inadvertently which appears to pertain to the commission of a crime. This site is not considered a "secure communications medium" under the ECPA.If you supply us with your e-mail address you may receive periodic messages from us with information specific to the site and required for the normal functioning of the site as well as for new products or services or upcoming events. If you prefer not to receive periodic email messages, you may opt-out by following the instructions on the email.If you supply us with your phone number you may receive periodic pre-recorded messages from us with information specific to the site and required for the normal functioning of the site as well as for new products or services or upcoming events. If you prefer not to receive periodic pre-recorded messages, you may opt-out by following the instructions in the message.LINKS TO OTHER SITES; ONLINE ADSThis site may contain links to other websites with whom we have a business relationship. These links may include online advertisements that we deem to be appropriate. Any information that you provide in the process of registration or purchase will be transferred to these sites. We have no responsibility or liability for the policies and practices of these sites. You should be careful to review any privacy policies posted on any of these sites before providing information to them.CHILDREN’S ONLINE POLICYWe are committed to preserving online privacy for all of its website visitors, including children. This site is a general audience site. Consistent with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), we will not knowingly collect any information from, or sell to, children under the age of 13. If you are a parent or guardian who has discovered that your child under the age of 13 has submitted his or her personally identifiable information without your permission or consent, we will remove the information from our active list, at your request. To request the removal of your child's information, please contact our site as provided below under "Contact Us", and be sure to include in your message the same login information that your child submitted.CONTACT USIf you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact the owner and operator of this website business at:AceReader, Inc.Attn: Privacy Policy Officer619 Main StreetGrand Junction, CO, 81502Email:compliance.officer-at-acereader.comTelephone:(970) 243-9390Fax:(970) 243-9482
Contact AceReader Today
For more information, a demonstration or technical support,complete the form below or call: 800-223-7323, Ext 2.
label_outline
Choose an option
I have AceReader Personal Edition and need help!
I have AceReader Family Edition and need help!
I use AceReader at my School and need help!
I'm inquiring about AceReader for my school.
I'm interested in AceReader for my organization.
Choose a contact option
perm_identity
Your Name
phone
Phone Number
email
Email Address
room
School Name
supervisor_account
Number of students
Less than 20
20 to 100
100 to 200
200 to 300
300 to 500
Over 500
Approximate number of students that will use AceReader
message
How can we help?
Submit