http://www.pragyanet.com/privacy-policy.htm
Private Policy
In order to send you information and product service offers that will more likely appeal to you, we may ask you to provide some information about yourself and your interests. Your participation is, of course, voluntary. We hope that you will want to take part in these special offers and opportunities, but we respect our customers' privacy.
Participation is your choice
We hope that you will choose to personalize your experience on the Pragya Net Technology website, and take advantage of the information and special offers that can be provided to you by registering on our site. If you would rather not participate, or if you think that we have information about you that is incorrect or you would like to change the information we have about you (if you move, for example), let us know by contacting us at the e-mail address below.
Information that we collect
If you choose to register on our site, we may ask you to provide certain information about yourself (for example, your name, address, email address, or other information) and/or your company so that we may learn more about what interests you or your company and so that you and/or your company can be contacted in the future (for example, for special offers).
Our website uses "cookies." A cookie is an application that allows a site to be customized to the preferences of the user by placing a small file on the hard drive of your computer, tracking the user's navigation, and storing information about it. For example, cookies may allow you to keep from having to re-type your user name every time you access a website. If you are registered on the Pragya Net Technology website, this information is personally identifiable. If you would rather not let us personalize your experience by using cookies, most web browsers have features that can inform you when a cookie is being sent and can allow users to opt-out of receiving cookies. If you are unsure of whether your program has this capability, you should contact the software manufacturer or your Internet service provider.
In order to improve our website and respond to the interests of our customers, we also collect certain information about the visits to our website by both members and non-members. For example, we may collect the domain name from which you access the Internet (e.g. "aol.com" for users accessing the Internet through America Online), as well as other information. If you are not a registered user on the Pragya Net Technology website, this information is not identified to you personally. If you are a registered user, this information will be identifiable through the use of cookies.
How we use the information we collect
We plan to use the information we collect in connection with updates, offers, and promotions made available to our customers and members. If you are interested, we will keep you informed of special offers on products and services offered to our members (for example we may send you an email or update your personalized screen).
We will also occasionally compile aggregate information (i.e., information that does not identify any specific information that reflects the identity of an individual customer or member) for internal use at Pragya Net Technology or to share with advertisers or other third-parties to help them become more familiar with our company and audience.
Because we are continually striving to offer more features and services to our customers and website members, we may change our policy with respect to how we use your personal information. In the event that we change our practices, we will post a notice on this website, and we will provide you with the ability to "opt-out" of any changes.
When you leave the pragya net technology website
When you choose to explore other venues on the Internet, the operators of the other websites may have different privacy and data collection practices. We recommend that as you explore the Internet, you are aware of the privacy policies of other websites you visit. We cannot insure that any site linked to or accessible from our page will protect your personal information and we cannot take responsibility for the practices of other websites.
Contact us
If you would like to change or remove any of your personal information, you can contact us at changes.
info@Pragya Net.com
Our Services
Application Development
Mobile Applications
Web Based Applications
Website Development
Corporate Website
PSD Slicing (PSD to XHTML)
Database Driven Website
E-commerce (B2B & B2C)
Flash Website Design
Website Maintenance
Graphic Design
Logo Design
Brochures Design
Flyer Design
Corporate Identity
Web Marketing
Search Engine Submission
Search Engine Optimization
Hosting
Web Hosting
Domain
Domain Registration