http://www.2bone.com/privacy.shtml
Web Design, Web site Repair, and CGI Programming for Your Web sites.
Main |
Our Services |
Free Link Checker |
Website Templates |
Webmaster Articles |
Contact |
Why Us.
Navigate
Main
Our Services
- perl scripts
- custom cgi forms
- web site repairs
Free Linkchecker
Webmaster articles
The Jokes
Link to us !
Privacy
Contact us
Our Link Checker is
2bone.com - Privacy Policy
updated April 2, 2009
- Your privacy and Third party advertising & cookies
- Your privacy and the "Send to a Friend" program
Your privacy is important to us.
We value you as a user of this site, and we want you to always enjoy your
experience with 2bone.com.
On a personal level, we are as sick and tired of spam and unsolicited commercial email
(UCE) as everybody else.
That's why any and all of the personal and/or business information that you
provide to us will remain with us, and will be used only for those reasons that we have
expressly informed you about.
Privacy re: Third party advertisers on 2bone.com
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here.
(http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html)
Google (google.com), as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on this website
Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to users of this web site based on their visit to this web site and other sites on the Internet.
Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
click here.
(http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html)
Privacy re: the 'Send to a Friend' feature on 2bone.com
Your personal informaton, such as your name, email address, and any personal
comments that you have added to the "Send to a Friend" form will only be sent/given
to the email address(es) that you have specifically entered on that same form,
or for uses for
which you have specifically requested and/or given us permission.
We maintain a secure log of the computer addresses that are used to submit the "Send to
a friend" form, this log may also contain the email addresses that you enter into
the form page. This information is retained only for our personal reference, and
is used only in the event that we suspect that the program is being abused.
Abusers of the "Send to a friend" program will find that their email address and
various other information is added to a "banned" list, obtained from our logged
information.
At no time will we offer, loan, rent, sell, barter, trade, or give your email address or other
private contact information to any other businesses, persons, or otherwise unless you have
very specifically requested and/or given us permission to do so.
At no time will we offer, loan, rent, sell, barter, trade, or give your email address or other
private contact information to any other businesses, persons, or otherwise unless you have
very specifically requested and/or given us permission to do so.
Questions about our Privacy Policy should be directed by email to:
info@2bone.com
Did you receive a spam message or virus that appears to be from 2bone.com?
Please click here.
Main |
Our Services |
Free Link Checker |
Website Templates |
Webmaster Articles |
Contact |
Why Us.
2Boneʩ1999 - 2009.