https://www.devfuse.com/privacy-policy/
Home
Forums
Products
Customers
Bug Reports
Contact
Home
> Privacy Policy
DevFuse - Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Brief summary
All information you share with us is securely held with DevFuse only and in no way shared with any other person or company. Your privacy is important to us. This privacy policy has been made easy to find on our home page and every place where your personal information is required.
What information is collected or received?
The information collected or submitted is information needed so you can order products, make requests and register your details to receive materials.
How do you use this information?
Information collected or submitted by you is not used for the purpose of completing any transaction or order between you and DevFuse. We do not share any information except to the extent required to complete that order. Email addresses are only used for the return reply of emails we receive, such as support issue responses or product updates, you will only receive product updates on your purchased products and email addresses will not be shared by outside parties.
We may use non identifiable information with outside parties, such as number of visitors in a day or number customers for a particular product, but this information will in no way use personal information that identifies or reveals and of your personal information of any customer.
How can I access my information?
All your personal information held by us can be accessed by contacting our company. You can correct or change your personal details providing credible information showing errors.
To unsure no unauthorized access to your personal details or information requests are properly examined and will require information to verify your identity before accessing or changing of personal details.
Children's Privacy
The privacy of anyone who is under 13 is important and in no way will we collect or use any personal information collected by person(s) known to be under the age of 13. We make it an important issue that no part in anyway is attracted to children under the age of 13 and will make and effort that all company or public discussions follow a standard public moral and that is acceptable to children.
Online Security
Every effort to maintain personal information security is taken, with electronic and physical data always being protected from unauthorized access.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns please make sure you contact us for more information. All policies by DevFuse are governed under Australian Commonwealth Law.
Last Updated: 8th January 2013