https://www.brainscanmedia.com/privacy-policy.php
Toggle navigation
Home
Company
About Us
Our Clients
Testimonials
Our Blog
Faqs
Services
Get A Quote
Domain Registration
Web Development
Custom Coding
Web Hosting
Merchant Account
Search Engine Optimization
Business Card Design
Incorporate Your Business
Portfolio
Support
Make A Payment
PayPal Payment
Request Invoice
Create Hosting Account
Update Hosting Billing
Frequently Asked Questions
BSM Store
Advanced Cart v4.17 (PHP)
Tiny Satchel v1.01 (JS)
Contact
Privacy Policy
General Information
Our website has the strictest security. Your name, and your personal information will never be used by any 3rd party companies nor do we use this information for any other purpose except for processing online payments for services or product purchases. We do not store your credit card number in our website. Once you type your credit card information, it is sent instantly, encrypted, directly to our merchant account processing system with Stripe.com. We employ the latest 248-bit encryption technology in all areas of the site which require you to provide your personal or account information. These include online ordering, service payments, order status, and newsletter request. This is done to protect you from unauthorized use of the information you are sending to our server.
Privacy Policy Statement
This is the privacy policy for all web sites operated by BrainScanMedia.com, Inc.
Contact Information:
You can email us at info@brainscanmedia.com or reach us by telephone at 720-263-2432
For more than 18 years, BrainScanMedia.com, Inc. has developed relationships with our customers based on respect and integrity. We're aware the level of the trust and confidence you demonstrate when you visit our website and provide us with information. The Privacy Notice below is posted to demonstrate our adherence to the security and privacy practices you'll find with us. We promise that we will treat your information with the same honesty and sensitivity that we have displayed throughout our company's history.
We will never share your email address, phone number, or credit card information with any unrelated 3rd party except as necessary to fulfill financial transactions that you initiate.
BrainScanMedia.com Privacy Notice
By visiting the BrainScanMedia.com, Inc., BSMStore.com, & TinySatchel.com website(s) you agree to accept the practices described in this Privacy Notice.
Changes to this Privacy Notice, Conditions of Use and Notices: This Privacy Notice and our Terms of Use will change over time and the use of information which we gather now is subject to these Notices and Terms as modified. Please check this page periodically as you continue to use our site to see if any changes have been made. This privacy notice was most recently changed on June 11, 2020. If you visit our Web site your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Notice and our Legal Notices, including the application of the laws of the State of Colorado.
Children: BrainScanMedia.com, Inc., BSMStore.com, & TinySatchel.com does not sell products to persons under the age of 18. If you are under the age of 18, you are required to seek the approval of your parent or guardian to purchase products or services from this site.
Personal Information Collected: BrainScanMedia.com, Inc., BSMStore.com, & TinySatchel.com uses information that we collect from our visitors to personalize and improve your visit at BrainScanMedia.com, Inc., BSMStore.com, & TinySatchel.com. We gather the following types of information:
Information you give us: BrainScanMedia.com, Inc., BSMStore.com, & TinySatchel.com collects any information which you enter on our Web site. This information is normally provided when you fill out our contact us, quote, and other informational forms, on-line surveys, or when you communicate with any of our departments such as customer service, sales or technical services through our Web site, telephone, mail or fax. You also provide information when you establish an account with us for website hosting. Examples of the type of information you may supply us with include your name, address, telephone number, credit card information, e-mail addresses.
Automatic Information Collected: We (or agents on our behalf) collect anonymous information from visits to our sites through cookie technology that enable us to record anonymous data about visits to our website like Google Analytics, or transactions made on our web site. This anonymous information is sometimes known as "clickstream data." We may use this data to analyze trends and statistics to improve your online experience, or customer service. No personal data is collected through the use of Web Beacons on our sites. Through the use of cookies, we may also collect and analyze the IP address used to connect your computer to the Internet; computer and connection information such as your browser type and version; operating system and platform; confirmation when you open emails that we send you; and the URLs which lead you to and around our Web site including the date and time. Your browser allows you to reject cookies and software is available from third parties which will allow you to visit our Web site without providing this information. You are welcomed at our Website if you use this software but we will not be able to offer you our personalized services and we will be unable to accept any orders from you.
Product Orders: If you place an order on our website, we use a secure order form which requires you to provide contact, billing, and financial information. This information is transmitted direct to our merchant account company Stripe.com to authorize and charge your purchase. All information obtained from you in the course of transacting orders is used for the purpose of fulfilling your order in a timely manner and for communicating the status of your order with you.
Credit Card Transactions: All credit card transactions for online services and web hosting fees are securely processed through our credit card processor Stripe.com. All customer information except for credit card information is stored in our billing system that is secured and linked to your secured customer account within our merchant account company Stripe.com. The financial information collected such as credit card information is sent directly to our credit card processor's payment gateway and is stored only on their network and is not recorded by BrainScanMedia.com, Inc., BSMStore.com, & TinySatchel.com.
Email Newsletter Subscription: Upon registration, you will receive a confirmation email to the email address you gave us with a link contained within it or instructions for completing the subscription process. You will not be fully subscribed to the newsletter until you click through the link in the email we sent you or otherwise follow the instructions contained therein. In order to make our emails more relevant and useful to you, our servers may receive a confirmation when you open email from BrainScanMedia.com, Inc.
Link to Third Party Site: Our Web site contains certain links to third party sites, such as our Authorize.Net Reseller and Affiliate sites. BrainScanMedia.com, Inc., BSMStore.com, & TinySatchel.com is not responsible or liable for the privacy practices or content found on these sites. We suggest that you check the Privacy Notice of each site you visit.
Information About Third Parties: BrainScanMedia.com, Inc., BSMStore.com, & TinySatchel.com maintains relationships with other websites that operate as its affiliates, however, BrainScanMedia.com, Inc., BSMStore.com, & TinySatchel.com has no control over their activities. BrainScanMedia.com, Inc., BSMStore.com, & TinySatchel.com will immediately cease doing business with any affiliate that abuses the terms of the affiliate agreement. This includes, but is not limited to: spam, trademark infringement, predatory means of attracting visitors, or unlawful activities. To report abuse by an affiliate, please contact us at or email us.
Law Enforcement and Protection of Users: We will release personally identifiable information to third parties and organizations when we believe it is appropriate for us to do so to comply with the law. We will also do so to cooperate with law enforcement investigations, comply with court orders or subpoenas, protect the legal rights of us and our users, or when we believe it is needed for fraud protection and/or credit risk reduction.
Security: We employ the latest 248-bit encryption technology in all areas of the site which require you to provide your personal or account information, including online ordering, order status, catalog request and most contest forms. Your name, and your personal information when it comes to web hosting accounts are safely stored in our proprietary systems behind our firewall. Once you type your personal information, it is sent instantly, encrypted, directly to our order processing system through Stripe.com which is on a server separate from our internet server. To make sure you have the latest security features on your browser, you may want to download the most recent version of your favorite browser, which should have full SSL support.
Choice/Opt-Out: Our Web site gives you the opportunity to opt-out of receiving marketing communications from us. If you no longer wish to receive communications from us you may opt-out by clicking unsubscribe at the bottom of the email or by calling .
SSL Data Encryption: Our BrainScanMedia.com, Inc., BSMStore.com, & TinySatchel.com website is registered with site identification authorities to enable your browser to confirm our security identity before any transmission is sent. With this technology, the identity of our site is automatically confirmed behind the scenes prior to the transmission of any customer information requested to complete an online order and ensures that your data reaches your intended target or your browser notifies you (prior to your sending any personal information) that the potential receiving site looks suspicious and should be avoided. Security Guarantee If you are using a security-enabled browser (such as FireFox, Chrome, Vivaldi, Opera, Microsoft Edge), the information you send us regarding your purchase is encrypted, making it extremely difficult to read even if it is wrongly intercepted. At BrainScanMedia.com, Inc. we utilize industry-standard Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology to allow for the encryption of: potentially sensitive information such as your name and address and other critically sensitive information like your credit card number. Standing behind our security technology, we also further ensure that you are protected every time you buy online with us.
Privacy Policy Last Updated: 2020-11-06
brainscanmedia.com
bsmstore.com
advcart.com
tinysatchel.com
Site By BrainScanMedia.com, Inc. - A Web Solutions Company.
Advanced Cart, Parker Colorado Web Design, Parker Colorado Web Design, Parker Colorado Web Hosting, Parker Colorado Web Hosting, Parker Colorado eCommerce, Parker Colorado SEO, Parker Colorado Search Engine Optimization, Parker Colorado Graphic Designer, Parker Colorado Programmer, Parker Colorado Business Card Design, Staten Island New York Web Design, Staten Island New York Web Design, Staten Island New York Web Design, Staten Island New York Web Designer, Staten Island New York Website Design, Staten Island New York Web Hosting, Staten Island New York Web Hosting, Staten Island New York eCommerce, Staten Island New York SEO, Staten Island New York Graphic Designer, Staten Island New York Programmer, Staten Island New York Business Card Design