https://www.alertlogic.com/privacy-statement/
Privacy Statement
Solutions & Capabilities
Solutions & Capabilities
Solutions
Managed Detection & ResponseOverview & Pricing
EssentialsCombat your risk of exposure to threats
ProfessionalComprehensive 24/7 security visibility and protection
EnterpriseThreat Hunting, individualized protection & customized response
Web Application FirewallWAF as a Service, Expertly Managed & Cloud Ready
Capabilities
Threat Detection & Response
Intrusion Detection
Log Management
Anti-Virus Integration
Asset Discovery
Extended Endpoint Protection
Managed Security Services
SaaS Vendor Security
Security Monitoring
SOC-as-a-Service
Vulnerability Management
Compliance Coverage
Compliance Overview
PCI Compliance
GDPR Compliance
HIPAA Compliance
SOC2 Compliance
NIST Compliance
ISO Compliance
Environments
Hybrid Cloud
On-Premises
Public Cloud
Amazon Web Services
Microsoft Azure & Office 365
Google Cloud Platform
Container Security
Resources & Events
Resources & Events
Resources
Blog
Whitepapers
Industry Reports
Videos
Security Checklists
Infographics
Datasheets
Compare MDR
Case Studies
The MDR Manifesto
Log Sources & Integrations
Webinars & Events
Events
Webinars
Education
What Is MDR?
COVID-19 Resource Center
Securing Remote Workforce
Download Report
Support
Support
Support
Product Documentation
Best Practices
FAQs
Release Notes
Community
Product Training
Support Team Available 24/7
Submit Ticket
Product Login
Partners
Partners
Alert Logic Partner Connect
Partner Program & Overview
MSP Connect Program
Reseller Connect Program
Referral Connect Program
Technology Alliance Connect Program
Find A Partner
Partner Resource Center
Become A Partner
About Us
About Us
About Us
Overview
Leadership
Board of Directors
Customers
Awards
Careers
Corporate Compliance
Responsible Disclosure Policy
News
Press Releases
Media Coverage
Events
Download Report
Get Started
Get Started
Close
HomePrivacy Statement
Privacy Statement
Alert Logic, Inc. ("Alert Logic") respects the privacy of its customers, employees and website visitors.
This Privacy Statement describes how Alert Logic collects, processes and uses the personal information / personal data (“Personal Data”) collected by Alert Logic through www.alert logic.com (the “Website”), during offline communications, at programs and events, and through other marketing practices. It also describes choices available to you regarding Alert Logic’s use of your Personal Data and the steps you can take to access this information and make any relevant requests. This Privacy Statement is incorporated into, and is a part of, the Terms of Use that governs your access to and use of the Website. By using the Website or otherwise giving us your Personal Data, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Statement. If you do not agree with this Privacy Statement in general or any part of it, you should not access the Website or otherwise give us your Personal Data.
Please be aware that this Privacy Statement does not apply to Personal Data you may have provided to us in the context of other, separately operated, Alert Logic products or services. The security of that data is warranted by Alert Logic as described in your contract and service terms.
We will always seek to comply with all applicable data protections laws, wherever we operate, including under the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and domestic legislation in the US and elsewhere, inclusive of the California Consumer Privacy Act ('CCPA').
Information We Collect
You may give Alert Logic personal information / personal data about yourself by filling in forms on the site, by registering or attending marketing related events or by corresponding with Alert Logic by phone, e-mail, web chat or otherwise such as:
Your first and last name, telephone numbers, physical addresses, and e-mail addresses, employment and education details.
For users of Alert Logic products and services, we collect:
Contact details such as such as your first and last name, telephone numbers, physical addresses, and e-mail addresses for correspondence purposes.
Log-in credentials to ensure the end user is entitled to access Alert Logic products and services.
Alert Logic may also receive information such as:
Name, job title, and company email address from trusted third-party sources to help us identify new customers and create more tailored interaction of our products and services that may be of interest to potential customers.
Alert Logic does not market to or knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 years of age via any site, product, or service.
Use of Personal Information and Personal Data
We collect and store personal information / personal data that you provide to Alert Logic.
Alert Logic may gather information about you through your use of our website and products and services in several ways. The below table outlines Alert Logic’s Purpose and Lawful Basis for processing your personal information and personal data.
Purpose
Lawful Basis
To carry out obligations arising from any contracts entered into with you and to provide you with the information, products and services that you request.
Processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which the data subject is party.
Processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the controller or by a third party.
To provide you with information about Alert Logic products and services that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about and to tell you about special offers
The data subject has given consent to the processing of his or her personal data for one or more specific purposes.
Processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the controller or by a third party.
To provide you with reminders and updates relating to Alert Logic products and services that you use;
Processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the controller or by a third party.
To deliver relevant information and advertising to you.
The data subject has given consent to the processing of his or her personal data for one or more specific purposes.
Processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the controller or by a third party.
To process applications for employment via the Careers section of the Alert Logic website
Processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which the data subject is party.
Processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the controller or by a third party.
In all jurisdictions in which we operate within the European Economic Area, Alert Logic businesses will comply, in full, with EU general data protection legislations. Where applicable, a local website may be maintained by the local business. Should this be the case, that business will be the controller for the processing of any personal data, which shall not include special categories of data as set out in the GDPR.
We will only process personal data where it is necessary to do so in accordance with our obligations and this privacy notice, In particular, we will only process personal data if we have your consent to do so, or where it is necessary when considering entering into a contract or otherwise contracting with you or where it is necessary in our legitimate business interest.
Where your consent is required, this will be made explicitly clear and you will have the freedom to choose whether to consent or not and to withdraw any consent given at any time.
Cookies
We may collect and store information about your visits and interactions with our site in collective or aggregated data that does not identify you specifically but is automatically received and recorded by us through the use of “cookies.” A cookie, also known as an HTTP cookie, web cookie, or browser cookie, is used by our web site to communicate state information to and from your browser and the website. The state information can be used for session identification, user preferences, or anything else that can be accomplished through storing text data associated with providing our services. Cookies cannot be programmed, cannot carry viruses, and cannot install malware on your computer.
We use cookies for a personalized marketing experience, for website functionality, and to maximize website performance. More information regarding the cookies we use, and rights you have if you are a California resident, can be accessed in our Privacy Policy.
How to Refuse the Use of Cookies
You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings in your browser.
Most browsers will allow you to see what cookies you have and delete them from particular or all websites. Be aware that any preference you have set will be lost if you delete all cookies, including some useful functionality such as personalization and “keep me signed in” and “remember me” features. For more information on how to modify your browser settings to block or filter cookies, see http://www.aboutcookies.org/ or http://www.cookiecentral.com/faq/.
Web Beacons and Embedded Scripts
Web beacons and embedded scripts are technologies used by Alert Logic on our website and in some of our emails and advertisements.
Web beacons are programming code included in web pages, emails, and ads that notify us when web pages, emails, or advertisements have been viewed or clicked on.
Embedded scripts are programming code included within some of our web pages that measure how you use those web pages, for example, which links you click. We use this information to improve our website and marketing to your likely interests.
Google Analytics
Alert Logic uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. Google Analytics sets a cookie in order to evaluate your use of our web sites and compiles reports for us on activity on our web sites.
Google stores the information collected by the cookie on servers in the United States. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. By using the Alert Logic website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
Managing Analytics cookies
You can opt-out of having your anonymized browsing activity within websites recorded by analytics cookies. We use external service providers including those listed below. You can learn more about their privacy policies and how to opt-out of their cookies by clicking on following links:
Adobe: http://www.adobe.com/privacy/opt-out.html
Google Analytics: http://www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html
Good Practice
Alert Logic will subscribe to the fundamental principles of good data protection practice including:
Processing data lawfully and fairly;
Collecting information for specified, explicit and legitimate purposes;
Ensuring that the data we collect is adequate, relevant and accurate;
Retaining data for no longer than is necessary; and
Applying appropriate security measures to protect data.
Sharing Information
Alert Logic Inc. is part of a group of associated companies in other jurisdictions. We may share the information that we obtain about you with group companies but will only do so having taken appropriate steps to ensure that your data is secure and processed in accordance with your legal rights. This includes ensuring that any recipient of data about you is obliged to meet applicable data protection standards.
The Alert Logic Inc. website is hosted in the United States. If you are located in another jurisdiction, including in the European Union, you acknowledge that personal data may be processed or transferred to the US, where there may not be equivalent levels of data protection to the laws in your home country. This data may also be sent from the US back to a group company in another country. We have procedures in place to ensure that your information is managed in a safe and secure manner when it is transferred.
As a general rule, Alert Logic will not sell, trade, or disclose to third parties’ personal information gathered online about you without your consent. The only exceptions to this rule are: (i) when we work with affiliated businesses, partners, or agents to develop a relationship with you or to perform services for you on our behalf or (ii) as may be required by subpoena, search warrant, or other legal process or in the case of imminent physical harm to you or others. In the case of (i) above, we require the relevant businesses, partners, or agents to adhere to our policies regarding the use and protection of your personal information.
To update any of your personal information or to change any of your marketing preferences, you may contact us at privacy@alertlogic.com.
E-mail Communication
We and our affiliated businesses, partners, and agents may use e-mail to communicate to our customers, respond to visitor e-mails, or to inform you about events or new products. We will not send commercial solicitation via e-mail to you if you request that it not be sent.
You can manage your email subscription preferences at https://go.alertlogic.com/Subscription-Management-Center.html.
Your Privacy Rights
GDPR:
If you would like to access, review, update, rectify, and delete any Personal Data we hold about you, or exercise any other data subject right available to you under the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR),  you can either click the “Exercise your Rights” link available at the bottom of our website homepage, or fill out this Web Form. Our privacy team will examine your request and respond to you in a timely manner.
CCPA, for California residents:
California residents have specific rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act (‘CCPA’).
The Right to Opt-out of Sale
The CCPA gives California residents the right to instruct businesses not to sell their personal information to third parties. While Alert Logic does not sell personal information in exchange for any monetary consideration, we may  share personal information with our core sub-processors to enable us to provide our products and services that could be deemed a “sale,” as defined by the CCPA (Cal. Civ. Code 1798.140(t)(1)). Please refer to our Data Processing Agreement (DPA) to see a list of our sub-processors. We support the CCPA and wish to provide you with control over how your personal information is collected and shared.
Please use this link to complete our "Do Not Sell My Personal Information" Web Form, or click the "Do Not Sell My Personal Information" link available at the bottom of our website homepage. Our privacy team will examine your request and respond to you in a timely manner.
Right to Request Disclosure
Furthermore, you have the right to request disclosure about what categories of personal information Alert Logic has sold or disclosed for a business purpose about you, and the categories of third parties with whom the personal information was sold or disclosed. Additionally, you have the right to request disclosure of specific pieces of information. Below is a full list of the information that you can include in your request.
The categories of personal information that Alert Logic has collected about you
The categories of sources from which Alert Logic collected the personal information
The business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling the personal information
The categories of third parties with whom Alert Logic shares personal information
The specific pieces of personal information Alert Logic has collected about you
The categories of personal information that Alert Logic disclosed about you for a business purpose
The categories of personal information that Alert Logic has sold about you, as well as the categories of third parties to whom Alert Logic sold the information
If you would like to exercise your right to request disclosure, please fill out this request form or call us at (+1.877.484.8383). Our privacy team will examine your request and respond to you as quickly as possible.
Right to Request Deletion
You have the right to request that Alert Logic delete any personal information about you that Alert Logic has collected from you. Please note that there are exceptions where Alert Logic does not have to fulfill a request to delete information, such as when the deletion of information would create problems with the completion of a transaction or compliance with a legal obligation.
If you would like to exercise your right to delete, please fill out this request form. Our privacy team will examine your request and respond to you as quickly as possible. Alternatively, you can email us at privacy@alertlogic.com.
The Right to Non-Discrimination
Alert Logic will not discriminate against you (e.g., through denying goods or services, or providing a different level or quality of goods or services) for exercising any of the rights afforded to you under the CCPA.
Retention
We will retain your personal information as needed to fulfil the purposes for which it was collected. We will retain and use your personal information as necessary to comply with our business requirements, legal obligations, resolve disputes, protect our assets, and enforce our agreements.
Transferring Information Overseas
Alert Logic has offices in the UK, USA and Colombia. It is possible therefore that your details or information collected may be available to these offices.
In light of the of Court of Justice of the European Union (CJEU) Alert Logic will no longer rely on the EU-US Privacy Shield program as a mechanism for the international transfer of personal data. Alert Logic will continue to adhere the EU-US Privacy Shield principles in respect to data already transferred under the Privacy Shield program. You can view a description of how we comply with the Privacy Shield Principles for data already transferred in our Privacy Shield Policy.
Alert Logic will continue to use Standard Contractual Clauses to ensure safe data transfer between our affiliated companies and from one of our companies to a subprocessor. Standard Contractual Clauses (often called “SCCs”) are standard sets of contractual terms and conditions that are prescribed by the European authorities. They are used to produce an agreement between parties in regards to compliance with GDPR requirements where personal data is leaving the EU for processing, or personal data being stored and accessed by a country that isn’t considered to offer adequate levels of protection to the rights and freedoms of data subjects.
Unresolved privacy or data use concerns
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request.
Security
Alert Logic utilizes generally accepted industry practices and standards in order to protect the personal information provided to or collected by us. In the case of clause (i) under “Sharing Information” above, we require that the relevant businesses, partners, or agents adhere to our policies regarding the use and protection of your personal information.
Links to Other Web Sites
Our website includes links to other websites that are operated by third-parties. These links are provided as a convenience and for informational purposes only; they do not constitute an endorsement or an approval by Alert Logic of any of the products, services or opinions of the corporation or organization or individual that manages these websites. Alert Logic bears no responsibility for the accuracy, legality or content of any external site. If you submit personally identifying information to any of those sites, your information is subject to their privacy statements. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy statement of any website you visit.
Changes to this privacy policy
Alert Logic reserves the right to modify this Privacy Statement from time to time (typically at least once a year) without notice and at Alert Logic’s sole discretion. We will post the details of such modifications and changes in the below section titled ‘previous changes to this privacy policy’.
Policy last updated in March 2020
Previous changes to this privacy policy
Editorial changes
Inclusion of consumer rights under the CCPA.
Contacting the Companies Data Protection Officer (DPO)
If you have any inquiries, concerns, questions, or comments regarding this Privacy Statement or Alert Logic’s compliance with this Privacy Statement , please contact Alert Logic’s DPO via email at privacy@alertlogic.com or via mail at:
Mailing address - Alert Logic UK Ltd, Hatfield House, 52&54, Stamford St, South Bank, London SE1 9LX Attn: Privacy Team.
Registered address - 3rd Floor Chancery House, St. Nicholas Way, Sutton, Surrey, England, SM1 1JB.
US: +1.877.484.8383
+1.713.484.8383
UK: +44 (0) 203 011 5533
Fax: +1.713.660.7988
Email: info@alertlogic.com
Solutions & Capabilities
Managed Detection & Response
Threat Detection & Response
Compliance
Cloud Security
On-Premises Security
Container Security
Resources & Events
Blog
Webinars
Industry Reports
Events
Customer Support
COVID-19 Resource Center
Top Downloads
Constant Vigilance is Key
The Bloor Spotlight
2018 Forrester Global MSSP
When Tech is Not Enough
Contact Us
United States:
844.816.1051
United Kingdom: +44 (0) 203 011 55331
Or fill out the form below and an Alert Logic represetitive will contact you shortly.
© 2010-2020 Alert Logic, Inc.
All rights reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy Statement | UK Modern Slavery Act Statement | CCPA Do Not Sell My Personal Information
By continuing to use this site, you are agreeing to the use of cookies, unless you have disabled them. Please read our Privacy Policy for additional information.
Accept and Close