https://www.ucertify.com/about/privacy.html
×
Scroll to top button
Privacy Policy
Our Commitment:
We are committed to protect your privacy. We assure you that the personal information you provide to uCertify over the Internet is treated with utmost care to ensure safety, security and confidentiality.
uCertify does not sell, trade, rent, or otherwise provide customer identifiable information to third parties (except as required by subpoena, search warrant or other legal process.) It may, however, provide this information to its affiliated companies in an effort to serve you better.
Cookies:
uCertify uses 'cookies' to allow customers to add items to the 'cart', to visit other pages within the site, and then to return to find their cart's contents intact. Cookies are also used to make sure that your order information is moved to our secure server correctly. You must 'allow' cookies for the cart to work and thus to be able to purchase products online.
Opt Out Policy:
At anytime, you can unsubscribe to uCertify Newsletter by clicking on "unsubscribe" link contained within the newsletter.
What other information should I know about my privacy?
uCertify contains links to other Web sites. Please note that when you click on one of these links, you are entering another Web site for which uCertify has no responsibility. We encourage you to read the privacy statements of all such sites as their policies may be materially different from uCertify's Privacy Statement. Of course, you are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your passwords and any account information. Please be very careful, responsible, and alert with this information, especially whenever you're online.
In addition to the circumstances described above, uCertify may disclose member information if required to do so by law, court order, as requested by other government or law enforcement authority, or in the good faith belief that disclosure is otherwise necessary or advisable including, without limitation, to protect the rights or properties of uCertify or when we have reason to believe that disclosing the information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing interference with our rights or properties, whether intentionally or otherwise, or when anyone else could be harmed by such activities.
Any material changes in the way uCertify uses personal information will be described in future versions of this Privacy Statement. Of course, you may always submit concerns regarding our Privacy Statement or our privacy practices to legal@uCertify.com. Please refer the privacy policy in your subject line. uCertify will attempt to respond to all reasonable concerns or inquiries within five business days of receipt.
uCertify provides Courses, Lab, TestPrep for IT certifications including
Microsoft,
Oracle,
Cisco,
CompTIA,
CIW,
PMI,
ISC2,
Linux,
Zend,
IC3,
Adobe,
Axelos and many more.
The logos and certification names are the trademarks of their respective owners.
Connect
About Us
Awards
Contact Us
Sitemap
Careers
Partners with us
Platform
Resources
Titles Catalog
Vendors
Certifications
Exams
Blog
Sitemap
Subscribe To Our Newsletters
Sign up for our monthly newsletter to get the latest news, updates and amazing offers delivered directly in your inbox.
Accessibility
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Statement
© 2002-2020 uCertify.
All Rights Reserved
uCertify App
We use cookies to enhance your experience. By continuing to visit this site you agree to our use of cookies.
More information
Accept