https://www.c-sharpcorner.com/termsconditions.aspx
TERMS & CONDITIONS
By using C# Corner (We, Us, or site), you (user, reader, or visitor) accept and will be bound by the terms and conditions specified by us.   These terms and conditions may be updated from time to time without any prior notification.   Please read these terms and conditions carefully before accepting or using this site.   If you do not with to be bound by these terms and conditions, you may not access or use the site..   Copyright, Licenses and Idea Submissions.   Domestic and International copyright and trademark laws protect the entire contents of the Site.   The articles, code, and other content on the site is copyright of the site and its authors.   You may read, print, download, copy, modify, and distribute the source code for your own personal, non-commercial, and commercial use.   However, you may not republish, post, sell, or distribute, in any manner, the content on the site including text, images, graphics, and other content.   By using the site, you also agree not to remove any author's or the site's copyright information from any material you wish to use.   Use of the Site   C# Corner is an online community for developers and IT professionals. You may share your code, articles, tips or other related material on the site.   Use the site on your own risk. We do not guarantee or warrant accuracy and reliability of data and information published on the site.   The site takes no responsibility of direct or indirect loss or any kind of harm to its users by other users.   The site also doesn't take responsibility of infected files or source code with any kind of infection or viruses, worms, Trojan horses.   To use the site, you agree you will not:
Post any information, data, text, or images, or other material that is unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, vulgar, obscene, libelous, or otherwise objectionable that may invade another's right of privacy or publicity; Post any Material that you do not have a right to reproduce. If you publish other authors work, you must have a written permission of the author of that material. Delete any author attributions, legal notices or proprietary designations or labels that you upload to any communication feature; Upload any material copyright, trademark, patent, or proprietary rights of any third party. Post any material, which can harm our visitors or authors. Use our author's or members emails (published on their request in their profile) to send junk mail, Spam, or chain letters or without their permission, Violate any applicable local, state, national or international law, Post any information or images on discussion forums that may harm any body by any means or unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, vulgar, obscene, libelous, or otherwise objectionable that may invade another's right of privacy or publicity.
Authors and Contributors   As an author and/or contributor, you agree that the site visitors are free to use your code or article or any other content for their reference and can use the code in their own programs freely and without restriction unless you have the permission in your code itself and may distribute compiled versions of the code freely and without restriction.   By submitting your content (article, source code, tips or other material), you agree that you are the original owner (unless you specify the reference and have a written permission of the original author) of the content or otherwise has the right to redistribute it freely.   C# Corner takes no responsibility, no liability for disputes regarding ownership, copyright, or trademarks of the code uploaded to this site.   However, by submitting your article or source code, you grant to C# Corner, a nonexclusive, worldwide license to link to, reproduce, distribute, adapt, perform, display and sub license the submitted code or content.   C# Corner reserves the right to reject any submission, to alter submissions, and to remove a submission from the site that had previously been posted at any time without any previous notification.
However once published article or code may not be removed from the site.   Editing the Contents   We may edit or update your contents (articles, source code, submissions, or other content) to improve the quality of the contents.
However, we may not update your copyright information.   We may also update your contents to run it on other versions on the product.
Authors are free to use the updated code in their personal or commercial applications.   To use the updated material in their commercial applications or on other websites, the authors must have our written or verbal permission.   Membership   We reserve all rights to allow or terminate a membership without any prior notification. We also reserve the rights to change the membership types on our site.   Contest and Prizes   We may start or stop contests and prizes without any prior notification.
Winners of contest and prizes are selected based on the article/code contents, usefulness, downloads, readers feedback, judges decision and other factors.   We reserve all the rights to determine which entries are winners as well as to cancel the contest or prizes without any prior notice. We shall try to send winner prizes as soon as possible, however we are not responsible for any delay or missing items by the mail.   The winners are responsible for sending their address within a week. We take no time guarantee outside of US as we have no control on the posting service outside the US.   DISCLAIMER   In no event will C# Corner be responsible for any incidental, consequential, direct or indirect damages, or other losses for any use of the site, its members sites, or links to third party websites including any lost profits, business losses, data losses, or any other property losses.   The content of this site may be subject to change or update any time without any prior notification. We do not take responsibility of the accuracy or redundancy, or originally of the material or any contents including text, graphics, code or other material on the site.   Links to third party sites   Third party site links on this site are only for your convenience and we have no responsibility and control on third party links. If any link is misleading or changed or removed, we are not responsible for that.   Registered Trademarks   C# Corner, Mindcracker Network, Mindcracker are registered trademarks of Mahesh Chand.   Microsoft, Windows, Windows 10, Windows NT, VC++, Visual Studio, .NET, VB, Visual C#, FrontPage, Windows Media other Microsoft products referenced on this site are registered trademarks of Microsoft Corporation.   Linux is a registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Jini, Java, and JavaScript are trademarks of Sun Microsystems, Inc.   Other product and company names mentioned herein may be the trademarks of their respective owners.   Copyright Notice   All submitted contents including text, articles, blogs, discussions, news, images, graphics or any other digital information are copyright of their respective authors and contributors. In no event, C# Corner, Site owners, Mindcracker Inc. shall be hold responsible for any unauthorized copyright activities.