http://www.acm.org/pubs/copyright_policy/
skip to main content
Digital Library
CACM
Queue
TechNews
Career Center
Advancing Computing as a Science & Profession
Join
Volunteer
myACM
Search Input
Search Submit
Join
Volunteer
myACM
Search
About ACM
About Home
About ACM
Governance
ACM Council
Boards and Committees
Past Presidents
ACM Constitution
Bylaws
Annual Reports
History
Code of Ethics
Code of Ethics Enforcement Procedures
Stop Harassment
Report Unacceptable Behavior
ACM in the News
Media Center
Contact Us
About ACM
ACM, the world's largest educational and scientific computing society, delivers resources that advance computing as a science and a profession. ACM provides the computing field's premier Digital Library and serves its members and the computing profession with leading-edge publications, conferences, and career resources.
[Learn More about ACM...]
ACM Regional Councils
ACM: Formed at the Dawn of Computing
ACM Celebrates #BlackHistoryMonth
Membership
Membership Home
About Membership
Membership Options
Membership Benefits
Ambassadors for ACM
People of ACM
ACM People in the News
Join
Renew
Subscribe
Manage your Account / myACM
Distinguished Speakers
Contact Us
ACM Membership
ACM offers the resources, access and tools to invent the future. No one has a larger global network of professional peers. No one has more exclusive content. No one presents more forward-looking events. Or confers more prestigious awards. Or provides a more comprehensive learning center.
[Learn More about ACM Membership...]
Customer Service FAQs
Become an Ambassador for ACM
Publications
Publications Home
About Publications
Digital Library
CACM
Journals
Magazines
Books
Conference Proceedings
ICPS
SIGs Newsletters
Blue Diamond Newsletter
Applications-Oriented Content
For Authors
Master Article Templates
Open Access
Artifacts and Reproducibility
New ACM Journals
Propose New Publications
Policies
Report a Potential Violation
Publications Board
Subscribe
Advertise
Contact Us
About ACM Publications
For more than 60 years, the best and brightest minds in computing have come to ACM to meet, share ideas, publish their work and change the world. ACM's publications are among the most respected and highly cited in the field because of their longstanding focus on quality and their ability to attract pioneering thought leaders from both academia and industry.
[Learn More about ACM Publications...]
Publish with ACM
Select Application-Oriented Papers
Software and Data Artifacts in the ACM Digital Library
SIGs
Special Interest Groups Home
About SIGs
SIG Listing
Emerging Interest Groups
SIG Awards
SIG Chapters
Publications
Conferences
Join a SIG
Volunteer Resources
SIG Leaders
Contact Us
Special Interest Groups
ACM's Special Interest Groups (SIGs) represent major areas of computing, addressing the interests of technical communities that drive innovation. SIGs offer a wealth of conferences, publications and activities focused on specific computing sub-disciplines. They enable members to share expertise, discovery and best practices.
[Learn More about ACM's SIGs...]
Join an ACM SIG
Virtual Conferences: A Guide to Best Practices
Conferences
Conferences Home
About Conferences
Conference Series
Upcoming Conferences
Get Conference Proceedings
Upcoming Submission Deadlines
ACM Author Rights & Permissions
Best Paper Awards
Volunteer Resources
Contact Us
ACM and its Special Interest Groups Host More Than 170 Events Worldwide
Our conferences, workshops and symposia unite innovators like you to push computing technology forward and to continue the legacy that unites us as like-minded thinkers and makers.
[Learn More about ACM Conferences...]
Find an ACM Conference
Virtual Conferences: A Guide to Best Practices
Chapters
Chapters Home
About Chapters
Professional Chapters
Student Chapters
Meetups
Newsletter
Calendar of Local Activities
Distinguished Speakers
Annual Reports
Find a Chapter
Start a Chapter
Chapter Policies
Chapter Administrative Interface
Contact Us
About ACM Chapters
ACM’s Professional and Student chapters worldwide serve as hubs of activity for ACM members and the computing community at large. They provide seminars, lectures, learning forums and networking opportunities with peers and experts across the computing spectrum.
[Learn More about ACM Chapters...]
Chapter-in-a-Box: Everything You Need to Run and Grow Your ACM Chapter
Chapter Administrative Interface
Start an ACM Chapter
Awards
Awards Home
About Awards
Award Recipients
ACM Fellows
ACM Advanced Member Grades
ACM Awards Committee
Nominate
Award Sponsors
Establish a New Award
Contact Us
About ACM Awards
ACM recognizes excellence through its eminent awards for technical and professional achievements and contributions in computer science and information technology. It also names as Fellows and Distinguished Members those members who, in addition to professional accomplishments, have made significant contributions to ACM's mission.
More on ACM Awards
Applications Now Open for Cutler-Bell Prize for High School Students
Team from Chinese/US Institutions Receives 2020 Gordon Bell Prize
First ACM Gordon Bell Special Prize for HPC-Based COVID-19 Research Awarded
Education
Education Home
About Education
Curricula Recommendations
Affiliated Organizations
ACM Learning Center
Resources for Educators
Resources for Graduating Students
Education Board and Advisory Committee
Reports and Studies
Contact Us
Education
ACM’s educational activities, conducted primarily through our Education Board and Advisory Committee, range from the K-12 space (CSTA) and two-year programs to undergraduate, graduate, and doctoral-level education, and professional development for computing practitioners at every stage of their career...
[Learn More about Education…]
Code Reviews – From Bottleneck to Superpower
It's Time Deep Learning Learned from Software Engineering
ACM ByteCast Ep8: Jennifer Widom
Learning Center
Learning Center Home
About the Learning Center
E-Learning
Member Offers
TechTalks
ByteCast
Resources
FAQs
Practitioner Board
Professional Development Committee
About ACM Learning Center
The ACM Learning Center offers ACM members access to lifelong learning tools and resources. Our E-Learning collections offer complimentary access to more than 55,000 online books and videos from top content publishers. The ACM TechTalk series brings leading computing luminaries and visionaries to your screen. Members enjoy exclusive offers and discounts on IT industry certifications and vendor-specific training.
ACM ByteCast Episode 6: Robin Murphy
ACM ByteCast Episode 7: Swetak Patel
ACM ByteCast Ep8: Jennifer Widom
Public Policy
Public Policy Home
About ACM's Public Policy Work
Tech Policy Council
Europe Tech Policy
US Tech Policy
Policy Products
Media Releases
Contact Us
Public Policy
ACM provides independent, nonpartisan, and technology-neutral research and resources to policy leaders, stakeholders, and the public about public policy issues, drawn from the deep technical expertise of the computing community.
[Learn More about ACM's Public Policy Work...]
ACM Europe TPC Comments on UK National Data Strategy
USTPC Urges Narrower Definition of Computer Fraud and Abuse Act
Diversity & Inclusion
Diversity & Inclusion Home
About Diversity & Inclusion
Stop Harassment
Report Unacceptable Behavior
Forming Diverse Teams
Words Matter
ACM Code of Ethics
ACM-W
ACM Future of Computing Academy
Contact Us
Diversity & Inclusion
Anyone, from any background, should feel encouraged to participate and contribute to ACM. ACM is committed to creating an environment that welcomes new ideas and perspectives, and where hostility or other antisocial behaviors are not tolerated.
[Learn More about ACM's Commitment to Diversity & Inclusion...]
Words Matter
How Diverse Is Your Team?
ACM Diversity and Inclusion Council Co-chairs
Publications Home
About Publications
Digital Library
CACM
Journals
Magazines
Books
Conference Proceedings
ICPS
SIGs Newsletters
Blue Diamond Newsletter
Applications-Oriented Content
For Authors
Master Article Templates
Open Access
Artifacts and Reproducibility
New ACM Journals
Propose New Publications
Policies
Report a Potential Violation
Publications Board
Subscribe
Advertise
Contact Us
Publications
Knowledge that Inspires
Publishing and disseminating original research and firsthand perspectives from the world's leading thinkers in computing and information technology.
About ACM Publications
For more than 60 years, the best and brightest minds in computing have come to ACM to meet, share ideas, publish their work and change the world. ACM's publications are among the most respected and highly cited in the field because of their longstanding focus on quality and their ability to attract pioneering thought leaders from both academia and industry.
[Learn More about ACM Publications...]
Search Digital Library
Recent ACM Journal Launches
ACM Transactions on Quantum Computing Launches
TQC publishes papers and select surveys on topics in quantum computing and quantum information science. The journal targets the quantum computer science community with a focus on the theory and practice of quantum computing. Scope includes: models of quantum computing; quantum algorithms and complexity; quantum computing architecture; principles and methods of fault-tolerant quantum computation; design automation for quantum computing; and more.
Digital Threats: Research and Practice Launches
Digital Threats: Research and Practice (DTRAP) targets the prevention, identification, mitigation, and elimination of digital threats, and aims to bridge the gap between academic research and industry practice. The journal's inaugural issue, a special issue including content from the 2019 FIRST (Forum of Incident Response and Security Teams) Conference, is now available in the ACM Digital Library.
Digital Government: Research and Practice Launches
Digital Government: Research and Practice (DGOV) is an interdisciplinary journal on the potential and impact of technology on governance innovations and its transformation of public institutions. It promotes applied and empirical research from academics, practitioners, designers, and technologists, using political, policy, social, computer, and data sciences methodologies. The inaugural issue is now available in the ACM Digital Library.
ACM Transactions on Computing for Healthcare Launches
ACM Transactions on Computing for Healthcare (HEALTH) is a multidisciplinary journal for scientific and technological results pertaining to how computing is improving healthcare. HEALTH is multidisciplinary, intersecting CS, ECE, mechanical engineering, biomedical engineering, behavioral and social science, psychology and the health field. The inaugural issue is now available in the ACM Digital Library.
ACM/IMS Transactions on Data Science Launches
The new journal ACM/IMS Transactions on Data Science (TDS) includes cross-disciplinary innovative research ideas, algorithms, systems, theory and applications for data-intensive computing. We invite papers that address challenges from acquisition to data cleaning, transformation, representation, integration, indexing, modeling, analysis, visualization, and interpretation. The inaugural issue is now available in the ACM Digital Library.
ACM Transactions on Internet of Things Launches
The new journal ACM Transactions on Internet of Things (TIOT) will cover applications, communication networks, data analytics, wearable devices, and many more topics in the context of IoT, with a focus on system designs, end-to-end architectures, and enabling technologies. TIOT solicits research that provides experimental evidence of its effectiveness in realistic scenarios. The inaugural issue is now available in the ACM Digital Library.
ACM Transactions on Social Computing Launches
ACM Transactions on Social Computing (TSC) has published its first issue covering the burgeoning field of social computing. TSC welcomes research employing a wide range of methods to advance the tools, techniques, understanding, and practice of social computing, including theoretical, algorithmic, empirical, experimental, qualitative, quantitative, ethnographic, design, and engineering research.
ACM Transactions on Human-Robot Interaction Publishes First Issue
ACM Transactions on Human-Robot Interaction (THRI) (formerly known as the Journal of Human-Robot Interaction (JHRI)) has published its first issue focusing on "New Frontiers for Human-Robot Interaction." THRI welcomes submissions on robotics, computer science, engineering, design, and the behavioral and social sciences.
Publish Your Work
New ACM Journals Accepting Submissions
ACM Transactions on Evolutionary Learning (TELO): Submit papers here
ACM Transactions on Quantum Computing (TQC): Submit papers here
ACM Digital Government: Research and Practice (DGOV): Submit papers here
ACM Transactions on Computing for Healthcare (HEALTH): Submit papers here
ACM Transactions on Internet of Things (TIOT): Submit papers here
ACM/IMS Transactions on Data Science (TDS): Submit papers here
ACM Digital Threats: Research and Practice (DTRAP): Submit papers here
Open Access Webinars
ACM Publications Board Co-Chairs Jack Davidson and Joseph A. Konstan joined ACM Director of Publications Scott Delman to answer questions concerning ACM's policies and practices on Open Access, as well as the current state and future of ACM publishing. On-demand videos of the three recorded sessions are now available via the registration links below.
Tuesday, January 21, 2020, 2:00 PM EST
Tuesday, January 21, 2020, 8:00 PM EST
Friday, January 24, 2020, 11:00 AM EST
Open Access Publication & ACM
ACM exists to support the needs of the computing community. For over sixty years ACM has developed publications and publication policies to maximize the visibility, access, impact, trusted-source, and reach of the research it publishes for a global community of researchers, educators, students, and practitioners.
ACM Books
New Title from ACM Books: Semantic Web for the Working Ontologist
Semantic Web for the Working Ontologist: Effective Modeling for Linked Data, RDFS and OWL (3rd Ed.), by James Hendler, Dean Allemang, and Fabien Gandon, discusses the capabilities of linked-data and semantic web modeling languages, such as Resource Description Framework Schema and Web Ontology Language, as well as more recent standards. Examples and exercises illustrate the use of semantic web technologies in solving common modeling problems.
New Title from ACM Books: Code Nation: Personal Computing and the Learn to Program Movement in America
Code Nation is a new history of personal computing that emphasizes the technical and business challenges that software developers faced when building applications for CP/M, MS-DOS, UNIX, Microsoft Windows, the Apple Macintosh, and other emerging platforms. This popular history of computing explores the experiences of novice computer users, tinkerers, hackers, and power users, as well as the ideals and aspirations of leading computer scientists, engineers, educators, and entrepreneurs.
New Title from ACM Books: The Essentials of Modern Software Engineering
The first course in software engineering is the most critical. Education must start from an understanding of the heart of software development, from familiar ground that is common to all software development endeavors. The Essentials of Modern Software Engineering by Ivar Jacobson and co-authors is an in-depth introduction to software engineering that uses a systematic, universal kernel to teach the essential elements of all software engineering methods.
New Title from ACM Books: Computing and the National Science Foundation, 1950-2016
This organizational history by Peter A. Freeman, W. Richards Adrion and William Aspray relates the role of the National Science Foundation in the development of modern computing. Drawing upon new and existing oral histories, extensive use of NSF documents, and the experience of two of the authors as senior managers, this book describes how NSF's programmatic activities originated and evolved to become the primary source of funding for fundamental research in computing and information technologies.
New Title from ACM Books: Concurrency: the Works of Leslie Lamport
This book is a celebration of Lamport's work on concurrency, interwoven in four-and-a-half decades of an evolving industry: from the introduction of the first personal computer to an era when parallel and distributed multiprocessors are abundant. The technical chapters of this collection edited by Dahlia Malkhi present a retrospective on Lamport's original ideas from experts in the field. A selection of Lamport's most influential papers is also included.
New Title from ACM Books: Providing Sound Foundations for Cryptography
Works that earned Shafi Goldwasser and Silvio Micali the 2012 ACM A.M. Turing Award are presented in this volume edited by Oded Goldreich. The foundations for cryptographic system design, developed mostly in the 1980s and co-authored by Goldwasser and/or Micali, transformed cryptography from an engineering discipline lacking sound theoretical foundations into a scientific field possessing a well-founded theory , which influences  practice and contributes to other areas of theoretical computer science.
Practical Content from ACM Queue
For Practitioners
To Catch a Failure: The Record-and-Replay Approach to Debugging
Mozilla’s record-and-replay debugging tool rr was built to test failures in the Firefox browser. After it was delivered, it became widely used outside of Mozilla, for regular debugging as well as for sleuthing out elusive failures. In “To Catch a Failure: The Record-and-Replay Approach to Debugging,” a Case Study in ACM Queue, Mozilla developers Robert O'Callahan and Kyle Huey recount the challenges they faced in creating and extending rr to Devon O'Dell, Senior Systems Engineer at Google, and Terry Coatta, CTO of Marine Learning Systems.
For Practitioners
The DevOps Phenomenon
ACM Queue’s “Research for Practice” serves up expert-curated guides to the best of computing research, and relates these breakthroughs to the challenges that software engineers face every day. This installment, “The DevOps Phenomenon” by Anna Wiedemann, Nicole Forsgren, Manuel Wiesche, Heiko Gewald and Helmut Krcmar, gives an overview of stories from across the industry about software organizations overcoming early hurdles of adopting DevOps practices, and coming out on the other side with tighter integration between software and operations teams, faster delivery times for new software features, and achieving higher levels of stability.
Publish in the ACM International Conference Proceedings Series
The ACM International Conference Proceeding Series (ICPS) provides a mechanism to publish the contents of conferences, technical symposia and workshops and thereby increase their visibility among the international computing community. The goal of this program is to enable conferences and workshops to cost effectively produce print proceedings for their attendees, while also providing maximum dissemination of the material through electronic channels, specifically, the ACM Digital Library.
Overleaf Allows Authors to Collaborate
Overleaf is a free, cloud-based, collaborative authoring tool that provides an ACM LaTeX authoring template. Authors can write using Rich Text mode or regular Source mode. The platform automatically compiles the document while an author writes, so the author can see what the finished file will look like in real time. The template allows authors to submit manuscripts easily to ACM from within the Overleaf platform.
Publish Your Work
ACM Policies on Authorship
Anyone listed as Author on an ACM paper must meet certain criteria, including making substantial intellectual contributions to some components of the original work and drafting and/or revising the paper.
Authors submitting papers for peer-review to ACM publications will represent that the paper submitted is original; that the work submitted is not currently under review at any other publication venue; that they have the rights and intent to publish the work in the venue to which it is submitted; and that any prior publications on which this work is based are documented appropriately.
Read the entire set of criteria in the Policy on Roles and Responsibilities in ACM Publishing.
Publish Your Work
ACM Conflict-of-Interest Policy
The Conflict of Interest policy outlines what constitutes a conflict of interest (COI) for ACM publications; who is in a position to identify and report potential COIs; and how a potential COI should be managed. The policy applies to any material that is formally reviewed or refereed as per ACM policy; awards based on content published in ACM venues; and authors, reviewers, editors, conference program committee members, judges, and other persons associated with ACM-published materials.
The policy provides specific guidelines for common instances with the goal of assisting in the process of identifying and resolving potential conflicts of interest. It also describes how the policy can be augmented, and how exceptions may be approved.
Proceedings of the ACM Series
Proceedings of the ACM (PACM) is a journal series that launched in 2017. The series was created in recognition of the fact that conference-centric publishing disadvantages the CS community with respect to other scientific disciplines when competing with researchers from other disciplines for top science awards and career progression, and the fact that top ACM conferences have demonstrated high quality and high impact on the field. See PACMs on Programming Languages, Interactive, Mobile, Wearable and Ubiquitous Technologies, Measurement and Analysis of Computing Systems, and HCI.
PACM on Programming Languages
Proceedings of the ACM on Programming Languages (PACMPL) is a Gold Open Access journal publishing research on all aspects of programming languages, from design to implementation and from mathematical formalisms to empirical studies. Each issue of the journal is devoted to a particular subject area within programming languages and will be announced through Calls for Papers.
PACM on Interactive, Mobile, Wearable and Ubiquitous Technologies
Proceedings of the ACM on Interactive, Mobile, Wearable and Ubiquitous Technologies (IMWUT) is a premier journal for research relevant to the post-PC era. IMWUT covers a broad range of topics and includes research contributions in systems and infrastructures, new hardware and sensing techniques, and studies of user experiences and societal impact.
PACM on Measurement and Analysis of Computing Systems
Proceedings of the ACM on Measurement and Analysis of Computing Systems (POMACS) publishes original research of the highest quality dealing with performance of computing systems, broadly construed. We recognize that critical insights into key design trade-offs in computer or network systems have historically be obtained using a broad set of tools: benchmarking and experimental evaluation, mathematical modeling, algorithmic analysis, which often need to be combined creatively.
PACM on Human-Computer Interaction
Proceedings of the ACM on Human-Computer Interaction (PACM HCI) is a journal for research relevant to multiple aspects of the intersection between human factors and computing systems. PACMHCI covers a broad range of topics and methods that help illuminate the intersection between humans and computing systems. The scope of this journal includes research contributions in new systems for input and output, studies of user experiences with computing systems, scholarship on the individual and group effects of computer mediation, and societal impacts of new human computer interactions.
PACM on Computer Graphics and Interactive Techniques
Proceedings of the ACM on Computer Graphics and Interactive Techniques (PACMCGIT) publishes original research of the highest quality dealing with all areas of computer graphics and interactive techniques including rendering, modeling, animation, and digital image processing as well as the visual computing and simulation elements of  computational fabrication, computational photography, physical modeling and control, user interfaces, video game techniques, and virtual and augmented reality.
CACM Reports
Measuring Internet Speed
Various governmental organizations have begun to rely on so-called Internet speed tests to measure broadband Internet speed. The accuracy of measurement is critical to these assessments, as measurements can inform everything from investment decisions to policy actions and even litigation. Unfortunately, these efforts sometimes rely on outmoded technology, making the resulting data unreliable or misleading. Nick Feamster and Jason Livingood describe the current state of speed testing tools, outline their limitations, and explore paths forward to better inform the various technical and policy ambitions and outcomes in "Measuring Internet Speed," a Review Article in the December 2020 Communications of the ACM.
New Journal: ACM Transactions on Evolutionary Learning and Optimization
The new journal ACM Transactions on Evolutionary Learning and Optimization (TELO) will cover evolutionary computation and related areas such as population-based methods, Bayesian optimization, and swarm intelligence. Papers making solid contributions to theory, method and applications are welcome. TELO is particularly interested in papers at the intersection of optimization and machine learning. Visit telo.acm.org for more information or to submit your manuscript. TELO's EICs are Darrell Whitley (Colorado State University) and Jürgen Branke (University of Warwick and Karlsruhe Institute of Technology).
Publish Your Work
Publons Reviewer Recognition Service
In an effort to better serve—and incentivize—ACM reviewers, ACM has partnered with the Publons Reviewer Recognition Service, which allows reviewers to create a profile and to track, verify and promote their efforts for ACM publications. Publons—operating on over 5,000 scholarly journals—is owned by Clarivate Analytics and offers a verified record of a reviewer’s editorial activity for a publication that can be used for CVs, profiles, tenure packages, and more.
Promote Your Work with Kudos
Kudos is a free service that you can use to promote your work more effectively. After your paper has been accepted and uploaded to the ACM Digital Library, you'll receive an invitation from Kudos to create an account and add a plain-language description. The Kudos “Shareable PDF” allows you to generate a PDF to upload to websites, such as your homepage, institutional repository, preprint services, and social media. This PDF contains a link to the full-text version of your article in the ACM DL, adding to download and citation counts.
ACM Interactions Responds to COVID-19
ACM Interactions magazine is responding to the COVID-19 crisis with a new editorial platform, inviting makers, designers, and writers to share observations, ideas, and experiences in blog form that address the pressing matters we face in this pandemic. The website has been reconfigured to spotlight the blog posts as they arrive. Visit the site to read the entries and learn how you can contribute your own insights.
Green AI
The computational costs of state-of-the-art AI research has increased 300,000x in recent years. This trend stems from the AI community's focus on accuracy, and leads to a surprisingly large carbon footprint. Authors Roy Schwartz, Jesse Dodge, Noah A. Smith, and Oren Etzioni propose an alternative, Green AI, which treats efficiency as a primary evaluation criterion alongside accuracy. Read their Contributed Article "Green AI" in the December 2020 issue of Communications of the ACM.
Learn More about Features in the New ACM Digital Library
More precise search. Alerts when new articles in your area of interest are published. Expanded article pages. More informative author profile pages. Integrated journal homepages and expanded content on ACM SIGs and conferences. These are just some of the features you'll find in the new ACM DL. Check out our series of emails about these and other soon-to-come enhancements, and explore the beta version of the new DL to discover more about the new DL experience.
New EIC
ACM Transactions on Autonomous and Adaptive Systems Names Valérie Issarny as EiC
ACM Transactions on Autonomous and Adaptive Systems (TAAS) has named Valérie Issarny as Editor-in-Chief, for the term December 1, 2020 to November 30, 2023. Valérie is a Director of Research at the National Institute for Research in Digital Science and Technology (France).
New EIC
ACM Transactions on Algorithms Names Edith Cohen as EiC
ACM Transactions on Algorithms (TALG) has named Edith Cohen as Editor-in-Chief, for the term December 1, 2020 to November 30, 2023. Edith is a Research Scientist at Google in Mountain View, California and visiting professor at Tel Aviv University in Israel.
Get Involved
ACM Transactions on Privacy and Security Welcomes New Editor-in-Chief
ACM Transactions on Privacy and Security (TOPS) welcomes Ninghui Li as its new Editor-in-Chief for the term of October 1, 2020 to September 30, 2023. Ninghui is a Computer Science Professor at Purdue University.
Get Involved
PACM on Human-Computer Interaction Welcomes New Editor-in-Chief
Proceedings of the ACM on Human-Computer Interaction (PACM HCI) welcomes Jeffrey Nichols as its new Editor-in-Chief for the term of August 1, 2020 to July 31, 2023. Jeffrey is a Research Scientist in the AI/ML group at Apple.
ACM Transactions on Information Systems Welcomes New Editor-in-Chief
ACM Transactions on Information Systems (TOIS) welcomes Min Zhang as its new Editor-in-Chief for the term of August 1, 2020 to July 31, 2023. Min is an Associate Professor in the Computer Science and Technology Department at Tsinghua University.
Get Involved
ACM Transactions on Database Systems Welcomes New Editor-in-Chief
ACM Transactions on Database Systems (TODS) welcomes Christopher M. Jermaine as its new Editor-in-Chief for the term of July 1, 2020 to June 30, 2023. Christopher is Professor of Computer Science and Program Director of the Data Science Initiative at Rice University.
New Authoring Templates for ACM Publications
ACM has transitioned to new authoring templates. The new template consolidates all eight individual ACM journal and proceedings templates. The templates are updated to the latest software versions, have been developed to enable accessibility features, and use a new font set.
New Options for ACM Authors to Manage Rights and Permissions
Changes expand access to Special Interest Group conference proceedings. ACM offers flexible options that fit computing researchers' individual needs.
Ubiquity’s Communication Corner Helps Improve Writing and Speaking Skills
Have you always wondered how you can improve your writing and communicate more effectively? Ubiquity, ACM's online magazine of critical analysis and in-depth commentary, offers Communication Corner, a monthy feature by Philip Yaffe, retired Wall Street Journal reporter and Ubiquity editorial board member. Each installment includes an essay on a fundamental aspect of effective writing or speaking; an exercise to help you practice writing on the topic being discussed; and an invitation to submit your exercise for possible critique.
Premier Resource
Bringing You the World’s Computing Literature
The most comprehensive collection of full-text articles and bibliographic records covering computing and information technology includes the complete collection of ACM's publications.
Get Involved with ACM
ACM is a volunteer-led and member-driven organization. Everything ACM accomplishes is through the efforts of people like you. A wide range of activities keeps ACM moving: organizing conferences, editing journals, reviewing papers and participating on boards and committees, to name a few. Find out all the ways that you can volunteer with ACM.