https://www.goldkey.com/goldkey-legal/
Terms of UsePrivacy PolicyCopyrights and TrademarksOther
Overview
The following are terms of a legal agreement between you and CybrSecurity Corporation (“GoldKey”). By accessing, browsing, or using this Web site, you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agree to be bound by these terms and to comply with all applicable laws and regulations, including export and re-export control laws and regulations. If you do not agree to these terms, please do not use this Web site.
GoldKey may, without notice to you, at any time revise these Terms of Use and any other information contained in this Web site by updating this posting. GoldKey may also make improvements or changes in the products, services, or programs described in this site at any time without notice.
General
This Web site contains proprietary notices and copyright information, the terms of which must be observed and followed. Please see the tab entitled “Copyrights & Trademarks” for related information.
This site and all content in this site may not be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted, distributed, or used for the creation of derivative works without GoldKey’s prior written consent, except that GoldKey grants you non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited permission to access and display the Web pages within this site, solely on your computer and for your personal, non-commercial use of this Web site. This permission is conditioned on your not modifying the content displayed on this site, your keeping intact all copyright, trademark, and other proprietary notices, and your acceptance of any terms, conditions, and notices accompanying the content or otherwise set forth in this site. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any software and other materials that are made available for downloading, access, or other use from this site with their own license terms, conditions, and notices will be governed by such terms, conditions, and notices.
Your failure to comply with the terms, conditions, and notices on this site will result in automatic termination of any rights granted to you, without prior notice, and you must immediately destroy all copies of downloaded materials in your possession or control. Except for the limited permission in the preceding paragraph, GoldKey does not grant you any express or implied rights or licenses under any patents, trademarks, copyrights, or other proprietary or intellectual property rights. You may not mirror any of the content from this site on another Web site or in any other media.
Certain disclaimers
Information on this Web site is not promised or guaranteed to be correct, current, or complete, and this site may contain technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. GoldKey assumes no responsibility (and expressly disclaims responsibility) for updating this site to keep information current or to ensure the accuracy or completeness of any posted information. Accordingly, you should confirm the accuracy and completeness of all posted information before making any decision related to any services, products, or other matters described in this site.
GoldKey provides no assurances that any reported problems will be resolved by GoldKey, even if GoldKey elects to provide information with the goal of addressing a problem.
Confidential information
GoldKey does not want to receive confidential or proprietary information from you through our Web site. Please note that any information or material sent to GoldKey will be deemed NOT to be confidential. By sending GoldKey any information or material, you grant GoldKey an unrestricted, irrevocable license to copy, reproduce, publish, upload, post, transmit, distribute, publicly display, perform, modify, create derivative works from, and otherwise freely use, those materials or information. You also agree that GoldKey is free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how, or techniques that you send us for any purpose. However, we will not release your name or otherwise publicize the fact that you submitted materials or other information to us unless: (a) we obtain your permission to use your name; or (b) we first notify you that the materials or other information you submit to a particular part of this site will be published or otherwise used with your name on it; or (c) we are required to do so by law. Personally-identifiable information that you submit to GoldKey for the purpose of receiving products or services will be handled in accordance with our privacy policies. Please see the tab entitled “Privacy Policy” for information regarding GoldKey’s privacy policies.
Your Submissions GoldKey services may allow you to submit materials such as comments, pictures, and videos. Your use of such features must comply with the Submissions Guidelines below, which may be updated from time to time. If you see materials that do not comply with the Submissions Guidelines, please use the Contact link at goldkeyid.com. GoldKey may monitor and decide to remove or edit any submitted material.
Submissions Guidelines: You may not use GoldKey services to:
post any materials that you do not have permission, right or license to use;
post objectionable, offensive, unlawful, deceptive or harmful content;
post personal, private or confidential information belonging to others;
request personal information from a minor;
impersonate or misrepresent your affiliation with another person, or entity;
post or transmit spam, including but not limited to unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, or informational announcements;
plan or engage in any illegal, fraudulent, or manipulative activity.
Global availability
Information GoldKey publishes on the World Wide Web may contain references or cross references to GoldKey products, programs and services that are not announced or available in your country. Such references do not imply that GoldKey intends to announce or make available such products, programs, or services in your country.
Business relationships
This Web site may provide links or references to non-GoldKey Web sites and resources. GoldKey makes no representations, warranties, or other commitments whatsoever about any non-GoldKey Web sites or third-party resources that may be referenced, accessible from, or linked to any GoldKey site. A link to a non-GoldKey Web site does not mean that GoldKey endorses the content or use of such Web site or its owner. In addition, GoldKey is not a party to or responsible for any transactions you may enter into with third parties, even if you learn of such parties (or use a link to such parties) from the GoldKey site. Accordingly, you acknowledge and agree that GoldKey is not responsible for the availability of such external sites or resources, and is not responsible or liable for any content, services, products, or other materials on or available from those sites or resources.
When you access a non-GoldKey Web site, even one that may contain the GoldKey logo, please understand that it is independent from GoldKey, and that GoldKey does not control the content on that Web site. It is up to you to take precautions to protect yourself from viruses, worms, trojan horses, and other potentially destructive programs, and to protect your information as you deem appropriate.
Linking to this site
All links to this Web site must be approved in writing by GoldKey, with the exception that GoldKey consents to links in which the link and the pages that are activated by the link do not: (a) create frames around any page on this Web site or use other techniques that alter in any way the visual presentation or appearance of any content within this site; (b) misrepresent your relationship with GoldKey; (c) imply that GoldKey approves or endorses you, your Web site, or your service or product offerings; and (d) present false or misleading impressions about GoldKey or otherwise damage the goodwill associated with the GoldKey name or trademarks. As a further condition to being permitted to link to this site, you agree that GoldKey may at any time, in its sole discretion, terminate permission to link to this Web site. In such event, you agree to immediately remove all links to this Web site and to cease using any GoldKey trademark.
Translations
Certain text in this Web site may be made available in languages other than English. Text may be translated by a person or solely by computer software with no human intervention or review. These translations are provided as a convenience to you, and GoldKey makes no representations or commitments regarding the accuracy or completeness of the translation, whether or not computer-generated or performed by a person. Please see the below Disclaimer of Warranty for additional conditions.
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY
USE OF THIS SITE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. ALL MATERIALS, INFORMATION, PRODUCTS, SOFTWARE, PROGRAMS, AND SERVICES ARE PROVIDED “AS IS,” WITH NO WARRANTIES OR GUARANTEES WHATSOEVER. GOLDKEY EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW ALL EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY, AND OTHER WARRANTIES, GUARANTEES, OR REPRESENTATIONS, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT OF PROPRIETARY AND INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS. WITHOUT LIMITATION, GOLDKEY MAKES NO WARRANTY OR GUARANTEE THAT THIS WEB SITE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, OR ERROR-FREE.
YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT IF YOU DOWNLOAD OR OTHERWISE OBTAIN MATERIALS, INFORMATION, PRODUCTS, SOFTWARE, PROGRAMS, OR SERVICES, YOU DO SO AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK AND THAT YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGES THAT MAY RESULT, INCLUDING LOSS OF DATA OR DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM.
SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF WARRANTIES, SO THE ABOVE EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
IN NO EVENT WILL GOLDKEY BE LIABLE TO ANY PARTY FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY TYPE WHATSOEVER RELATED TO OR ARISING FROM THIS WEB SITE OR ANY USE OF THIS WEB SITE, OR OF ANY SITE OR RESOURCE LINKED TO, REFERENCED, OR ACCESSED THROUGH THIS WEB SITE, OR FOR THE USE OR DOWNLOADING OF, OR ACCESS TO, ANY MATERIALS, INFORMATION, PRODUCTS, OR SERVICES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY LOST PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOST SAVINGS OR LOSS OF PROGRAMS OR OTHER DATA, EVEN IF GOLDKEY IS EXPRESSLY ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. THIS EXCLUSION AND WAIVER OF LIABILITY APPLIES TO ALL CAUSES OF ACTION, WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, WARRANTY, TORT, OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORIES.
Additional or different terms, conditions, and notices may apply to specific materials, information, products, software, and services offered through this Web site. In the event of any conflict, such additional or different terms, conditions, and notices will prevail over these Terms of Use. Please see the applicable agreement or notice.
Privacy Policy
This policy describes how we treat personal information when you use GoldKey’s Products and Services.
How we collect information about you
When you visit the GoldKey website, we may collect your IP address and standard web log information, such as your browser type and the pages you accessed on our website.
When you sign up for a GoldKey Account, we ask for your personal information so that we can provide you with the service. The information we require to register for – or use – the service includes your name, address, phone number, and email address.
When you use GoldKey to purchase products or services, we collect information about each transaction, including the transaction amount, a description of the products or services being purchased, the name of the buyer, and the type of payment used. We may also collect information about your computer or other access device for fraud prevention purposes.
In order to protect you from fraud or other misconduct, we may obtain information about you from third parties to verify the information you provide. For example, we may use card authorization and fraud screening services to verify that your credit or debit card information and address match the information that you provided to us.
Finally, we may collect additional information from or about you in other ways not specifically described here. For example, we may collect information related to your contact with our customer support team or store results when you respond to a survey.
How we use cookies
When you access our website, we, or companies we hire to track how our website is used, may place small data files called “cookies” on your computer.
We may send a “session cookie” to your computer when you log in to your account. This type of cookie helps us to recognize you if you visit multiple pages on our site during the same session, so that we don’t need to ask you for your password on each page. Once you log out or close your browser, this cookie expires and no longer has any effect.
We may also use longer-lasting cookies for other purposes such as to display your e-mail address on our sign-in form, so that you don’t need to retype the e-mail address each time you log in to your account. You are free to decline our cookies if your browser permits, but doing so may interfere with your use of our website.
How we protect and store personal information
We store and process your personal information on our computers in the US, and we protect it by maintaining physical, electronic and procedural safeguards. We use computer safeguards such as firewalls and GoldKey 256-bit data encryption, we enforce physical access controls to our buildings and files, and we authorize access to personal information only for those employees who require it to fulfill their job responsibilities.
How we use the personal information we collect
Our primary purpose in collecting personal information is to provide you with a safe, smooth, efficient, and customized experience. We may use your personal information to:
provide the services and customer support you request;
process transactions and send notices about your transactions;
resolve disputes, collect fees, and troubleshoot problems;
prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities, and enforce our User Agreement;
customize, measure, and improve our services, the content and layout of our website; and
compare information for accuracy and verify it with third parties.
How we share personal information with other parties
We may share your personal information with:
Companies that we plan to merge with or be acquired by. (Should such a combination occur, we will require that the new combined entity follow this privacy policy with respect to your personal information. If your personal information could be used contrary to this policy, you will receive prior notice.)
Law enforcement, government officials, or other third parties when
we are compelled to do so by a subpoena, court order or similar legal procedure;
we need to do so to comply with law; or
we believe in good faith that the disclosure of personal information is necessary to prevent physical harm or financial loss, to report suspected illegal activity, or to investigate violations of our User Agreement.
Other third parties with your consent or direction to do so.
GoldKey will not sell or rent any of your personal information to third parties in the normal course of doing business and only shares your personal information with third parties as described in this policy.
How you can change your personal information
You can review and edit your personal information at any time by logging in to your account.
Changes to this policy
We may amend this policy at any time by posting a revised version on our website. The revised version will be effective at the time we post it. We last modified this Policy on June 19, 2014.
If you have questions or concerns regarding this policy, please contact us through our website or by writing to us at CybrSecurity Corporation, Attn: Privacy Department, 401 West Grand Street, Gallatin, MO 64640.
Copyrights & Trademarks
GoldKey is a registered trademark of CybrSecurity Corporation.
All materials on this web site are Copyright © 2007-2018 CybrSecurity Corporation. All rights reserved.
Attributions
Active Directory, Microsoft, Windows Server, Windows, and the Windows logo, are registered trademarks of Microsoft Corporation. Windows Vista is a trademark of Microsoft Corporation.
Android is a trademark of Google Inc.  Google and the Google Logo are registered trademarks of Google Inc.
Mac and the Mac logo are trademarks of Apple Computer, Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries.
PC Magazine and the PC Magazine logo are trademarks of Ziff Davis, Inc. Used under license. Reprinted with permission. © 2012 Ziff Davis, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Product names, logos, brands, and other trademarks featured or referred to within the GoldKey website are the property of their respective trademark holders. These trademark holders are not affiliated with GoldKey, our products, or our website.
Terms & Conditions of Sale
Warranty
GoldKey Services Agreement