http://www.can.nl/privacy
Your partner in Finance, Mathematics and Statistics
Events
Software
About Can
CANdiensten respects the privacy of every person for whom we have personal data [“data”].
This policy summarises the information we may collect about you and how we may use that data. We primarily collect data to provide you with services you have requested, to provide services likely to meet your needs, to improve services provided to you. The policy tells you how we ensure the information we have is kept accurate and how you can request access, deletion, rectification, restriction, transfer and withdraw consent (where applicable) and make a complaint.
Privacy 1. What Information do we collect and how is this collected?
We only collect personal information if we have your permission, or we have reasonable commercial reasons for doing this, such as collecting information to process registrations or to supply you with current and future services. We will only collect the minimum amount of information we need to do these things.
We may collect some of the following data such as name, job title, company that employs you, home postcode, email address, telephone number, gender, purchasing preferences and history. Preferences in terms of our content plus various other data. This data may be collected when you order a service or product, use our websites, post content to our websites, sign up for a newsletter or subscription, on completion of a survey, questionnaire or entry to a competition, or by communication to us by email, phone and by other means.
For employees we keep personal data needed to recruit you, pay you, provide company benefits and to fulfil our legal obligations.
We do not share personal data with third parties for marketing purposes, other than with the direct consent of the individual(s) which may be withdrawn at any time.
2. Legal basis for processing data
Different legal bases are used which depend upon the purpose for processing your data.
When data is provided when purchasing a product or service under a contract with you we process your data under contract necessity with the data being needed to fulfil the contract.
When you sign up for a service access, newsletter, or event subscription we process your data under consent
Any additional processing i.e. sharing data with third parties, marketing to you on behalf of third parties is done through either consent or legitimate interest (you are provided with useful information by us in exchange for supplying your information (including personal data) and the relationship between us is balanced in your favour. You have the choice to opt out of processing under this basis).
When you pay us, or we pay you, we only keep data as long as it is necessary to comply with the law.
3. Use of personal data
We will only use personal information for the purpose it was collected. Should we ever wish to use it for another purpose we will contact you first asking you for your consent. We primarily use data to communicate with you, deliver the service you have requested, or services that might interest you (subject to your right to opt out with the details on how to do this found on each business website), to renew a subscription, improve our service, to verify your identity when taking payment or to meet legal, regulatory and compliance requirements.
Profiling – from time to time we may use some elements of the data you supply to target the messages we send you. For example, we may use your location to send you information about an event which is happening in the same country, or we may use your company type or job title to send you a relevant news story.
4. How long do we keep your data for?
Data is not kept any longer than is required for the purposes of the processing or to comply with the law. As we collect data for many different purposes there is not a single retention period for all data. We instead carefully assess the length of time to retain data according to the processing purpose and to comply with our legal obligations. When data is no longer required for the purposes of the processing it is securely removed from our systems.
5. Security & Confidentiality
CANdiensten takes commercially reasonable physical, technical and administrative measures to protect personal information from theft, misuse or accidental destruction and to keep it confidential. We aim to protect personal information but cannot provide a 100% guarantee of security. All employees who access your data are obliged to keep the information confidential and secure and not to use it for any other purpose other than that they are contracted to carry out for us.
6. Transfer of data to third parties
This website may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins and applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements. When you leave our website, we encourage you to read the privacy policy of every website you visit.
We will get your express opt-in consent before we share your personal data with any third party for marketing purposes.
We may use third party providers e.g. for web site hosting, web maintenance, email alerting, subscription fulfilment and taking payment. We share information with these third party to provide these services. We will also share data with public or regulatory authorities where required by law or to enforce our terms of service. We take reasonable commercial steps to ensure that your data is kept secure and confidential by any third party, is deleted when not needed for the purpose it was given, that their data privacy policies protect your data and that they only process your data on our instruction. We do not sell or rent your personal data, although we may transfer, sell or assign your data outside of our group to a third party if we merged, sold or reorganised.