https://www.plastic-surgery-simulator.com/en/privacy/
Toggle navigation
iPhone + iPad
Mac
Android
Windows
Community
Support
ENGLISH
BRAZIL
SPAIN
FRENCH
ITALIAN
GERMAN
JAPANESE
CHINESE
KOREAN
Personal Data collected for the following purposes and using the following services:
Analytics
Google Analytics
Personal Data: Cookies and Usage Data
Advertising
AdMob
Personal Data: Cookies and Usage Data
Contacting the User
Contact form
Personal Data: email address
Further information about Personal Data
Camera permission
When installing the application, we require the app to be able to access your 'CAMERA'. It asks for the 'CAMERA' permission. This will grant the Plastic Surgery Simulator app access to your camera. The camera can be used by the user to take picture and import them voluntarily in the app.
Pictures imported from the camera or device photo library are not accessed by us our a third party, and are NOT transmitted over the Internet to us or a third party. They are not stored on web server.
A special note about photos
The app allows user to import and modify photos from the device photo library or his camera. Those photos are NOT stored or transmitted to our company or a third party service.
About Facial and Body Manipulation Feature
Our application allows users to manipulate their facial and body features by distorting photo pixels. The manipulation is the conjunction of the user finger moving on the device surface and a passive distortion algorithm.
Our distortion algorithm does not use any machine learning or artificial intelligent algorithm and is therefore not aware of the photo content being manipulated.
Our application does not store or transmit any information about user facial and body feature, neither does it store or transmit any information about the photos being manipulated.
The Service is not directed to children under the age of 13
Users declare themselves to be adult according to their applicable legislation. Minors may use this Application only with the assistance of a parent or guardian. Under no circumstance persons under the age of 13 may use this Application.
Contact information
Data owner
Kaeria
16 Bld Saint-Germain
75005 PARIS
FRANCE
Owner contact email: contact@plastic-surgery-simulator.com
Types of Data collected
Among the types of Personal Data that this Application collects, by itself or through third parties, there are: Cookies, Usage Data and email address.
Other Personal Data collected may be described in other sections of this privacy policy or by dedicated explanation text contextually with the Data collection.
The Personal Data may be freely provided by the User, or collected automatically when using this Application.
Any use of Cookies - or of other tracking tools - by this Application or by the owners of third party services used by this Application, unless stated otherwise, serves to identify Users and remember their preferences, for the sole purpose of providing the service required by the User.
Failure to provide certain Personal Data may make it impossible for this Application to provide its services.
Users are responsible for any Personal Data of third parties obtained, published or shared through this Application and confirm that they have the third party's consent to provide the Data to the Owner.
Mode and place of processing the Data
Methods of processing
The Data Controller processes the Data of Users in a proper manner and shall take appropriate security measures to prevent unauthorized access, disclosure, modification, or unauthorized destruction of the Data.
The Data processing is carried out using computers and/or IT enabled tools, following organizational procedures and modes strictly related to the purposes indicated. In addition to the Data Controller, in some cases, the Data may be accessible to certain types of persons in charge, involved with the operation of the site (administration, sales, marketing, legal, system administration) or external parties (such as third party technical service providers, mail carriers, hosting providers, IT companies, communications agencies) appointed, if necessary, as Data Processors by the Owner. The updated list of these parties may be requested from the Data Controller at any time.
Place
The Data is processed at the Data Controller's operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved with the processing are located. For further information, please contact the Data Controller.
Retention time
The Data is kept for the time necessary to provide the service requested by the User, or stated by the purposes outlined in this document, and the User can always request that the Data Controller suspend or remove the data.
The use of the collected Data
The Data concerning the User is collected to allow the Owner to provide its services, as well as for the following purposes: Analytics, Access to third party accounts, Advertising and Contacting the User.
The Personal Data used for each purpose is outlined in the specific sections of this document.
Advertising
This type of service allows User Data to be utilized for advertising communication purposes displayed in the form of banners and other advertisements on this Application, possibly based on User interests.
This does not mean that all Personal Data are used for this purpose. Information and conditions of use are shown below.
Some of the services listed below may use Cookies to identify Users or they may use the behavioral retargeting technique, i.e. displaying ads tailored to the User’s interests and behavior, including those detected outside this Application. For more information, please check the privacy policies of the relevant services.
AdMob (AdMob Google Inc.)
AdMob is an advertising service provided by AdMob Google Inc.
Facebook Audience Network
Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.
Analytics
The services contained in this section enable the Owner to monitor and analyze web traffic and can be used to keep track of User behavior.
Google Analytics (Google Inc.)
Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google Inc. (“Google”). Google utilizes the Data collected to track and examine the use of this Application, to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Google services.
Google may use the Data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.
Additional information about Data collection and processing
Legal action
The User's Personal Data may be used for legal purposes by the Data Controller, in Court or in the stages leading to possible legal action arising from improper use of this Application or the related services.
The User declares to be aware that the Data Controller may be required to reveal personal data upon request of public authorities.
Additional information about User's Personal Data
In addition to the information contained in this privacy policy, this Application may provide the User with additional and contextual information concerning particular services or the collection and processing of Personal Data upon request.
System logs and maintenance
For operation and maintenance purposes, this Application and any third party services may collect files that record interaction with this Application (System logs) or use for this purpose other Personal Data (such as IP Address).
Information not contained in this policy
More details concerning the collection or processing of Personal Data may be requested from the Data Controller at any time. Please see the contact information at the beginning of this document.
The rights of Users
Users have the right, at any time, to know whether their Personal Data has been stored and can consult the Data Controller to learn about their contents and origin, to verify their accuracy or to ask for them to be supplemented, cancelled, updated or corrected, or for their transformation into anonymous format or to block any data held in violation of the law, as well as to oppose their treatment for any and all legitimate reasons. Requests should be sent to the Data Controller at the contact information set out above.
Changes to this privacy policy
The Data Controller reserves the right to make changes to this privacy policy at any time by giving notice to its Users on this page. It is strongly recommended to check this page often, referring to the date of the last modification listed at the bottom. If a User objects to any of the changes to the Policy, the User must cease using this Application and can request that the Data Controller remove the Personal Data. Unless stated otherwise, the then-current privacy policy applies to all Personal Data the Data Controller has about Users.
Information about this privacy policy
The Data Controller is responsible for this privacy policy, prepared starting from the modules provided by Iubenda and hosted on Iubenda's servers.
Latest update: February 04, 2017