https://www.redcort.com/contact/terms-and-conditions
Skip to content
Redcort Software, Inc. (“Redcort”) provides the information and services on its internet site (the “Site”) under the following terms and conditions. By accessing and/or using the Site, you indicate your acceptance of the following terms and conditions.Laws & RegulationsAccess to and use of this Site are subject to all applicable international, federal, state and local laws and regulations. User agrees not to use the Site in any way that violates such laws or regulations.Copyright & TrademarksThe information available on or through this Site is the property of Redcort, or its licensors, and is protected by copyright, trademark, and other intellectual property laws. Users may not modify, copy, distribute, transmit, display, publish, sell, license, create derivative works or otherwise use any information available on or through this Site for commercial or public purposes. Users may not use the trademarks, logos and service marks (“Marks”) for any purpose including, but not limited to use as “hot links” or meta tags in other pages or sites on the internet without the written permission of Redcort or such third party that may own the Mark. Questions concerning trademarks should be directed to Redcort Software, Inc. at (559) 434-8544.TamperingUser agrees not to modify, move, add to, delete or otherwise tamper with the information contained in Redcort’s website. User also agrees not to decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble or unlawfully use or reproduce any of the software, copyrighted or trademarked material, trade secrets, or other proprietary information contained in the Site.Third Party InformationAlthough Redcort monitors the information on the Site, some of the information is supplied by independent third parties. While Redcort makes every effort to insure the accuracy of all information on the Site, Redcort makes no warranty as to the accuracy of any such information.Links To Third Party SitesThis Site may contain links that will let you access other websites that are not under the control of Redcort. The links are only provided as a convenience and Redcort does not endorse any of these sites. Redcort assumes no responsibility or liability for any material that may accessed on other websites reached through this Site, nor does Redcort make any representation regarding the quality of any product or service contained at any such site.Links From Third Party SitesRedcort prohibits unauthorized links to the Site and the framing of any information contained on the site or any portion of the Site. Redcort reserves the right to disable any unauthorized links or frames. Redcort has no responsibility or liability for any material on other websites that may contain links to this Site.No WarrantiesInformation and documents provided on this Site are provided “as is” without warranty of any kind, either express or implied, including without limitation warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement. Redcort uses reasonable efforts to include accurate and up-to-date information on this Site; it does not, however, make any warranties or representations as to its accuracy or completeness. Redcort periodically adds, changes, improves, or updates the information and documents on this Site without notice. Redcort assumes no liability or responsibility for any errors or omissions in the content of this Site. Your use of this Site is at your own risk.Limitation of LiabilityUnder no circumstances shall Redcort be liable for any damages suffered by you, including any incidental, special or consequential damages (including, without limitation, any lost profits or damages for business interruption, loss of information, programs or other data) that result from access to, use of, or inability to use this site or due to any breach of security associated with the transmission of information through the internet, even if redcort was advised of the possibility of such damages.PrivacyProtecting the privacy of our clients and users of our Sites is important to Redcort. The Redcort website Privacy statement describes how we use and protect information you provide to us. View hereSecurityThe security of information transmitted through the Internet can never be guaranteed. Redcort is not responsible for any interception or interruption of any communications through the Internet or for changes to or losses of data. User is responsible for maintaining the security of any password, user ID, or other form of authentication involved in obtaining access to password protected or secure areas.Transmission of Personal DataUser acknowledges and agrees that by providing Redcort with any personal information through the Site, User consents to the transmission of such personal user information over international borders as necessary for processing in accordance with Redcort’s standard business practices and the Redcort website Privacy policy.Access to Password Protected/Secure AreasAccess to and use of password protected and/or secure area of the Site is restricted to authorized users only. Unauthorized access to such areas is prohibited and may lead to criminal prosecution.Procedure For Making Claims of Copyright InfringementPursuant to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, notices of claimed copyright infringement on the Site should be directed to us using the contact information found here.Jurisdiction/Governing LawThese terms and conditions shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, USA, and applicable federal laws without regard to conflicts of law principles. User agrees that any and all proceedings relating to this site and the subject matter contained herein shall be maintained in the courts of the state of California or the federal district courts sitting in California, which courts shall have exclusive jurisdiction for such purpose.
FREE TRIALPURCHASE(559) 434-8544SUPPORTDOWNLOAD