http://www.aimutation.com/privacy
Toggle navigation
Products
Gaddy
Speckie
Tin
Unibox
License
Pricing
FAQ
Privacy
Contact
About
Log in
Register
Privacy Policy
In Summary
Your privacy matters. We won't ask you for any information; personal or otherwise,
that is not critical to the provision of our products and services to you. Likewise,
we only store that information for the same reason.
We don't share your personal information except under certain conditions; to develop
our products and services to you, when the law compels us to, and to protect our rights.
We provide you with complete control over who accesses the information you submit to the
Versoworks service. Additionally, you can add, edit, or delete that information at any time.
Our Privacy Policy
Versoworks Pty Ltd (“Versoworks”) operates the Versoworks website and service. It is
Versoworks’ policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while
operating our service.
Information We Collect
We only collect information about you if we have a reason to do so; for example, to provide our
Services, to communicate with you, or to make our Services better. We collect information in
two ways: if and when you provide information to us and automatically through operating our
Services. Let’s go over the information that we collect.
Information You Provide to Us
It’s probably no surprise that we collect information that you provide to us. The amount and
type of information depends on the context and how we use the information. Here are some
examples:
Basic Account Information: We ask for basic information from you in order
to set up your account. For example, we require individuals who sign up for a Versoworks account
to provide a name and email address; that’s it.
Public Profile Information: If you have an account with us, we collect the
information that you provide for your profile. For example, if you have a Versoworks account,
your name is part of that profile, along with any other information you put into your
profile, such as a photo. Your profile information may be displayed in public, so please
keep that in mind when deciding what information you would like to include.
Transaction and Billing Information: If you buy something from us; a
subscription, product or license, for example, you will provide additional personal and
payment information that is required to process the transaction and your payment, such as
your name, credit card information, and contact information.
Communications With Us: You may also provide us information when you
communicate with our staff about a support question.
Information We Collect Automatically
We also collect some information automatically:
Log Information: Like most online service providers, we collect information
that web browsers, mobile devices, and servers typically make available, such as the browser
type, IP address, unique device identifiers, language preference, referring site, the date
and time of access, operating system, and mobile network information. We collect log
information when you use our Services, for example, when you create or make changes to your
info on the Versoworks service.
Usage Information: We collect information about your usage of our Services.
For example, we collect information about the actions that site administrators and users
perform on the Versoworks service; in other words, who did what, when and to what thing on a site
(e.g., [Versoworks username] logged in at [time/date]). We also collect
information about what happens when you use our Services (e.g., page views, searches,
features enabled for the service, and other parts of our Services) along with information
about your device (e.g., screen size, name of cellular network, and mobile device
manufacturer). We use this information to, for example, provide our Services to you, as
well as get insights on how people use our Services, so we can make our Services better.
Location Information: We may determine the approximate location of your
device from your IP address. We collect and use this information to, for example, calculate
how many people visit our Services from certain geographic regions. We may also collect
information about your precise location via our mobile apps (when, for example, you post a
photograph with location information) if you allow us to do so through your mobile device
operating system’s permissions.
Stored Information: We may access information stored on your mobile device
via our mobile app. We access this stored information through your device operating system’s
permissions. For example, if you give us permission to access the photographs on your mobile
device’s camera roll, our Services may access the photos stored on your device when you
upload a really amazing photograph of the sunrise to your website.
Information from Cookies & Other Technologies: A cookie is a string of
information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser
provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Pixel tags (also called web beacons)
are small blocks of code placed on websites and emails. Versoworks uses cookies and other
technologies like pixel tags to help us identify and track visitors, usage, and access
preferences for our Services, as well as track and understand email campaign effectiveness
and to possibly deliver targeted ads.
How And Why We Use Information
Purposes for Using Information
We use information about you as mentioned above and for the purposes listed below:
To provide our Services; for example, to set up and maintain your account, or bill you for
any of our paid Services.
To further develop and improve our Services; for example by adding new features that we
think our users will enjoy, or improving existing.
To monitor and analyze trends and better understand how users interact with our Services,
which helps us improve our Services and make them easier to use.
To measure, gauge, and improve the effectiveness of our advertising, and better understand
user retention and attrition; for example, we may analyze how many individuals purchased a
plan after receiving a marketing message or the features used by those who continue to use
our Services after a certain length of time.
To monitor and prevent any problems with our Services, protect the security of our Services,
detect and prevent fraudulent transactions and other illegal activities, fight spam, and
protect the rights and property of Versoworks and others, which may result in us declining
a transaction or the use of our Services.
To communicate with you, for example through an email, about offers and promotions offered
by Versoworks and others we think will be of interest to you, solicit your feedback, or keep
you up to date on Versoworks and our products.
To personalize your experience using our Services, provide content recommendations, target
our marketing messages to groups of our users; for example, those who have a particular plan
with us or have been our user for a certain length of time, and serve relevant
advertisements.
Legal Basis for Collecting and Using Information
A note here for those in the European Union about our legal grounds for processing information about
you under EU data protection laws, which is that our use of your information is based on the grounds
that:
The use is necessary in order to fulfill our commitments to you under our Terms of Service
or other agreements with you or is necessary to administer your account; for example, in
order to enable access to our website on your device or charge you for a paid service.
The use is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation.
The use is necessary in order to protect your vital interests or those of another person.
We have a legitimate interest in using your information; for example, to provide and update
our Services, to improve our Services so that we can offer you an even better user
experience, to safeguard our Services, to communicate with you, to measure, gauge, and
improve the effectiveness of our advertising, and better understand user retention and
attrition, to monitor and prevent any problems with our Services, and to personalize your
experience.
You have given us your consent; for example, before we place certain cookies on your device
and access and analyze them later on.
Sharing Information
How We Share Information
We do not sell our users’ private personal information. We share information about you in the
limited circumstances spelled out below and with appropriate safeguards on your privacy;
Subsidiaries, Employees, and Independent Contractors: We may disclose
information about you to our subsidiaries, our employees, and individuals who are our
independent contractors that need to know the information in order to help us provide our
Services or to process the information on our behalf. We require our subsidiaries,
employees, and independent contractors to follow this Privacy Policy for personal
information that we share with them.
Third Party Vendors: We may share information about you with third party
vendors who need to know information about you in order to provide their services to us,
or to provide their services to you or your site. This group includes vendors that help us
provide our Services to you (like payment providers that process your credit and debit card
information, fraud prevention services that allow us to analyze fraudulent payment
transactions, postal and email delivery services that help us stay in touch with you,
customer chat and email support services that help us communicate with you, those that
assist us with our marketing efforts (e.g. by providing tools for identifying a specific
marketing target group or improving our marketing campaigns), those that help us understand
and enhance our Services (like analytics providers). We require vendors to agree to privacy
commitments in order to share information with them.
Legal Requests: We may disclose information about you in response to a
subpoena, court order, or other governmental request.
To Protect Rights, Property, and Others: We may disclose information about
you when we believe in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the
property or rights of Versoworks, third parties, or the public at large. For example, if we
have a good faith belief that there is an imminent danger of death or serious physical
injury, we may disclose information related to the emergency without delay.
Business Transfers: In connection with any merger, sale of company assets,
or acquisition of all or a portion of our business by another company, or in the unlikely
event that Versoworks goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would
likely be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. If any of
these events were to happen, this Privacy Policy would continue to apply to your
information and the party receiving your information may continue to use your information,
but only consistent with this Privacy Policy.
With Your Consent: We may share and disclose information with your consent
or at your direction.
Aggregated or De-Identified Information: We may share information that has
been aggregated or reasonably de-identified, so that the information could not reasonably
be used to identify you. For instance, we may publish aggregate statistics about the use of
our Services and we may share a hashed version of your email address to facilitate
customized ad campaigns on other platforms.
Published Support Requests: If you send us a request, for example, via a
support email or one of our feedback mechanisms, we reserve the right to publish that
request in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other
users.
Information Shared Publicly
Information such as your name, photo and Versoworks are disclosed publicly when searching for contacts
using the Versoworks service. Please keep this in mind when deciding what you would like to share.
How Long We Keep Information
We generally discard information about you when we no longer need the information for the purposes
for which we collect and use it; which are described in the section above on How and Why We Use
Information, and we are not legally required to continue to keep it. For example, we keep the web
server logs that record information about a visitor to one of Versoworks’ websites, such as the
visitor’s IP address, browser type, and operating system, for approximately 30 days. We retain the
logs for this period of time in order to, among other things, analyze traffic to Versoworks’
websites and investigate issues if something goes wrong on one of our websites.
Security
While no online service is 100% secure, we work very hard to protect information about you against
unauthorized access, use, alteration, or destruction, and take reasonable measures to do so, such
as monitoring our Services for potential vulnerabilities and attacks.
Your Rights
If you are located in certain countries, including those that fall under the scope of the European
General Data Protection Regulation (AKA the “GDPR”), data protection laws give you rights with
respect to your personal data, subject to any exemptions provided by the law, including the rights
to:
Request access to your personal data
Request correction or deletion of your personal data
Object to our use and processing of your personal data
Request that we limit our use and processing of your personal data
Request portability of your personal data
You can usually access, correct, or delete your personal data using your account settings and tools
that we offer, but if you aren’t able to do that, or you would like to contact us about one of the
other rights, scroll down to How to Reach Us to, well, find out how to reach us. EU individuals also
have the right to make a complaint to a government supervisory authority.
Ads and Analytics Services Provided by Others
Ads appearing on any of our Services may be delivered by advertising networks. Other parties may
also provide analytics services via our Services. These ad networks and analytics providers may set
tracking technologies (like cookies) to collect information about your use of our Services and
across other websites and online services. These technologies allow these third parties to recognize
your device to compile information about you or others who use your device. This information allows
us and other companies to, among other things, analyze and track usage, determine the popularity of
certain content, and deliver advertisements that may be more targeted to your interests. Please note
this Privacy Policy only covers the collection of information by Versoworks and does not cover the
collection of information by any third party advertisers or analytics providers.
Controllers and Responsible Companies
Versoworks’ Services are worldwide. Versoworks is the controller for all of the processing
activities across all of our Services worldwide.
Versoworks Pty Ltd
PO BOX 303
Athelstone, 5076
South Australia
How to Reach Us
If you have a question about this Privacy Policy, or you would like to contact us about any of the
rights mentioned in the Your Rights section above, please
contact us.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Versoworks may change its Privacy Policy from time to
time. Versoworks encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy
Policy. If we make changes, we will notify you by revising the change log below, and, in some cases,
we may provide additional notice, such as adding a statement to our homepage, or sending you a
notification through email. Your further use of the Services after a change to our Privacy Policy
will be subject to the updated policy.
Thanks
Versoworks would like to thank Automattic Inc.,
purveyors of fine blogging services, for sharing their privacy policy.
© 2004 - 2020 Versoworks Pty Ltd. All rights reserved. ABN 22 110 657 193.
Versoworks and the Versoworks Logo are registered trademarks of Versoworks Pty Ltd.