http://www.icsa.net/terms-use
Testing ServicesAdvanced Threat Defense
Advanced Threat Defense - Email
Anti-Malware
Firewalls
Web Application Firewalls
Secure SD-WAN
Network IPS
IPSec VPN Interoperability
SSL-TLS VPN
IoT Security & Privacy
Network Attached Peripherals
Mobile Device Security Testing
Custom Testing
Certified ProductsAdvanced Threat Defense (ATD)
Advanced Threat Defense - Email
Anti-Malware
Firewalls
Web Application Firewalls
Secure SD-WAN
Network IPS
IPSec VPN
SSL-TLS VPN
IoT Security & Privacy
Network Attached Peripherals
ConCert by HIMSS™
ONC Health IT
Health ITONC Health IT
Blog
KnowledgeSpam Data Center
Multimedia
White Papers
News & EventsEvents
News
Press Releases
RSS
CompanyAbout ICSA Labs
Accreditations
Careers
Contact Us
Location and Directions
Terms of Use
1.
Scope and Application.
The following terms and conditions and ICSA Labs’ Acceptable Use Policy (“AUP”) located at www.verizonbusiness.com/terms (“Terms of Use”) apply to all visitors to or users of this website (the “Website”). By accessing or utilizing the Website, or any portion of the Website, you agree to these Terms of Use. ICSA Labs reserves the right to change these Terms of Use from time to time at its sole discretion, without notice to you, and your continued use of or access to this Website constitutes your acceptance of such revised Terms of Use. Changes will be effective immediately upon posting. In the case of any violation of these Terms of Use, in addition to all other remedies, ICSA Labs may terminate your use of this Website with or without notice.
2. Appropriate Use, Responsibility of Users, Moderation, and Indemnity by Users.
(1) Appropriate Use. You may access the Website solely to read content on the Website posted by ICSA Labs and to submit for posting permitted information and comments about cyber security-related topics for non-commercial purposes, subject to these Terms of Use.
submissions containing defamatory, inflammatory, or derogatory statements;
submissions that are off-topic;
submissions containing ICSA
Labs or third party intellectual property without permission, including, but not limited to, copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, and proprietary or confidential information ;
submissions containing personally identifiable information without permission or information the disclosure, distribution or use of which is limited or prohibited by statute, regulation or government policy; and
submissions containing information, images or discussions that are indecent, obscene or pornographic, or otherwise unlawful.
(2) Inappropriate Use. Other uses of the Website are not appropriate or permitted. Examples of inappropriate submissions include:
Note that these are examples that are provided to assist you in understanding how to use this Website, and are not an exhaustive list of all inappropriate submissions.
ICSA Labs Rights in Content, License, Trademarks. ICSA Labs reserves the right to refuse discussion, submissions, postings, or links on any topics, in its sole discretion. While you may link to content on the Website, no content on the Website may be otherwise reproduced or disseminated, in whole or in part, in any manner without the prior written consent of ICSA Labs. All submissions by you for posting on the Website in which you own the copyright or other intellectual property right shall become the sole and exclusive property of ICSA Labs and, by your submission, you irrevocably assign any and all rights you may have in such submission to ICSA Labs. All submissions submitted by you for posting on the Website in which another party owns the copyright or other intellectual property right shall be subject to a worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty free, transferable (including rights to sublicense) right and license, with respect to such submissions, to ICSA Labs to reproduce, distribute, display, perform, create derivatives works therefrom, store, transmit, remove HTML, translate, sublicense, assign, transfer, sell, or exercise all other copyright, publicity and moral rights, in any medium, including on the Website. Unauthorized reproduction or distribution of any content from this Website by you is strictly prohibited, and ICSA Labs reserves all of its rights in Website content. With respect to ICSA Labs -owned content, ICSA Labs grants you a limited, revocable, personal and nontransferable license to view that content on the Website solely for non-commercial purposes, and ICSA Labs reserves all rights and remedies it may have in connection with such content. Except as may otherwise be expressly permitted by these Terms of Use, you are not authorized to reproduce, copy, store, publicly display, transmit, modify, translate, publish, sublicense, assign, transfer, sell, create derivative works or otherwise distribute any ICSA Labs -owned content. The trademarks, logos and service marks displayed on the Website are the property of ICSA Labs or third parties, and you may not use any trademarks, logos or service marks of ICSA Labs or of third parties displayed on the Website without the prior written consent of ICSA Labs or the owner, respectively.
Public Website, No Confidential Information. This Website is available to the public. No information you consider confidential or proprietary should be submitted to this Website, and any information submitted by you to this Website shall be deemed by ICSA Labs to be non-confidential and non-proprietary. You acknowledge and agree that you are solely responsible for the content of all information you submit, link to, upload, transmit, or otherwise make available on the Website.
User Warranties, No Commercial Use. By submitting (including without limitation transmitting, uploading, or posting) any information or material to the Website, you represent, warrant, and covenant that: (i) such information or material is not confidential or proprietary information or material belonging to someone else and that you have the right to grant to ICSA Labs the rights and licenses set forth in these Terms of Use; (ii) to the extent any such material or information is copyrighted by another party, that you have the necessary rights, licenses and consents to submit such information or material in accordance with the Terms of Use; and (iii) your transmission, posting, upload, or submission of the information or material does not violate any agreements, third party rights, including intellectual property rights, or copyright, export, or other laws. You further agree not to submit advertisements or solicitations of business or make any other commercial use of this Website.
ICSA Labs Moderation. ICSA Labs may review, edit or otherwise modify all submissions (including without limitation postings, links, and/or comments) before or after they are posted to the Website (collectively, “moderate”) and ICSA Labs reserves the right to reject or remove comments, links, or postings for any reason, including but not limited to our belief that the comments violate these Terms of Use. All decisions on content posting, rejection and removal are entirely at the discretion of ICSA Labs, and ICSA Labs has no obligation to post or remove content. Any failure to remove content that violates these Terms of Use shall not be considered a waiver of ICSA Labs’ rights. Because we may moderate postings, comments, and/or links, they may not appear immediately.
Website Links.The Website may contain links to third party websites. Access to any other website linked to the Website is at the user's own risk, subject to terms of use for such other websites, and ICSA Labs is not responsible for the accuracy or reliability of any information, data, opinions, advice or statements made on these sites. ICSA Labs provides these links merely as a convenience and the inclusion of such links does not imply an endorsement.
User Indemnity in Favor of ICSA Labs. By accessing or using the Website, upon request by ICSA Labs, you agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless ICSA Labs, its affiliates and their respective employees, contractors, officers, directors, and agents from all liabilities, damages, costs, expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees and litigation costs), claims, demands, actions, and lawsuits that arise from your violations of the Terms of Use or your submissions to, postings to, comments on, links to or from, use of, or misuse of the Website, whether or not ICSA Labs assumes the defense or control of resolving any matter.
3. No ICSA Labs Viewpoints. Some of the individuals posting to the Website, including the moderators, are ICSA Labs employees. Comments or opinions expressed by ICSA Labs employees on the Website are their personal views and not necessarily those of ICSA Labs. The views expressed by outside contributors, including ICSA Labs contractors, whether in comments or in material linked from the Website, do not represent the views of ICSA Labs, its management or employees.
4. No ICSA Labs Warranties and No ICSA Labs Liability. THIS WEBSITE AND ITS CONTENT ARE MADE AVAILABLE BY ICSA Labs ON AN “AS-IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS AND WITHOUT WARRANTIES BY ICSA Labs OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WARRANTIES OF ACCURACY, NON-INFRINGEMENT, FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR MERCHANTABILITY. ICSA Labs ASSUMES NO RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY CONTENT OR YOUR USE OF THE WEBSITE AND ICSA Labs SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES, LOSSES, COSTS, EXPENSES, CLAIMS, LIABILITIES, ACTIONS, DEMANDS, OR LAWSUITS ARISING OUT OF YOUR USE OF THE WEBSITE OR SUCH CONTENT WHETHER BASED ON TORT, INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE, CONTRACT, OR OTHERWISE.
5. Changes and Termination. ICSA Labs reserves the right, at any time, to modify and discontinue, either temporarily or permanently, the Website, Terms of Use and/or any part thereof, with or without notice. You acknowledge and agree that ICSA Labs shall not be responsible or liable to you or to any third party as a result of modification or discontinuance of the Website or modification of the Terms of Use.
6. Notice of Copyright Claims. If you believe that any content posted to this Website violates your copyright under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, please provide notice to Verizon’s Copyright Agent as described in Verizon’s Copyright Policy, available at http://www.verizonbusiness.com/terms/us/copyright/
7. Governing Law. These Terms of Use shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the domestic laws of the State of New York without reference to choice of law principles.
8. Entire Agreement. These Terms of Use comprise the entire agreement between you and ICSA Labs on the subject matter of these Terms of Use and they supersede all prior or contemporaneous understandings, agreements or representations. Waiver of the Terms of Use are not enforceable against ICSA Labs unless the waiver is in writing and is signed by an authorized representative of ICSA Labs.
ICSA Labs Certified Products
Product Vendors
Select VendorA10 NetworksAcronisAhnLab Inc.Allied Telesis, Inc.Array NetworksBarracuda Networks Inc.CaradigmCerner CorporationCheck Point Software Technologies Ltd.Citrix SystemsCorepoint HealthCyberoam Technologies Pvt. Ltd. - a Sophos CompanyCyphort, Inc.ESET spol. s.r.o.ESTsecurityF5 Networks Inc.Fortinet, Inc.GajShield InfotechGoSecure, Inc.H3CHillstone NetworksiPatientCare, Inc.iS3Juniper Networks, Inc.Mako NetworksMEDfx CorporationMicrosoft CorporationMicroWorld Technologies, Inc.MimecastNextGen HealthcareO2 Security, Inc.PC CleanerPC PitstopPhysician Software SolutionsPitney BowesQuick Heal Technologies Ltd.QveraRadware Ltd.Sangfor Technologies Inc.Sequretek IT SolutionsSonicWallSophosSourcefire, Inc.TG Soft S.r.I.Trend MicroVarioSecure Inc.VMwareWatchGuard Technologies, Inc.Zebra TechnologiesZyxel Networks Corporation
Browse By Technology:
Select TechnologyAdvanced Threat Defense (ATD)Advanced Threat Defense - EmailAnti-MalwareFirewallsWeb Application FirewallsSecure SD-WANNetwork IPSIPSec VPNSSL-TLS VPNIoT Security & PrivacyNetwork Attached PeripheralsConCert by HIMSS™ONC Health IT
Search By Keyword:
Browse all Product Certifications
recent blog posts
High levels of Locky Ransomware in .7z archives during Q4 2017
more
Terms of Use  |   Privacy Policy  |   Partners
Verizon Home  |   Verizon Resource Center  |   Verizon News/Events
Copyright 2020 ICSA Labs. All Rights Reserved.