http://www.blueprintdata.com/about-blue-print/legal.php
BluePrint Data
E-mail BluePrint Data
+1-904-647-3979
HOME
PRODUCTS & SERVICES
TECHNOLOGY
SUPPORT
NEWS
ABOUT
CONTACT
Legal
terms of use
Acceptance of Terms
1. Read the BluePrint Data / Kidsnet Inc. Terms of Use ("Terms") before you accept these Terms by using the www.BluePrintData.com website or any other website maintained by BluePrint Data / Kidsnet Inc. ("website"). If you do not agree to all of the Terms, do not use this website.
2. The Terms are entered into by and between Kidsnet and you. If you currently have in effect separate agreement(s) with Kidsnet, such separate agreement(s) govern.
Disclaimer of Warranties
1. ALL INFORMATION PROVIDED BY BLUEPRINT DATA, INCLUDING ON ANY OF THE BLUEPRINT DATA WEBSITES, IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, AND USE OF SUCH INFORMATION IS AT YOUR OWN RISK. BLUEPRINT DATA DOES NOT MAKE, AND HEREBY DISCLAIMS, ANY AND ALL OTHER EXPRESS AND/OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NONINFRINGEMENT AND TITLE, AND ANY WARRANTIES ARISING FROM A COURSE OF DEALING, USAGE, OR TRADE PRACTICE.
2. IN NO EVENT WILL BLUEPRINT DATA OR KIDSNET BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR FOR ANY LOSS OF BUSINESS OR PROSPECTIVE BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES, PROFITS, SAVINGS, INFORMATION, USE OR OTHER COMMERCIAL OR ECONOMIC LOSS.
3. NO INFORMATION OBTAINED BY YOU FROM BLUEPRINT DATA, INCLUDING THE SITE AND THE SERVICES, WILL CREATE ANY WARRANTY OR CONDITION NOT EXPRESSLY STATED IN THE TERMS.
Ownership by BluePrint Data / Kidsnet Inc.
All content, including text, data, sound recordings, sound, photographs, graphics, video, or other materials ("Material") provided on this website is provided by or to BluePrint Data / Kidsnet by its respective manufacturers, authors, developers and vendors (the "Third Party Providers") and is the copyrighted work of Kidsnet and/or the Third Party Providers. Except as stated herein, none of the Material may be copied, reproduced, distributed, republished, downloaded, displayed, posted or transmitted in any form or by any means, including, but not limited to, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the prior written permission of BluePrint Data / Kidsnet or the Third Party Provider. No part of the website, including logos, graphics, sounds or images, may be reproduced or retransmitted in any way, or by any means, without the prior express written permission of BluePrint Data / Kidsnet. You also may not, without BluePrint Data or Kidsnet's prior express written permission, copy any Materials contained on this website on any other server, or use any BluePrint Data / Kidsnet Marks for any purpose. "BluePrint Data Marks" means any names, marks, brands, logos, designs, slogans, trademarks, trade dress and other designations BluePrint Data uses in connection with its products or services. With respect to BluePrint Data Marks, you are governed by the terms and conditions of the agreement(s) already entered into with BluePrint Data.
Material Submitted to BluePrint Data
Any Material provided by you in connection with this website shall be deemed to be nonproprietary and non-confidential unless otherwise explicitly stated in these Terms or in BluePrint Data Privacy Policy located at the BluePrint Data web site. BluePrint Data shall have no obligation of any kind with respect to such Material and shall be free to use or disseminate such Material on an unrestricted basis for any purpose. You acknowledge that you are responsible for the Material that you submit, and you, not BluePrint Data, have full responsibility for the Material you submit, including its legality, reliability, appropriateness, originality and copyright.
Links
This website may be linked to other websites that are not under the control of and are not maintained by BluePrint Data. BluePrint Data is not responsible for the availability or content of those sites, their advertising, products, or other materials on or available from such sites or resources. BluePrint data provides these links as a convenience, and such provision does not imply endorsement by BluePrint Data of those sites. BluePrint Data is not responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such site or resource.
Forward-Looking Statements
This website may contain forward-looking statements by BluePrint Data's management, which are based on current expectations. These forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties. As a result, actual results may differ materially from what is expected. BluePrint Data assumes no obligation to update Kidsnet' forward-looking statements.
Notices
BluePrint Data may send notices to you via either e-mail or regular mail for the purpose of advising you of any of BluePrint Data products or services, for such other purpose(s) as BluePrint Data deems appropriate.
Privacy Policy
BluePrint Data respects your desire for privacy. Our Privacy Policy can be found at the BluePrint Data web site , which may be modified by BluePrint Data from time to time at BluePrint Data's sole discretion. By using the website, you are consenting to the terms of our Privacy Policy. If we decide to change that policy, we will post the revised policy prominently on our website or otherwise bring it to your attention, so that you are always aware of what we do with your information.
Copyright Policy
BluePrint Data respects the intellectual property of others, and we ask our customers and visitors to our websites to do the same. At our discretion and in appropriate circumstances, BluePrint Data may terminate or suspend service to customers who repeatedly infringe upon the copyright, or other intellectual property rights, of others.
privacy policy statement
This is the privacy policy for the web sites of BluePrint Data / Kidsnet, Inc. including its products web sites and their usage.
Our postal address is:
1045 Sorrento Road
Jacksonville, FL 32207
USA
We can be reached via e-mail at info@blueprintdata.com or you can reach us by telephone in the United States at 1-904-647-3979
For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes no information regarding the domain or e-mail address. We collect the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail, aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit, information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations.
The information we collect may be used for internal review and is then discarded, used to improve the content of our Web page, is not shared with other organizations for commercial purposes or is used for customer service and communication purposes.
With respect to cookies: We use cookies to store visitor's preferences.
If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address, calling us at the above telephone number, or writing to us at the above address.
With respect to Ad Servers: We provide a "Smart DNS" service to assist users of some of our products find Web sites they may have misspelled or mistyped in their browser address bar (a DNS is a Domain Name Server - Domain Names are the titles of Web sites, for example the Domain Name for Kidsnet is kidsnet.com). This service may show users a web page containing ads in certain instances. Kidsnet also reserves the right to show ads to users of certain products, either in the software or on a Web page.
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will contact you before we use your data for these new purposes to notify you of the policy change and to provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses, we will post the policy changes to our Web site to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our Web site periodically.
Customers may prevent their information from being used for purposes other than those for which it was originally collected by calling us at the number provided above, e-mailing us at the above address, writing us at the above address.
Upon request, and proof of identity, we provide site visitors with access to information [including proprietary information] that we maintain about them, unique identifier information (e.g., customer number or password) that we maintain about them, transaction information (e.g., dates on which customers made purchases, amounts and types of purchases) that we maintain about them, contact information (e.g., name, address, phone number) that we maintain about them.
Consumers can access this information by e-mail us at the above address, or write to us at the above address.
Upon request we offer visitors the ability to have inaccuracies corrected in contact information, transaction information, communications that the consumer/visitor has directed to the site.
Consumers can have this information corrected by sending us e-mail at the above address, calling us at the above telephone number, writing to us at the above address.
With respect to security: We always use industry-standard encryption technologies when transferring and receiving consumer data exchanged with our site, We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above addresses or phone number, the United States Direct Marketing Association (DMA's) Committee on Ethical Business Practices, United States state or local chapters of the Better Business Bureau, the United States state or local consumer protection office, the United States Federal Trade Commission by phone at 202.FTC-HELP (202.382.4357) or electronically at the FTC Web site.
privacy statement
BluePrint Data, a manufacturer of Internet Filtering and Security Products, respects your privacy and will not give or sell any information you provide us to others. For business customers such as businesses, Internet Service Providers (ISPs), libraries, schools, etc. we may on occasion provide the primary account contact information to potential customers as a trade reference or post information you provide us such as customer testimonials.
For more detail about our Privacy Policies please select one of the links below.
For our products targeted to children and minors such as Kidsnet we fully comply with both the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) and the Federal Trade Commission COPPA Rule that implements the Act. Kidsnet and all Kidsnet products may be set to be compliant with the Children?s Internet Protection Act (CIPA). Our server based products for schools and educational intuitions (EducationNet) and our product for Libraries (LibraryNet) are set by default to be CIPA compliant and contain a button that changes all settings to be CIPA compliant.
To visit the pages of the FTC Website that address children's privacy just click on Kidz Privacy. You can also find additional about complying with COPPA at any of the following links: COPPA Law 9 (.pdf), FTC COPPA Privacy Initiative.
coppa (children's online privacy protection act) privacy statement
This is the COPPA Privacy Policy for the Web site of BluePrint Data / Kidsnet, Inc. Our privacy information applies to all the Kidsnet products (Kidsnet, EducationNet, LibraryNet, and BizNet). Our Postal address is: 2002 San Marco Blvd. Suite 201, Jacksonville, FL 32207 USA.
We can be reached via e-mail at info@kidsnet.com or info@blueprintdata.com.
Information Collected: We respect the privacy of children, and do not collect any more personal information than reasonably necessary to enable them to participate in the activities we offer at our Web site.
With respect to our online information collection practices from children under 13 years of age:
We do not collect personally identifiable information.
Please note that parents may consent to the above collection and use without necessarily consenting to the disclosure of personal information to third parties.
With respect to the collection by other organizations of personal information from children at our site, our policy is: We do not have any agreements with outside organizations to collect personal information at our site.
Use and Sharing of Information: We do not use or collect any information from children nor would we share any information we collect from children.
With respect to sharing information: We do not share children's personal information with anyone other than those who provide support for the internal operations of the Web site and our agents (e.g., contractors who provide fulfillment services or technical support to the Web site).
We have received the following commitments for security of information from third parties with whom we share personal information: All third parties with whom we share out Kidsnet technology with have agreed to maintain security and integrity of personal information and not to collect information from children under 13 years of age.
Watch Our Video
BluePrint Data - Overview
BluePrint Data - Value Statement
BluePrint Data - Overview
Latest News
30 November 2020 – BluePrint Data Exclusive US Provider of
MNTech Internet Security ProductsBluePrint Data, the leader in high quality,
OEM, integrable Internet Security and MNTech proudly announce their partnership to expand
the sales efforts for the MNTech WebHawk®, products and services in the US. » read press release
31 December 2019 – BluePrint Data Celebrates it “Perfect 2020 Vision for Internet Filtering and Security”BluePrint Data, a leader in high quality, OEM, integrable Parental Controls and Internet Filtering and a level 5-optimizing CMM organization, continues is international deployments, and coverage in 63 languages, and its revolutionizing the world with the leading Internet Filtering technologies by creating it’s “Perfect 2020 Vision for Internet Filtering and Security”. » read press release
» read all news
© 1998-2020 Blueprint Data | Legal