https://www.pctechguide.com/pctechguide-site-design-policy/the-pc-technology-guides-contributing-authors
Home
Guides
Tutorials
Articles
Reviews
Glossary
Contact
A number of authors have contributed to the PCTechGuide. If you have the skill and knowledge and would like to be considered as an author for the PC Technology Guide, take a look at the site’s submmission guideline page to find out how. We do allow for a single backlink in each article. However your article will only be published if it’s of great quality and the information provided is unique and interesting to our readers.
We reserve the right to publish and un-publish any articles you submit.
Owner – Jacob Erdei
Jacob Erdei has been the owner of pctechguide.com since 2010. His technical background and 10+ years of digital marketing experience is what made pctechguide.com one of the leading tech websites on the web.  Priding himself on honest product reviews as well as the desire to educate those on technology and how it works.  Most of the tech videos show on this site are created by Jacob. Besides running PCTG he also operates a successful digital marketing company that specializes in SEO and Paid search for small to medium size businesses.
Chief Editor -Shane Luther
Shane joined the pctechguide.com team in early 2015 and has been invaluable in producing high quality user friendly content that has taken PCTG to the next level.  His vast knowledge and experience in the IT field has greatly improved the technical guides and product reviews on PCTG.
Background to the PC Technology Guide – www.pctechguide.com
Site Design Information
Site Navigation
Search Help
PC Technology Guide Website Usage and Disclaimer
GNU Copyright License – PC Technology Guide – www.pctechguide.com
Privacy Policy – PC Technology Guide (www.pctechguide.com)
Site Statistics
Write Techology Articles For This Site
Search Engine Rankings for www.pctechguide.com
Contact Information
The PC Technology Guide’s Contributing Authors
Advert Rates for PCTechGuide
Share this:Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
Related
Dropbox has been a popular P2P sharing platform for many years. They don't announce new features as often as other applications, since they have a … [Read More...]How valuable is your data? That’s not a question that organizations or individuals have to ask themselves all that often. You might know the market … [Read More...]Quantum computers have been a subject of discussion for many years. They have probably been something that philosophers and technology pundits have … [Read More...]You don't have a cable available to transfer the photos from your cell phone to your computer? You don't feel comfortable sending them through your … [Read More...]Drupal may not be as popular as WordPress, but it is still used in over 1 million websites. The Internet might be more conducive to our needs if more … [Read More...]If this year weren’t already difficult enough, what with the pandemic and the resultant economic downturn, this is also a year during which we’re … [Read More...]
Guides
Computer Communications
Mobile Computing
PC Components
PC Data Storage
PC Input-Output
PC Multimedia
Processors (CPUs)
Recent Posts
EaseUS Data Recovery Wizard
I usually like EaseUS products. They have awesome partition programs and overall have some great products. Their Data … [Read More...]Motion picture studios want to control the home release of movies in
different
countries because cinema releases aren't simultaneous (a
movie … [Read More...]The two main determinants of colour print quality are resolution, measured in dots per inch (dpi), and the number of levels or graduations that can be … [Read More...]