https://www.knowledgecomputers.net/privacy/
HomePrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Knowledge Computers Ltd Privacy Policy
At Knowledge Computers Ltd., we know how important it is to protect consumers and businesses alike from harmful breaches and data mis-handling. The information below outlines how we handle your data on our website. At no time does Knowledge Computers Ltd, sell, share, or otherwise provide our collected data to a third party.
Forms
When you submit one of our forms, we collect the info you share so that we can correspond with you.
Your personal data will be stored in the website database and also on our internal database to assist us in providing the correspondence you are requesting.
ReCAPTCHA
We use ReCaptcha to ensure that only real people can send submissions in our website. The reCAPTCHA API works by collecting hardware and software information to perform integrity checks and sending that information to Google for analysis. This is subject to their terms, conditions and policies which can be obtained by links visible on the reCAPTCHA itself.
Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics to track visitors on this site. Google Analytics uses cookies to collect this data.
In order to be compliant with new regulations Google has included a data processing amendment.
The data we collect will be processed anonymously and “Data sharing” is disabled.
WooCommerce
We use WooCommerce to market items for sale directly on our website. When purchasing through our store, your Name, Address, Email Address and Phone Number is stored on our website and internal databases for order processing. Any payment information is handled by Paypal and subject to their Terms & Conditions.
If you have any inquires regarding this, please contact us by any means!
Thank you
Products & ServicesUsed Cisco Equipment
Network Hardware
Refurbished Servers
NEW Factory Direct Servers
Request a Quote
Submit an RMA Ticket
Contact us
Global Ewaste Solutions
Policy
Contact us CANADA: 1-800-967-6609
USA: 800-967-6607
SINGAPORE: 65 6396-7730
Hong Kong: 852-35984656
Copyright © 2018 Knowledge Computers.
Cisco © is a copyrighted and trademarked name owned by Cisco Systems ©
Other brand names mentioned are the copyrighted property of their respective owners.