https://www.ontariosystems.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Ontario Systems Website Privacy Statement
Ontario Systems Website Privacy Statement
Effective Date: 6/1/15
Ontario Systems, LLC (“Ontario,” “we,” “us”) is committed to protecting the privacy of your information, and takes the responsibility of protecting the personal and business information that you provide to us via the ONTARIOSYSTEMS.COM website (the “Site“). This Privacy Statement sets forth Ontario’s privacy practices and the possible uses of the information that it gathers via the Site (the “Privacy Statement“).
SCOPE.
This Privacy Statement applies to the Site and any subdomains to the Site, unless explicitly stated otherwise, regardless of the medium in which it is accessed (i.e. mobile, web browser). The Site may contain links to or information about other websites that are outside the control and/or custody of Ontario. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of each of those sites to obtain an understanding of how your information is used or shared by those third-parties.
INFORMATION COLLECTED.
Personal Information. You may submit your first name, last name, address, email address, and other identifiable information (collectively, “Personal Information”) through the Site in various ways, such as, for example, by signing up to our mailing list, posting to the blog, using the Contact page, or otherwise.
ANALYTICS.
Ontario also may collect information through the use of common information-gathering tools such as web beacons, cookies, Javascript web analytics, and otherwise (“Analytics Information”). A cookie is a small string of text that a website can send to your browser which helps the Site remember and customize your visit. You have the option to delete or decline cookies by changing your browser’s settings. No personally identifiable information is stored in these cookies. Ontario may also collect information from your interaction with the Site, such as statistics in connection with page views, IP address, and standard web log information.
Children Under 13. Ontario does not market to and does not knowingly collect any Personal Information from or about a child under the age of 13 without the consent of the child’s parent or legal guardian. If we discover that we have inadvertently collected information from a child under 13 years of age, we will promptly take all reasonable measures to delete that data from our systems.
USE OF INFORMATION COLLECTED.
Direct Marketing. We may use Personal Information to generate and send marketing communications to you directly for services and products we offer. If you do not wish to receive marketing communications from Ontario, you may unsubscribe in the marketing email or communication sent to you by following the instructions in that communication.
C\315967.1
Improving Your Experience. We track your visits to our Site through the use of Analytics Information and identify you upon subsequent visits to improve your experience while browsing the Site.
Information Sharing. We may disclose your Personal Information to our affiliates, as well as third party partners as follows below:
(a)  Law Enforcement. Your information may be shared with law enforcement officials if it relates to a criminal investigation or alleged illegal activity;
(b)  Necessary or for Safety Reasons. Ontario may also disclose your information if required or permitted to do so by law, for fraud protection and credit risk reduction purposes, or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to protect and defend the rights or property of Ontario or the users of the Site, to act under urgent circumstances to protect the safety of Ontario or its employees or a member of the public, or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process.
(c)  Sale or Acquisition of Assets. If Ontario becomes involved in a transaction involving the sale of its assets, such as a merger or acquisition, or if Ontario is transferred to another company, Ontario may disclose and/or transfer your information as part of the transaction. If the surviving entity in that transaction is not Ontario, the surviving entity may use your information pursuant to their own privacy policies, and those policies may be different from this Privacy Statement.
(d)  General Marketing. We may transfer information to third parties whose practices are not covered here if such third parties wish to market products or services to you.
PROTECTION OF YOUR INFORMATION.
Unfortunately, no data transmitted over or accessible through the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while Ontario attempts to protect all Personal Information, Ontario cannot ensure or warrant that Personal Information will be completely secure from misappropriation by hackers or from other nefarious or criminal activities, or in the event of a failure of computer hardware, software, or a telecommunications network. Ontario will notify you in the event we become aware of a security breach involving your personally identifiable information (as defined by the applicable state and federal laws) stored by or for us. By disclosing your email address to us for any reason, you expressly consent to receive electronic notice from us in the event of such a security breach.
THIRD PARTY LINKS.
The Site may contain links to websites not affiliated with Ontario. Your use of an external website or any informational content found on an external websites is subject to and governed by the terms and guidelines of those website(s). Ontario does not endorse or make any representations or warranties concerning, and will not in any way be liable for, any informational
content, products, services, software, or other materials available on an external website, even if one or more pages of the external website are framed within a page of this Site. Ontario is not responsible for the privacy practices of any external website.
MODIFICATIONS.
This policy was last modified at the date first printed above. Ontario reserves the right to update this Privacy Statement from time to time, and you should check this page periodically for changes.
CONTACTING US
If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Statement, you may contact us using the information below.
Ontario Systems, LLC
1150 W. Kilgore Ave.
Muncie, IN 47305
Contact us: https://www.ontariosystems.com/contact/