http://www.simsol.com/privacy-policy/
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
YouTube
1-800-447-4676
MySimsol Login
Simsol's Privacy Policy
Simsol is committed to protecting your privacy; please read the Simsol Software Privacy Policy for Data Collection and Usage. This Simsol Privacy Policy Statement applies to data collection and usage on Simsol sites, products, and services. This privacy policy does not apply to information that we may collect from you by other means (including offline) or from other sources. Your use of this Site constitutes your acceptance of all of the terms and conditions contained in this Privacy Policy and your consent to any action we take concerning your information that complies with this Privacy Policy.
Collection of your Personal Information
At some sites, Simsol collects personal information, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address or telephone number. Simsol may also collect demographic information, such as your ZIP code. Information collected by Simsol may be combined with information obtained from other Simultaneous Solutions services and other companies. If you choose to sign up for a paid subscription service, we may collect additional personal information, including your credit card number, expiration date, and billing address, in order to create a Simultaneous Solutions billing account. Some Simsol services, such as Simsol forums, request that you create a social nickname, which is the name you will be known by to others in those public places. You may select a different social nickname at any time. You can also choose to create an optional public profile, containing information about yourself. Any information you choose to enter in your public profile will be visible to other users of Simsol sites and services. Please keep in mind that if you disclose personal information through Simsol public online forums, this information may be collected and used by others. Simsol cautions you against providing personal information to strangers online, which they may use for illegal or harmful purposes. Simsol keeps track of the pages our customers visit within Simsol, in order to determine what Simsol sites and services are the most popular. Simsol also collects certain information about your computer hardware and software. This information may include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring Web site addresses. Certain Simsol services may be co-branded and offered in conjunction with another company. If you register for or use such services, both Simsol and the other company may receive information collected in conjunction with the co-branded services.
Use of your Personal Information
Simsol and its operational service partners collect and use your personal information to operate Simsol and deliver the services you have requested. These services may include the display of customized content and advertising based upon the information Simsol has collected. Simsol does not use or disclose sensitive personal information without your explicit consent. Simsol also uses your personal information to inform you of other products or services available from Simultaneous Solutions and its affiliates. Simsol may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered. Simsol does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. Simsol may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your personal information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party. We occasionally hire other companies to provide limited services on our behalf, such as handling the processing and delivery of mailings, providing customer support, processing transactions, or performing statistical analysis of our services. We will only provide those companies the personal information they need to deliver the service. They are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information and are prohibited from using that information for any other purpose. Simsol may access and/or disclose your personal information if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Simultaneous Solutions or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Simultaneous Solutions, including its Simsol family of Web sites; or (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Simsol services or members of the public.
Control of your Personal Information
There are some Simsol services that send out periodic e-mails informing you of technical service issues, product surveys, new feature announcements and news about Simsol products and services. You will not be able to unsubscribe to these mailings, as they are considered a part of the service you have chosen. Each Simsol newsletter you receive will have instructions on how to unsubscribe prominently mentioned in it.
Security of your Personal Information
Simsol is committed to protecting the security of your personal information. We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. For example, we store the personal information you provide on computer systems with limited access, which are located in controlled facilities. When we transmit highly confidential information (such as a credit card number) over the Internet, we protect it through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
Use of Cookies
Simsol uses “cookies” to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you. One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. For example, if you personalize Simsol ‘s pages, or register with Simsol sites or services, a cookie helps Simsol to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, preferred email address, and so on. When you return to Simsol, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can efficiently use the Simsol features that you customized. You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Simsol services or Web sites you visit.
Use of Third Party Ad Networks
The majority of the online banner advertisements you see on Simsol Web pages are displayed by Simsol. In addition, Simsol allows other companies, called third-party ad servers or ad networks, to display advertisements on Simsol Web pages. Some of these ad networks may place a persistent cookie on your computer. Doing this allows the ad network to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement. In this way, ad networks may compile information about where you, or others who are using your computer, saw their advertisements and determine which ads are clicked on. This information allows an ad network to deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. Simultaneous Solutions does not have access to or control of the cookies that may be placed by the third-party ad servers or ad networks.
Simdrive Data Back-up Utility and Google Drive [New]
Simsol’s Simdrive Utility is a Windows App that runs locally on your machine. Simdrive creates a new Simdrive folder on the Google Drive Account that it is granted access to. Once created, Simdrive will only use the generated folder to store backed-up Simsol claim files and override changes made to said backed-up Simsol claim files. Simdrive will only access and make changes to files created by Simdrive in the Google Drive account for backup or restore purposes. Simdrive will not access other folders or files on your Google Drive account. Simdrive will not store, use, or share Google user’s personal data. Simdrive will not send Google user’s data to Simsol’s servers or any other servers.
Changes to this Statement
Simsol will occasionally update this Privacy Policy Statement to reflect company and customer feedback. When Simsol posts changes to this Statement, you will see the word “updated” or “new” next to the Privacy Policy Statement that has been changed. Simsol encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how Simultaneous Solutions is protecting your information.
Links
This Site contains content, services, advertising and other materials that link to Web sites operated by third parties. We have no control over those other sites, and this Privacy Policy does not apply to them. We encourage you to refer to the privacy policies, if any, of those sites.
Contact Information
Simsol welcomes your comments regarding this Privacy Policy Statement. If you believe that Simsol has not adhered to this Statement, please contact Simsol by telephone, e-mail, or postal mail.
Attn: Privacy Policy Statement Simultaneous Solutions Inc. 11315 Corporate Blvd. Suite 219 Orlando, FL 32817 407.384.8818 info@simsol.com
View our Terms and Conditions