http://www.sonomapartners.com/en_gl/news/2020/01/ey-crosses-milestone-to-help-clients-deploy-sap-on-microsoft-azure-with-strategy-and-solution-initiatives
Skip to the content
EY Homepage
Search
Close search
See all results in Search Page
No results have been found
Recent searches
(container)
See all results for
Topics
General
People
Trending
Will your digital investment strategy go from virtual to reality?
2 Dec 2020
Digital
What elevated levels of political risk mean for business in 2021
9 Dec 2020
Geostrategy
Are you running an analogue supply chain for a digital economy?
23 Nov 2020
Supply chain
Who we are
What we do
What we think
Work with us
Our locations
COVID-19
Select your location
Change
No search results have been found
Local sites
Connect with us
My EY log in
Welcome to EY Global (EN)
You are visiting EY Global (EN)
Press release
14 Jan 2020
London, GB
EY crosses milestone to help clients deploy SAP on Microsoft Azure with strategy and solution initiatives
LONDON, 14 JANUARY 2020. More large enterprises seek to accelerate innovation and increase agility across their business by migrating their mission-critical SAP-based processes to the cloud.
Press contact
Barbara Burgess
Barbara Burgess
EY Global Consulting Media Relations and Social Media Associate Director
Media relations and social media leader. Enjoys outdoor activities, culinary arts and music.
email
LinkedIn
Twitter
Related topics
Technology
Strategy
Link copied
EY framework addresses customers’ enterprise technology and strategy for long-term value from transformation
EY digital delivery platform offers up to 70% savings in migrations
More large enterprises seek to accelerate innovation and increase agility across their business by migrating their mission-critical SAP-based processes to the cloud.
Aligned with this trend, EY announces it has crossed a milestone in offering the strategy, architecture, and technology consulting services that organizations need to help them quickly and efficiently transform their business by migrating their SAP® processes to Microsoft Azure, where they can achieve faster time-to-market while capturing the economic value of the cloud.
For more than two years, EY has invested in research, development, and expertise embedded into a digital delivery platform, called EY Orchestration of Cloud Architecture (ORCA). This managed service capability combines EY architectures with SAP and Azure leading practices into an outcome-oriented approach.
This offering has recently surpassed a milestone of 200 deployed SAP Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) and data management systems, while demonstrating project savings of 30-70%, compared with systems implemented without ORCA. The EY delivery platform is
designed to help address enterprise needs for increased power, storage, and connectivity, while applying automation to deliver economically optimized elasticity. This milestone complements the recent announcement of Microsoft’s and SAP’s enhanced collaboration as part of the Embrace program.
Providing business transformation for agricultural company
EY is delivering an end-to-end SAP S/4HANA-centric global business transformation – powered entirely on Azure – for a large enterprise in the agricultural industry. EY teams are working in a seamless process with corporate infrastructure, operations and security teams to meet scalability and resilience requirements. At the same time, the EY automation toolset has delivered systems just-in-time throughout the lifecycle, capturing cost savings along the way.
Michael Casey, EY Global SAP Chief Technology Officer, says:
“We are excited about the increased collaboration between EY, SAP and Microsoft under the Embrace initiative, because it will accelerate innovation and transformation for our customers. EY is proud to be a member of the initial group of systems integrators adopting Embrace, having worked with Microsoft and SAP on Azure for several years, delivering some of the largest SAP S/4HANA® and SAP HANA® systems and landscapes in use by customers.”
Tim Fuller, EY Global Leader, SAP alliance, says:
“Our collaboration with SAP and Microsoft is validating the EY strategy and perspective that SAP on Microsoft Azure has a tremendous potential to accelerate innovation as part of customers’ transformation journeys. Looking further ahead, we see tremendous progress in custom development and integration through the ‘platform-as-as-service’ enablement of SAP Cloud Platform services on Azure. This will simplify and expedite access to content for customers and partners and help speed and enhance application integration, which is in tremendous demand by customers.”
With a proven track record of delivery in this space, the EY Global Innovation Factory has some of the deepest experience in the world on clients’ cloud infrastructure and architecture
and has launched more than 13 certified solutions in customer, supply chain, finance and work force management on SAP Cloud Platform. With additional solutions under
development, EY continues to invest in creating next-generation SAP solution extensions. As recognition of this innovation, EY won the 2019 SAP Pinnacle Award for both the ISV Partner of the Year (Technology Innovation category) and the Strategic Growth Partner of the Year.
In addition, the EY Global SAP Innovation Factory is focused on providing leading-edge innovations and has developed a pipeline of solutions to both make an impact and add value for SAP customers.
Benefits from EY strategic alliances with SAP and Microsoft
Girish Bablani, Corporate Vice President of Azure Compute at Microsoft, says:
“It’s become even more critical for companies to quickly build and deploy applications, flexibly manage IT services, and support real-time analytics for all forms of data – and a cloud platform is today’s best option. We look forward to collaborating with EY in migrating SAP solutions to Microsoft Azure, and helping large enterprises focus on and achieve their business outcomes, enabling them to become intelligent.”
EY has been named a leader in Worldwide SAP Implementation Services by IDC and was rated highly in terms of its employee management strategy and pricing model strategy.
In addition, EY offers the EY Intelligent Move Solution for use with SAP S/4 HANA. The EY Intelligent Move Solution allows businesses that use SAP solutions to migrate to SAP S/4HANA in less time and use fewer resources, which helps minimize interruption to the business. AI is used throughout the EY Intelligent Move Solution for use with SAP S/4HANA, including the data migration work stream, thus reducing the cycle time and resources required.
-ends-
Notes to Editors
About EY
EY is a global leader in assurance, tax, transaction and advisory services. The insights and quality services we deliver help build trust and confidence in the capital markets and in economies the world over. We develop outstanding leaders who team to deliver on our promises to all our stakeholders. In so doing, we play a critical role in building a better working world for our people, for our clients and for our communities.
EY refers to the global organization, and may refer to one or more, of the member firms of Ernst & Young Global Limited, each of which is a separate legal entity. Ernst & Young Global Limited, a UK company limited by guarantee, does not provide services to clients. Information about how EY collects and uses personal data and a description of the rights individuals have under data protection legislation is available via ey.com/privacy. For more information about our organization, please visit ey.com.
This news release has been issued by EYGM Limited, a member of the global EY organization that also does not provide any services to clients.
About SAP
Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to SAP are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. SAP undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. The factors that could affect SAP's future financial results are discussed more fully in SAP's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"), including SAP's most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. © 2019 SAP SE. All rights reserved.
SAP and other SAP products and services mentioned herein as well as their respective logos are trademarks or registered trademarks of SAP SE in Germany and other countries. Please see https://www.sap.com/copyright for additional trademark information and notices.
Related news
Show more
Show less
Previous
Next
Connect with us
Our locations
My EY
Site map
Legal and privacy
EY refers to the global organization, and may refer to one or more, of the member firms of Ernst & Young Global Limited, each of which is a separate legal entity. Ernst & Young Global Limited, a UK company limited by guarantee, does not provide services to clients.
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
YouTube
EY | Assurance | Consulting | Strategy and Transactions | Tax
About EY
EY is a global leader in assurance, consulting, strategy and transactions, and tax services. The insights and quality services we deliver help build trust and confidence in the capital markets and in economies the world over. We develop outstanding leaders who team to deliver on our promises to all of our stakeholders. In so doing, we play a critical role in building a better working world for our people, for our clients and for our communities.
EY refers to the global organization, and may refer to one or more, of the member firms of Ernst & Young Global Limited, each of which is a separate legal entity. Ernst & Young Global Limited, a UK company limited by guarantee, does not provide services to clients. For more information about our organization, please visit ey.com.
© 2020 EYGM Limited. All Rights Reserved.
EYG/OC/FEA no.
ED MMYY
This material has been prepared for general informational purposes only and is not intended to be relied upon as accounting, tax, or other professional advice. Please refer to your advisors for specific advice.
Welcome to EY.com
In addition to cookies that are strictly necessary to operate this website, we use the following types of cookies to improve your experience and our services: Functional cookies to enhance your experience (e.g. remember settings), Performance cookies to measure the website's performance and improve your experience, Advertising/Targeting cookies, which are set by third parties with whom we execute advertising campaigns and allow us to provide you with advertisements relevant to you,  Social media cookies, which allow you to share the content on this website on social media like Facebook and Twitter.
You may withdraw your consent to cookies at any time once you have entered the website through a link in the privacy policy, which you can find at the bottom of each page on the website.
Review our cookie policy for more information.
Customize cookies
I decline optional cookies
I accept all cookies