http://www.blogwidow.com/privacy.shtml
BlogWidow.com
Home
Articles
Blog Hosting
Blogging Tips
Blogging Tools
Video
Submit Articles
Privacy Policy
blogwidow.com has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy.
The following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for blogwidow.com.
Information Automatically Logged
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our Web site. Your IP address is also used to gather broad demographic information.
Cookies
Our Site uses cookies to keep track of your shopping cart, and to make sure you don’t see the same ad repeatedly. We also use cookies to deliver content specific to your interests, to save your password so you don’t have to re-enter it each time you visit our site.
Advertisers
We use an outside ad company to display ads on our site. These ads may contain cookies. While we use cookies in other parts of our Web site, cookies received with banner ads are collected by our ad company, and we do not have access to this information.
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp
We allow third-party companies to serve ads and/or collect certain anonymous information when you visit our web site. These companies may use non-personally identifiable information (e.g., click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over) during your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you. These companies typically use a cookie or third party web beacon to collect this information. To learn more about this behavioral advertising practice or to opt-out of this type of advertising, you can visit networkadvertising.org.
We partner with ValueClick to serve ads and/or collect certain information when you visit our website. ValueClick may use cookies or web beacons to collect non-personally identifiable information during your visit to this website in order to help show advertisements on other websites likely to be more interesting to you. To learn more about this “behavioral advertising” practice or to opt-out of this use of your anonymous information, you can visit http://www.valueclickmedia.com/member_privacy.shtml
Registration Forms
Our site’s registration form requires users to give us contact information (like their name, email, and postal address) and demographic information (like their zip code, age, or income level).
Contact information from the registration forms is used to send information about our company, and to send promotional material from some of our partners to our customers. The customer’s contact information is also used to get in touch with the customer when necessary.
Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below.
Demographic and profile data is also collected at our site.
We use this data to tailor our visitor’s experience at our site showing them content that we think they might be interested in, and displaying the content according to their preferences.
Order Forms
Our site may, in some cases, use an order form for customers to request information, products, and services. We collect contact information (like their email address), and financial information (like their account or credit card numbers).
Contact information from the order forms is used to ship purchases, information about our company, and to send promotional material from some of our partners to our customers. The customer’s contact information is also used to get in touch with the visitor when necessary.
Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below.
Financial information that is collected is used to check the users’ qualifications for registration, to bill the user for products and services.
Surveys
We will occassionally run surveys where user information is collected.
Our online surveys ask visitors for contact information (like email address) and demographic information (like zip code, age, or income level).
Contact information from the surveys is used to ship purchases, information about our company. The customer’s contact information is also used to send promotional material from some of our partners to our customers, and to get in touch with the visitor when necessary.
Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below.
Unique identifiers (such as social security numbers) are collected from Web site visitors to verify the user’s identity, for use as account numbers in our record system.
Demographic and profile data is also collected at our site.
We use this data to tailor our visitor’s experience at our site showing them content that we think they might be interested in, and displaying the content according to their preferences.
Contests
We may, on certain occassions, run contests on our site in which we ask visitors for contact information (like email address).
Contact information from the contests is used to ship purchases, information about our company, and to send promotional material from some of our partners to our customers. The customer’s contact information is also used to get in touch with the visitor when necessary.
Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below.
External Links
This site contains links to other sites.
blogwidow.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control. These security measures include password protected directories through the use of .htaccess files and customized cgi programs to prevent access to specific areas of the web site.
Children’s Guidelines
We care about children and understand that they have special privacy needs.
Therefore, we have adopted the following privacy policy regarding children:
We will NOT collect, use, or distribute to third parties personally identifiable information without prior verifiable parental consent.
We will NOT give the child access to unmonitored chat rooms, message boards, email accounts, or other services that would give the child the ability to publicly post or otherwise distribute personally identifiable information without prior verifiable parental consent
When verifiable parental consent is not obtained, we will only use the online contact information (such as email) to:
Respond directly to the child’s request on a one-time basis and not use that information to re-contact the child for other purposes.
Request the name or online contact information of a parent for the purpose of obtaining verifiable parental consent or providing parental notification.
Respond more than once directly to a specific request from a child (such as in the case where a child requests a newsletter subscription) and not used to re-contact the child for other purposes.
We will use our best efforts to provide parental notification, which will include the nature and intended use as well as an opportunity for the parent to prevent the use of the information and participation in the activity.
We will NOT entice the child to divulge more information than is needed to participate in any activity, game, or service.
We will provide the parent a description of the specific types of a personally identifiable information collected from their child upon request.
We will allow the parent to refuse further use or future online collection of personally identifiable information and provide a way for a parent to obtain any personally identifiable information collected from their child.
We will provide notice to children in age appropriate terms of what personally identifiable information is to be collected.
We will NOT provide any links to Web sites that are unsuitable for children.
We will encourage children to get their parent’s permission before sharing personal information online.
Choice/Opt-Out
Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving promotional/marketing information from our partners, and us.
You can send email to blogwidow.com by using the contact form.
Data Quality/Access
This site gives users the following options for changing and modifying information previously provided:
You can send email to blogwidow.com by using the contact form.
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact blogwidow.com by using the contact form.
More Blogging Tips
Search Engine Optimization For Blogs
5 Expert Blogging Tips For Beginners
Useful Blogging Tips
24 Tips and Strategies on How Everyone Can Blog Right and Get Everybody to Read
How To Build Traffic To Your Blog
More Articles
Seen a Negative Blog About You? ReputationDefender Can Help
Buying a High Quality Combiner
Importance Of Customer Retention
Tackling the Problem of Unmotivated Employees
Data Centers’ Evolving Challenges and Solutions
Site Navigation
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Home
Links
Free Magazines
NewsCuts.com
Stock Photos
Web Hosting
BlogWidow.com is owned and operated by Icthus.Net Communications.
Copyright © 2004-2020 - Icthus.Net Communications - All Rights Reserved.
Using modified version of Blue Weed by Blog Oh! Blog