https://www.eugenebarnes.com/privacy.php
Pro Package
Basic Package
Add Features
Domain Names
EB WebTips
Contact
Technical Support
Home » Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
As both provider and user of Internet services, I am concerned about privacy. This policy outlines how I gather and use client information in the course of doing business.
I collect certain information from clients for billing and administrative functions. I will not sell, share, or rent this information except as described below.
Order and Request Forms
Forms used on this web site are for the purpose of processing orders and requests and to facilitate communication. Contact information and financial information (such as credit card numbers) are used for billing and filling orders. Contact information may also be used to contact a client in the event of a problem.
Domain Name Registration
Contact information given to register a domain name is considered public and is made available on the Internet via "whois" web sites.
Financial information such as credit card numbers is not made public.
Credit Card Information
Credit cards transactions are processed by third-party services. I do not directly collect or store credit card numbers. I use only third party services who's privacy policies adhere to the spirit and letter of this policy.
Cookies
This web site may from time to time use cookies for the purpose of enhancing certain features for return visitors. A cookie is a piece of text data stored on a user's hard drive which can only be used by the website that downloaded it. Information stored in cookies is not shared or sold to others.
Security
Security measures are in place to protect against loss, alteration, or misuse of data collected. Clients are responsible for guarding their accounts by using adequately secure passwords and by not disclosing or making available passwords to unauthorized persons, either deliberately or unintentionally.
Suspected incidents of unauthorized use of a client account should be reported immediately to support@eugenebarnes.com for attention.
Client information is only accessed by myself or my authorized agents for the purpose of carrying out client requests and other support tasks.
Outside Links
This site contains links to resources outside the eugenebarnes.com web site. I am not responsible for the content of those sites.
Some services are provided by special arrangement with third-party providers. I am not responsible for the content or privacy policies of these providers' sites. You are encouraged to read these providers' own privacy policies.
Email and Mailing Lists
Contact information may be used to communicate with clients via email or other means. I will use this contact information for the purpose of informing clients about service and support issues.
From time to time I may also email information about other services I offer. You may "opt out" of any non-support email by contacting me and requesting such.
Because email is the main method of communication between myself and clients, you will continue to receive support related emails from me as long as you remain a client.
I will never sell a client mailing list. I will share mailing lists with authorized agents and third-party providers only for the express purpose of carrying out tasks related to serving you as a client.
Authorized Agents and Third-Party Providers
I use the services of other providers to assist in my business. Information is shared with these providers solely for the purpose of carrying out administrative and service functions.
I use only third party services who's privacy policies adhere to the general spirit of this policy.
Notification of Changes
If there are changes to this privacy statement, I will post them on this page.
Send questions regarding this privacy policy via my contact form.
Contact Info | Privacy | Acceptable Use Policy | Site Map
© 2002–2020 Eugene Barnes
Providing small business website design and hosting services to the USA from Columbus, Ohio.
Prices, descriptions, and specifications are subject to change without notice.