https://www.groundcontrol.com/privacy.htm
Sales@GroundControl.com | U.S. -
800.773.7168 | International +1.805.783.4600
Products
Service Areas
Global Service Map
Africa
America - U.S.
Asia
Australia - South Pacific
Canada
Caribbean
Central America
Europe
International Waters
Middle East
Puerto Rico
South America
Fixed Dish
Fixed Satellite Equipment
Fixed Satellite Dishes
Fixed Dish Accessories
Fixed Motorized Dish
M2M Satellite Equipment
SCADA-SAT
Service Plans - Global Map
iDirect - Satellite Services
Service Plans - Global Map
Phone Service - VoIP over Satellite
Red Phone - Emergency Phone
M2M - Remote Ethernet Ports
SCADASat
IP Video Streaming
Occasional Use CIR
Satellite Networking Services
VSAT Installation Service
VSAT Installation Training
Mobile
Mobile Satellite Internet
Service Plans - Global Map
All Mobile VSAT Dishes
Mobile Dish Main Page
TOUGHSAT XP .98 and 1.2m
TOUGHSAT FLYAWAY
TOUGHSAT T-100 Trailer
KYMETA Flat-Panel Antenna
AVL Mobile Satellite Series
Mobile Photo Gallery
Emergency Vehicle Gallery
Flyaway Case-Based VSAT
Trailers & Specialty Vehicles
In-Motion Vehicle Internet
Flat-Panel Satellite Antenna
Phone Service -VoIP Over Satellite
Red Phone - Emergency Phone
Satcom-On-The-Move SOTM
Occasional Use CIR
Auto-Deploy Antennas
Satellite Networking Services
Mobile Installation Services
Portable
Portable Satellite Internet
MCD-MissionLink
Satellite Phones
Satellite Phone Main Page
Iridium Extreme 9575
Iridium PTT Push-To-Talk
Iridium
9555
Iridium GO
IsatHub
IsatPhone 2
IsatPhone Link
FleetPhone (marine)
BGAN Portable Terminals
BGAN Main Page
All BGAN Terminals
BGAN Service Plans
BGAN M2M Service
BGAN HDR Service
BGAN Coverage Map
BGAN FAQ
In-Motion Vehicle Internet
Portable Ready Cases
Case Based VSAT Dish
Iridium PTT Push-To-Talk
Iridium Certus
Iridium Tracking - RockSTAR
Thales MissionLink Terminal
IsatHub Service
MCD-Voyager WiFi Hotspot
MCD-LINE
MCD-4800 Football
MCD-4801 Football
MCD-Cradlepoint
MCD-MP77 Manpack
MCD-MissionLINK
MCD-Voyager WiFi Hotspot
BGAN
BGAN Main Page
All BGAN Terminals
ALL BGAN TERMINALS
BGAN Ready Cases
Explorer 300
Explorer 323
Explorer 510
Explorer 540
Explorer 710
Explorer 727
Hughes 9202
Hughes 9202M
Hughes 9211
Hughes 9450 Series
Hughes 9502
IsatHub-iSavi
Low-Profile BGAN
MCD-4800 Football Case
MCD-4801 Football
Wideye Sabre Ranger
Wideye Ranger M2M
BGAN Service Plans
Standard BGAN Service
BGAN Unlimited Service
BGAN Emergency Responder
BGAN M2M Service
BGAN Standard +
BGAN MAX - Africa
BGAN Link
BGAN Multi-SIM Pools
BGAN Voucher Units
BGAN Streaming Bundles
BGAN HDR Streaming
BGAN SCAP Pools
IsatHub Service
BGAN Coverage Map
BGAN Rentals
BGAN Rentals Main Page
Explorer 300 BGAN Rental
Explorer 500 BGAN Rental
Explorer 510 BGAN Rental
Explorer 710 BGAN Rental
Hughes 9202 BGAN Rental
Hughes 9211 BGAN Rental
Hughes 9450 BGAN Rental
Hughes 9502 BGAN Rental
IsatHub iSavi BGAN Rental
MCD-4800 Rental
BGAN Ready Cases
MCD-4800 BGAN
BGAN FAQ
BGAN Photo Gallary
BGAN Firmware
BGAN Security Firewall
Optimize For BGAN Use
BGAN Portal - RTM
In-Motion BGAN
M2M
Remote Device Control
SCADA/M2M Overview
SCADASAT
VSAT M2M
BGAN M2M Service
BGAN M2M Security
BGAN M2M Firewall
Hughes 9502 BGAN
Global Coverage Area
Services & Airtime
Hughes 9450 M2M In-Motion
Global Coverage Area
Services & Airtime
BGAN Link - High Usage
Remote BGAN Management
Solutions
Public Safety
Mobile Command Center
Government
Oil & Gas
Utilities
Recloser Control
Maritime
Business On-Demand
M2M - Remote Ethernet Ports
Education
Consulting Services
Phone Service
Dedicated Services
FirstNet
Support
Contact Support
User Logins Portal
Satellite Tools
Fixed Installation
Mobile Installation
Installation Training
Glossary of Terms
Product Support
Fixed Systems
Mobile Systems
BGAN
IsatPhone Pro
Fleet Broadband
Email
Galileo
HughesNet
Datastorm
Contact Us
Contact Us
About Us
Some Of Our Clients
News Headlines
Employment
CEO's Letter
Ground Control BLOG
Become a Partner
Product Highlights
Press Releases
Case Studies
News Archive
Marketing Materials
GROUND CONTROL PRIVACY POLICY
GROUND CONTROL
ONLINE PRIVACY POLICY
Ground Control is committed
to protecting your privacy. This privacy statement
explains data
collection and use practices of the Groundcontrol.com
site (the “Site”). By accessing the
Site, you are consenting to the information collection
and use practices described in this privacy statement.
Collection Of Your Personal Information
We will ask you when we need information that personally identifies
you (personal information) or allows us to contact you to provide
a service or carry out a transaction that you have requested such
as receiving information about Ground Control products, installation
and services, signing up for an event or training, or when purchasing,
downloading and/or registering Ground Control products and services.
The personal information we collect may include your name, customer
identification number, title, company or organization name, work
e-mail, work phone, fax number, work or home address, web address,
information about your job function, information about your company,
shirt size, credit card information and, if accessing your Ground
Control email address, your password. The Site may collect certain
information about your visit, such as the name of the Internet service
provider and the Internet Protocol (IP) address through which you
access the Internet, the date and time you access the Site, the pages
that you access while at the Site, and the Internet address of the
Web site from which you linked directly to our site. This information
is used to help improve the site, analyze trends and administer the
site. We may also collect information about your hardware and software
in order to provide a requested service. If you decide to use tools
made available on our Site, we may also collect and provide to you
information about your upload and download speed and bandwidth.
Use Of Your Personal Information
The personal information collected on this Site will be used to operate
the Site and to provide the service(s) or carry out the transaction(s)
you have requested or authorized. This may include
transfer of your personal information to Ground Control's third-party
service providers to help us deliver, install and service products,
information, and services. Ground Control may also use personal information
to provide you with more effective customer service (including critical
updates and notifications about the product or service that you are
using), to improve the Site and any related Ground Control products
or services, to make the Site easier to use by eliminating the need
for you to repeatedly enter the same information or by customizing
the Site to your particular preference or interests. Additionally,
with your permission, we may send information to you about other Ground
Control products and services, and/or share information with Ground
Control partners so they may send you information about their products
and services. Ground Control does not intend to transfer personal information
without your consent to third parties who are not bound to act on Ground
Control's behalf. However, Ground Control may disclose personal information
if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action
is necessary to (a) conform to the law or comply with legal process
served on Ground Control or the Site, (b) protect and defend the rights
or property of Ground Control, or (c) act in urgent circumstances to
protect the personal safety of Ground Control employees or agents,
users of Ground Control products or services, or members of the public.
Personal information collected on the Site may be stored and processed
in the United States or any other country in which Ground Control or
its affiliates, subsidiaries or agents maintain facilities, and by
using the Site, you consent to any such transfer of information outside
of your country.
Control Of Your Personal Information
Except as otherwise described in this statement, personal information
you provide on the Site will not be shared outside of Ground Control
and its controlled subsidiaries and affiliates without your permission.
Please be aware that this privacy statement and any choices you make
on the Site will not necessarily apply to personal information you
provide or have provided to Ground Control in other contexts, forms
or situations; i.e. information provided outside of the Site.
Accuracy Of Your Personal Information
To the extent you provide us with personal information, Ground Control
wishes to maintain its accuracy. You may send updates and corrections
about your personal information at
this location.
Security Of Your Personal Information
Wherever your personal information may be held within Ground Control
or on its behalf, we intend to take reasonable steps to protect such
information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure.
Protection Of Children's Personal Information
Ground Control is a general business class satellite internet service
provider site and does not knowingly collect any personal information
on the Site from children. If we learn that we have collected personal
information on a child under the age of 13, we will delete that data
from our systems.
Use Of Cookies And Tracking Technologies
We may use cookies on this Site and other tracking technologies. A
cookie is a small text file that is placed on your hard disk by a
Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver
viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and
can only be read by a Web server in the domain that issued the cookie
to you. One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience
feature to save you time. For example, if you personalize a web page,
or navigate within a site, a cookie helps the site to recall your
specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process
of delivering relevant content, eases site navigation, and so on.
When you return to the Web site, the information you previously provided
can be retrieved, so you can easily use the site's features that
you customized. You have the ability to accept or decline cookies.
Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually
modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If
you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience
the interactive features of this or other Web sites you visit. We
may also analyze information that does not contain personal information
for trends and statistics or to provide services to you.
Links To And From Other Sites
The Site may contain links to other sites that are not operated by
Ground Control. Neither Ground Control nor any of its affiliates
are responsible for the content or privacy policies of those sites
and our on-line privacy policy does not apply to them. Such sites
may collect information from you, either through the use of Internet
cookies or otherwise, and make uses of it that Ground Control would
not. You should keep this in mind when accessing other sites through
links on our Site. Also, neither Ground Control nor any of its affiliates
are responsible for the content or privacy policies of any Internet
site that links to our site.
Changes To This Online Privacy Policy
We may occasionally update this privacy statement. When we do, we will
also revise the "Last Updated" date at the top of the privacy
statement. For material changes to this privacy statement, we will
notify you either by placing a prominent notice on the home page
of our Web site or by directly sending you a notification. We encourage
you to periodically review this privacy statement to stay informed
about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect.
Your continued use of the service constitutes your agreement to this
privacy statement and any updates.
Commitment
If you have any comments or questions regarding our Online Privacy
Policy, please contact us at 800-773-7168. While we cannot guarantee
privacy perfection, we will address any issue to the best of our
abilities as soon as possible.
Your California Privacy Rights
California Notice of Information-Sharing Disclosure
With your consent, from time-to-time, Ground Control may provide its
business partners with contact details for direct marketing purposes
of relevant services, products, and programs. If you no longer wish
your information to be shared, please let us know. The designated contact
for these queries is billing @ groundcontrol.com
Home
Webmail
Client Login
Subscriber Agreement
Privacy Policy
Tools
Contact Us
Copyright © 2002-2020 Ground Control. All Right Reserved.