https://www.logiforms.com/user-legal/terms-of-use/
Terms & Conditions - Logiforms
Features
Demo
Pricing
Resources & Support
Blog
Solutions
Insurance
Higher Education
Financial Services
Legal
Human Resources
Medical Services
Retail
Agencies and Marketing Firms
Customers
Free Trial
Terms of Use
Resources
Legal
Terms of Use
Terms of Use
Introduction
These terms and conditions govern your use of our website; by using this website, you accept these terms and conditions in full.
For the purposes of these Terms of Use, the term, “Websites”, shall refer collectively to v3.logiforms.com, www.logiforms.com, logiforms.com, help.logiforms.com, as well as the other websites that Logiforms operates and that link to these Terms of Use.
These Terms of Use do not apply to your access and use of our subscription services, forms.logiforms.com, and/or any of the subscription service we market and sell on this and other websites. Use of those services is governed by our Master Subscription Agreement, available HERE
If you disagree with these terms and conditions or any part of these terms and conditions, you must not use this website.
This website uses cookies. By using this website and agreeing to these terms and conditions, you consent to Logiforms Software’s use of cookies in accordance with the terms of our privacy policy.
License to use website
Unless otherwise stated, Logiforms and/or its licensors own the intellectual property rights in the website and material on the website. Subject to the license below, all these intellectual property rights are reserved.
You may view, download for caching purposes only, and print pages from the website for your own personal use, subject to the restrictions set out below and elsewhere in these terms and conditions.
You must not:
republish material from this website (including republication on another website);
sell, rent or sub-license material from the website;
show any material from the website in public;
reproduce, duplicate, copy or otherwise exploit material on this website for a commercial purpose;
redistribute material from this website [except for content specifically and expressly made available for redistribution
Acceptable use
You must not use this website in any way that causes, or may cause, damage to the website or impairment of the availability or accessibility of the website; or in any way which is unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful, or in connection with any unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful purpose or activity.
You must not use this website to copy, store, host, transmit, send, use, publish or distribute any material which consists of (or is linked to) any spyware, computer virus, Trojan horse, worm, keystroke logger, rootkit or other malicious computer software.
You must not conduct any systematic or automated data collection activities (including without limitation scraping, data mining, data extraction and data harvesting) on or in relation to this website without Logiforms’s express written consent.
Community Support Content
In these terms and conditions, “Community Support Content” means material (including without limitation text, images, audio material, video material and audio-visual material) that you submit to this website, for whatever purpose.
You grant to Logiforms a worldwide, irrevocable, non-exclusive, royalty-free license to use, reproduce, adapt, publish, translate and distribute Community Support Content in any existing or future media. You also grant to Logiforms the right to sub-license these rights, and the right to bring an action for infringement of these rights.
Community Support Content must not be illegal or unlawful, must not infringe any third party’s legal rights, and must not be capable of giving rise to legal action whether against you or Logiforms or a third party (in each case under any applicable law).
You must not submit any user content to the website that is or has ever been the subject of any threatened or actual legal proceedings or other similar complaint.
Logiforms reserves the right to edit or remove any material submitted to this website, or stored on Logiforms’s servers, or hosted or published upon this website.
Notwithstanding Logiforms’s rights under these terms and conditions in relation to user content, Logiforms does not undertake to monitor the submission of such content to, or the publication of such content on, this website.
No warranties
This website is provided “as is” without any representations or warranties, express or implied. Logiforms makes no representations or warranties in relation to this website or the information and materials provided on this website.
Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing paragraph, Logiforms does not warrant that:
this website will be constantly available, or available at all; or
the information on this website is complete, true, accurate or non-misleading.
Nothing on this website constitutes, or is meant to constitute, advice of any kind.
Limitations of liability
Logiforms will not be liable to you (whether under the law of contact, the law of torts or otherwise) in relation to the contents of, or use of, or otherwise in connection with, this website:
for any indirect, special or consequential loss; or
for any business losses, loss of revenue, income, profits or anticipated savings, loss of contracts or business relationships, loss of reputation or goodwill, or loss or corruption of information or data.
These limitations of liability apply even if Logiforms has been expressly advised of the potential loss.
Exceptions
Nothing in this website disclaimer will exclude or limit any warranty implied by law that it would be unlawful to exclude or limit; and nothing in this website disclaimer will exclude or limit Logiforms’s liability in respect of any:
death or personal injury caused by Logiforms’s negligence;
fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation on the part of Logiforms Software Inc; or
matter which it would be illegal or unlawful for Logiforms to exclude or limit, or to attempt or purport to exclude or limit, its liability.
Reasonableness
By using this website, you agree that the exclusions and limitations of liability set out in this website disclaimer are reasonable.
If you do not think they are reasonable, you must not use this website.
Other parties
You accept that, as a limited liability entity, Logiforms has an interest in limiting the personal liability of its officers and employees. You agree that you will not bring any claim personally against Logiforms’s officers or employees in respect of any losses you suffer in connection with the website.
Without prejudice to the foregoing paragraph, you agree that the limitations of warranties and liability set out in this website disclaimer will protect Logiforms’s officers, employees, agents, subsidiaries, successors, assigns and sub-contractors as well as Logiforms
Unenforceable provisions
If any provision of this website disclaimer is, or is found to be, unenforceable under applicable law, that will not affect the enforceability of the other provisions of this website disclaimer.
Indemnity
You hereby indemnify Logiforms and undertake to keep Logiforms indemnified against any losses, damages, costs, liabilities and expenses (including without limitation legal expenses and any amounts paid by Logiforms to a third party in settlement of a claim or dispute on the advice of Logiforms’s legal advisers) incurred or suffered by Logiforms arising out of any breach by you of any provision of these terms and conditions.
Breaches of these terms and conditions
Without prejudice to Logiforms’s other rights under these terms and conditions, if you breach these terms and conditions in any way, Logiforms may take such action as Logiforms deems appropriate to deal with the breach, including suspending your access to the website, prohibiting you from accessing the website, blocking computers using your IP address from accessing the website, contacting your internet service provider to request that they block your access to the website and/or bringing court proceedings against you.
Variation
Logiforms may revise these terms and conditions from time-to-time. Revised terms and conditions will apply to the use of this website from the date of the publication of the revised terms and conditions on this website. Please check this page regularly to ensure you are familiar with the current version.
Assignment
Logiforms may transfer, sub-contract or otherwise deal with Logiforms’s rights and/or obligations under these terms and conditions without notifying you or obtaining your consent.
You may not transfer, sub-contract or otherwise deal with your rights and/or obligations under these terms and conditions.
Severability
If a provision of these terms and conditions is determined by any court or other competent authority to be unlawful and/or unenforceable, the other provisions will continue in effect. If any unlawful and/or unenforceable provision would be lawful or enforceable if part of it were deleted, that part will be deemed to be deleted, and the rest of the provision will continue in effect.
Law and jurisdiction
This Agreement shall be governed under the laws of British Columbia. You agree that any grievances shall be settled according the procedures and laws within this jurisdiction. You further agree that any claim, cause or action related to the Service or this Agreement must be filed within one (1) year is such a claim should arise.
Logiforms’s details
The full name of Logiforms is Logiforms Software Inc..
Logiforms’s registered address is #201-2333 w41st Ave, Vancouver BC, V6M2A3, Canada
You can contact Logiforms by email to support@logiforms.com
Categories
Data Hosting Policy
Data Processing Addendum
Data Retention Policy
Data Subject Access Request
Data Subject Complaints
EU Data Protection & GDPR
HiPAA
How we Protect your Data
Logiforms Security Best Pratices
PCI
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Sub-processors and Subcontracts
Subscription Agreement
Terms of Use
Build Amazing Forms, Workflows & PDFs, Start your free trial today