http://www.mebron.com/terms-of-service
HomeClient Area
Mebron
HomeSevices
Domain Registration
Blue SparrowsAbout UsContact Us
A+
A
A-
The use of services from Mebron Technologies (P) Ltd. [hereafter referred to as "Mebron"] constitutes agreement to these terms. You may view our Privacy Policy here.
1.) Account Setup / Email on file
Mebron will setup your account after we have received payment and we and/or our payment partner(s) have screened the order(s) in case of fraud. It is your responsibility to provide us with an email address which is not @ the domain(s) you are signing up under. If there is ever an abuse issue or we need to contact you, the primary email address on file will be used for this purpose. It is your responsibility to ensure the email address on file is current or up to date at all times. If you have a domain name registered with Mebron, it is your responsibility to ensure that the contact information for your domain account and your actual domain name(s) is correct and up-to-date. Mebron is not responsible for a lapsed registration due to outdated contact information being associated with the domain. If you need to verify or change this information, you should contact our sales team via email. Providing false contact information of any kind may result in the termination of your account. In dedicated server purchases or high risk transactions, it will be necessary to provide government issued identification and possibly a scan of the credit card used for the purchase. If you fail to meet these requirements, the order may be considered fraudulent in nature and be denied.
Transfers
Our transfers team will make every effort to help you move your site to us. However, transfers are provided as a courtesy service, and we can not make guarantees regarding the availability, possibility, or time required to complete an account transfer. Each hosting company is configured differently, and some hosting platforms save data in an incompatible or proprietary format, which may make it extremely difficult if not impossible to migrate some or all account data. We will try our best, but in some cases we may be unable to assist you in a transfer of data from an old host. The free transfer services are available for 30 days from your sign up date. Transfers outside of the 30 day free period will incur a charge; please contact a member of the transfers department with specific details to receive a price quote.
2.) Content
All services provided by Mebron may only be used for lawful purposes. The customer agrees to indemnify and hold harmless Mebron from any claims resulting from the use of our services. Use of our services to infringe upon any copyright or trademark is prohibited. This includes but is not limited to unauthorized copying of music, books, photographs, or any other copyrighted work. The offer of sale of any counterfeit merchandise of a trademark holder will result in the immediate termination of your account. Any account found to be in violation of anothers copyright will be expeditiously removed, or access to the material disabled. Any account found to be in repeated violation of copyright laws will be suspended and/or terminated from our hosting. If you believe that your copyright or trademark is being infringed upon, please email This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. with the information required. A list of required information may be found here. If the request is of a licensing issue, we may require further documentation.
Using a shared account as a backup/storage device is not permitted, with the exception of one cPanel backup of the same account. Please do not take backups of your backups.
Examples of unacceptable material on all Shared and Reseller servers include:
Topsites
IRC Scripts/Bots
Proxy Scripts/Anonymizers
Pirated Software/Warez
Image Hosting Scripts (similar to Photobucket or Tinypic)
AutoSurf/PTC/PTS/PPC sites
IP Scanners
Bruteforce Programs/Scripts/Applications
Mail Bombers/Spam Scripts
Banner-Ad services (commercial banner ad rotation)
File Dump/Mirror Scripts (similar to rapidshare)
Commercial Audio Streaming (more than one or two streams)
Escrow/Bank Debentures
High-Yield Interest Programs (HYIP) or Related Sites
Investment Sites (FOREX, E-Gold Exchange, Second Life/Linden Exchange, Ponzi, MLM/Pyramid Scheme)
Sale of any controlled substance without prior proof of appropriate permit(s)
Prime Banks Programs
Lottery Sites
MUDs/RPGs/PBBGs
Hateful/Racist/Harassment oriented sites
Hacker focused sites/archives/programs
Sites promoting illegal activities
Forums and/or websites that distribute or link to warez/pirated/illegal content
Bank Debentures/Bank Debenture Trading Programs
Fraudulent Sites (Including, but not limited to sites listed at aa419.org & escrow-fraud.com)
Mailer Pro
Examples of unacceptable material on all Dedicated servers include:
IRCD (irc servers)
IRC Scripts/Bots
Pirated Software/Warez
IP Scanners
Bruteforce Programs/Scripts/Applications
Mail Bombers/spam Scripts
Escrow
High-Yield Interest Programs (HYIP) or Related Sites
Investment Sites (FOREX, E-Gold Exchange, Second Life/Linden Exchange, Ponzi, MLM/Pyramid Scheme)
Sale of any controlled substance without prior proof of appropriate permit(s)
Prime Banks Programs
Lottery Sites
Hateful/Racist/Harassment oriented sites
Hacker focused sites/archives/programs
Sites promoting illegal activities
Forums and/or websites that distribute or link to warez/pirated/illegal content
Bank Debentures/Bank Debenture Trading Programs
Fraudulent Sites (Including, but not limited to sites listed at aa419.org & escrow-fraud.com)
Mailer Pro
Mebron services, including all related equipment, networks and network devices are provided only for authorized customer use. Mebron systems may be monitored for all lawful purposes, including to ensure that use is authorized, for management of the system, to facilitate protection against unauthorized access, and to verify security procedures, survivability, and operational security. During monitoring, information may be examined, recorded, copied and used for authorized purposes. Use of Mebron system(s) constitutes consent to monitoring for these purposes.
Any account found connecting to a third party network or system without authorization from the third party is subject to suspension. Access to networks or systems outside of your direct control must be with expressed written consent from the third party. Mebron may, at its discretion, request and require documentation to prove access to a third party network or system is authorized.
We reserve the right to refuse service to anyone. Any material that, in our judgment, is obscene, threatening, illegal, or violates our terms of service in any manner may be removed from our servers (or otherwise disabled), with or without notice.
Failure to respond to email from our abuse department within 48 hours may result in the suspension or termination of your services. All abuse issues must be dealt with via troubleticket/email and will have a response within 48 hours.
If in doubt regarding the acceptability of your site or service, please contact us at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. and we will be happy to assist you.
Potential harm to minors is strictly forbidden, including but not limited to child pornography or content perceived to be child pornography (Lolita):
Any site found to host child pornography or linking to child pornography will be suspended immediately without notice.
Resellers: we will suspend the site in question and will notify you so you may terminate the account. We will further monitor your activity; more than one infraction of this type may result in the immediate termination of your account.
Direct customers: Your services will be terminated with or without notice.
Violations will be reported to the appropriate law enforcement agency.
It is your responsibility to ensure that scripts/programs installed under your account are secure and permissions of directories are set properly, regardless of installation method. When at all possible, set permissions on most directories to 755 or as restrictive as possible. Users are ultimately responsible for all actions taken under their account. This includes the compromise of credentials such as user name and password. It is required that you use a secure password. If a weak password is used, your account may be suspended until you agree to use a more secure password. Audits may be done to prevent weak passwords from being used. If an audit is performed, and your password is found to be weak, we will notify you and allow time for you to change/update your password.
3.) Zero Tolerance Spam Policy
We take a zero tolerance stance against sending of unsolicited e-mail, bulk emailing, and spam. "Safe lists" and purchased lists will be treated as spam. Any user who sends out spam will have their account terminated with or without notice. Sites advertised via SPAM (Spamvertised) may not be hosted on our servers. This provision includes, but is not limited to SPAM sent via fax, email, instant messaging, or usenet/newsgroups. No organization or entity listed in the ROKSO may be hosted on our servers. Any account which results in our IP space being blacklisted will be immediately suspended and/or terminated. Mebron reserves the right to require changes or disable as necessary any web site, account, database, or other component that does not comply with its established policies, or to make any such modifications in an emergency at its sole discretion. Mebron reserves the right to charge the holder of the account used to send any unsolicited e-mail a clean up fee or any charges incurred for blacklist removal. This cost of the clean up fee is entirely at the discretion of Mebron.
4.) Payment Information
You agree to supply appropriate payment for the services received from Mebron, in advance of the time period during which such services are provided. You agree that until and unless you notify Mebron of your desire to cancel any or all services received, those services will be billed on a recurring basis. This includes when accounts are suspended. When an account's invoices are paid outside of the 10 day grace period, invoices will not be automatically generated. However, after the customer notifies Mebron of his or intent to resume service, invoices will be manually generated and payment expected for the time the account was suspended.
Cancellations must be done in writing via the cancellation form provided. Once we receive your cancellation and have confirmed all necessary information with you via e-mail, we will inform you in writing (typically email) that your account has been canceled. Your cancellation confirmation will contain a ticket/tracking number in the subject for your reference, and for verification purposes. You should immediately receive an automatic "Your request has been received..." email with a tracking number. An employee will confirm your request (and process your cancellation) shortly thereafter. If you do not hear back from us, or do not receive the automatic confirmation email within a few minutes after submitting your cancellation, please contact us immediately via contact us or phone. We require that cancellations of service are done through the online form to (a) confirm your identity, (b) confirm in writing you are prepared for all files/emails to be removed, and (c) document the request. This process reduces the likelihood of mistakes, fraudulent/malicious requests, and ensures you are aware that the files, emails, and account may be removed immediately after a cancellation request is processed.
As a client of Mebron, it is your responsibility to ensure that your payment information is up to date, and that all invoices are paid on time. You agree that until and unless you notify Mebron of your desire to cancel any or all services received (by the proper means listed in the appropriate section of the Terms of Service), those services will be billed on a recurring basis, unless otherwise stated in writing by Mebron. Mebron reserves the right to bill your credit card or billing information on file with us. Mebron provides a 10 day grace period from the time the invoice is generated and when it must be paid. Any invoice that is outstanding for 10 days and not paid will result in a $10 late fee and/or an account suspension until account balance has been paid in full. The $10 late fee is applied in addition to whatever else is owed to Mebron for services rendered. Access to the account will not be restored until payment has been received.
It is the customer's responsibility to notify our sales team via email at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. after paying for a domain renewal and to ensure the email is received and acted upon. Domain renewal notices and invoices are provided as a courtesy reminder and Mebron cannot be held responsible for failure to renew a domain or failure to notify a customer about a domain's renewal.
Invoices that have been paid more than once with multiple Paypal Subscriptions or any other payment gateway can only be added as credit towards the account and cannot be refunded via Paypal or any other payment gateway. If you require assistance with this provision, please contact This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
In the event of non-payment of any services beyond the stipulated time, Mebron reserves the right to re-sell the Domain, Layout & all other related material to any third party or use itself, including the Domain/ Content / Structure/ Layout and all other related material without any intimation & no further correspondence in this regard would be entertained.
Mebron reserves the right to change the monthly payment amount and any other charges at anytime.
5.) Cancellations and Refunds
Mebron reserves the right to cancel, suspend, or otherwise restrict access to the account at any time with or without notice.
Any abuse of our staff in any medium or format will result in the suspension or termination of your services.
Customers may cancel at any time via email This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.. Mebron gives you an unconditional 30 day money back guarantee on managed shared hosting, and reseller solutions for any customer who paid the first invoice with a credit card or with Paypal.
The following methods of payments are non-refundable, and refunds will be posted as credit to the hosting account:
Bank Wire Transfers
Western Union Payments
Checks
Money orders
There are no refunds on website designing, website development service, custom software development service, mobile phone application development services, dedicated servers, administrative fees, install fees for custom software, or domain name purchases.
Only first-time accounts are eligible for a refund. For example, if you've had an account with us before, canceled and signed up again, you will not be eligible for a refund or if you have opened a second account with us.
Violations of the Terms of Service will waive the refund policy.
6.) Price Change
The amount you pay for hosting will never increase from the date of purchase. We reserve the right to change prices listed on mebron.com, and the right to increase the amount of resources given to plans at any time.
7.) Coupons
Discounts and coupon codes are reserved for first-time accounts *or first-time customers* only and may not be used towards the purchase of a domain registration unless otherwise specified. If you have signed up using a particular domain, you may not resign up for that domain using another coupon at a later date. Any account found in violation of these policies will be reviewed by our sales department and the appropriate invoices will be added to the account. Coupon abuse will not be tolerated and may result in the suspension or termination of the account. Coupons or discounts are only valid towards the initial purchase, and do not affect the renewal or recurring price.
8.) Backups and Data Loss
Your use of this service is at your sole risk. Our backup service is run on Sunday of each week, and provided to you as a courtesy. Mebron is not responsible for files and/or data residing on your account. You agree to take full responsibility for files and data transferred and to maintain all appropriate backup of files and data stored on Mebron servers. Backups will not be provided for accounts that have been suspended or terminated for any reason unless otherwise agreed to in writing by Mebron.
9a.) Resource Usage
User may not:
Use 25% or more of system resources for longer then 90 seconds. There are numerous activities that could cause such problems; these include: CGI scripts, FTP, PHP, HTTP, etc.
Run stand-alone, unattended server-side processes at any point in time on the server. This includes any and all daemons, such as IRCD.
Run any type of web spider or indexer (including Google Cash / AdSpy) on shared servers.
Run any software that interfaces with an IRC (Internet Relay Chat) network.
Run any bit torrent application, tracker, or client. You may link to legal torrents off-site, but may not host or store them on our shared servers.
Participate in any file-sharing/peer-to-peer activities
Run any gaming servers such as counter-strike, half-life, battlefield1942, etc
Run cron entries with intervals of less than 15 minutes.
Users are strongly recommended to:
When using PHP include functions for including a local file, include the local file rather than the URL. Instead of include("http://yourdomain.com/include.php") use include("include.php")
To help reduce usage, do not force html to handle server-side code (like php and shtml).
Only use https protocol when necessary; encrypting and decrypting communications is noticeably more CPU-intensive than unencrypted communications.
9b.) INODES
The use of more than 250,000 inodes on any shared account may potentially result in a warning first, and if no action is taken future suspension. Accounts found to be exceeding the 100,000 inode limit will automatically be removed from our backup system to avoid over-usage, however databases will still be backed up. Every file (a webpage, image file, email, etc) on your account uses up 1 inode.
Sites that slightly exceed our inode limits are unlikely to be suspended; however, accounts that constantly create and delete large numbers of files on a regular basis, have hundreds of thousands of files, or cause file system damage may be flagged for review and/or suspension. The primary cause of excessive inodes seems to be due to users leaving their catchall address enabled, but never checking their primary account mailbox. Over time, tens of thousands of messages (or more) build up, eventually pushing the account past our inode limit. To disable your default mailbox, login to cPanel and choose "Mail", then "Default Address", "Set Default Address", and then type in: :fail: No such user here.
9c.) Backup Limit
Any shared account using more than 20 gigs of disk space will be removed from our off site weekly backup with the exception of Databases continuing to be backed up. All data will continue to be mirrored to a secondary drive which helps protect against data loss in the event of a drive failure.
10.) Bandwidth Usage
You are allocated a monthly bandwidth allowance. This allowance varies depending on the hosting package you purchase. Should your account pass the allocated amount we reserve the right to suspend the account until the start of the next allocation, suspend the account until more bandwidth is purchased at an additional fee, suspend the account until you upgrade to a higher level of package, terminate the account and/or charge you an additional fee for the overages. Unused transfer in one month cannot be carried over to the next month.
11.) Uptime Guarantee
If your shared / reseller server has a physical downtime that is not within the 99.9% uptime you may receive one month of credit on your account. Approval of the credit is at the discretion of Mebron dependent upon justification provided. Third party monitoring service reports may not be used for justification due to a variety of factors including the monitor's network capacity/transit availability. The uptime of the server is defined as the reported uptime from the operating system and the Apache Web Server which may differ from the uptime reported by other individual services. To request a credit, please contact This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. with justification. All requests must be made in writing via email. Uptime guarantees only apply to advanced shared / reseller solutions. Dedicated servers are covered by a network guarantee in which the credit is prorated for the amount of time the server is down which is not related to our uptime guarantee.
12.) Reseller: Client Responsibility
Resellers are responsible for supporting their clients. Mebron does not provide support to our Reseller's Clients. If a reseller's client contacts us, we reserve the right to place the client account on hold until the reseller can assume their responsibility for their client. All support requests must be made by the reseller on their clients' behalf for security purposes. Resellers are also responsible for all content stored or transmitted under their reseller account and the actions of their clients'. Mebron will hold any reseller responsible for any of their clients actions that violate the law or the terms of service.
13.) Shared (non-reseller accounts) / Semidedicated Servers
Shared accounts may not resell web hosting to other people, if you wish to resell hosting you must use a reseller account. Semi-dedicated servers are not backed up. You must maintain your own backups.
14.) Dedicated Servers
Mebron reserves the right to reset the password on a dedicated server if the password on file is not current so that we may do security audits as required by our datacenter. It is the responsibility of the client to ensure that there is a valid email address and current root password on file for their dedicated server on file to prevent downtime from forced password resets. Mebron reserves the right to audit servers as needed and to perform administrative actions at the request of our datacenter. Dedicated servers are NOT backed up by us and it is the responsibility of the client to maintain backups or have a solution for this. You may purchase an additional hard drive and maintain backups to it as the simplest solution. Please contact This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. if you wish to obtain a secondary hard drive. It is your responsibility to maintain backups.
15a.) Indemnification
Customer agrees that it shall defend, indemnify, save and hold Mebron harmless from any and all demands, liabilities, losses, costs and claims, including reasonable attorney's fees asserted against Mebron, its agents, its customers, officers and employees, that may arise or result from any service provided or performed or agreed to be performed or any product sold by customer, its agents, employees or assigns.
Customer agrees to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Mebron against liabilities arising out of;
Any injury to person or property caused by any products sold or otherwise distributed in connection with Mebron
Any material supplied by customer infringing or allegedly infringing on the proprietary rights of a third party
The Content on your website.
Copyright infringement and
Any defective products sold to customers from Mebron's server.
15b.) Arbitration
By using any Mebron services, you agree to submit to binding arbitration. If any disputes or claims arise against Mebron or its subsidiaries, such disputes will be handled by an arbitrator of Mebron's choice. An arbitrator from the Kerala,India will be selected. Arbitration under this agreement shall be conducted under the rules then prevailing of the Indian Arbitration Association. The arbitrators award shall be binding and may be entered as a judgment in any court of competent jurisdiction. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, no arbitration under this Agreement shall be joined to an arbitration involving any other party subject to this Agreement, whether through class arbitration proceedings or otherwise. You are also responsible for any and all costs related to such arbitration.
16.) Disclaimer
Mebron shall not be responsible for any damages your business may suffer. Mebron makes no warranties of any kind, expressed or implied for services we provide. Mebron disclaims any warranty or merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. This includes loss of data resulting from delays, no deliveries, wrong delivery, and any and all service interruptions caused by Mebron and its employees.
17.) Limitation of Liability
YOU AGREE THAT MEBRON (FOR THE PURPOSES OF THIS SECTION, MEBRON INCLUDES, WITHOUT LIMITATION, MEBRON'S EXECUTIVES, DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, ATTORNEYS, MANAGERS, EMPLOYEES, CONSULTANTS, CONTRACTORS, AGENTS, PARENT COMPANIES, SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES, REGISTRIES, THIRD-PARTY PROVIDERS, MERCHANTS, LICENSORS, OR THE LIKE, OR ANYONE ELSE INVOLVED IN CREATING, PRODUCING, OR DISTRIBUTING MEBRON'S SERVICES) WILL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANYONE ELSE FOR ANY LOSS THAT MAY OCCUR DUE TO ANY (1) LOSS OF REGISTRATION OF A DOMAIN; (2) USE OF YOUR DOMAIN; (3) ACCESS DELAY OR ACCESS INTERRUPTION TO MEBRON'S REGISTRATION SYSTEM; (4) NON-DELIVERY OR MISS DELIVERY OF DATA BETWEEN YOU AND MEBRON AND/OR BETWEEN MEBRON AND THE REGISTRY; (5) EVENT BEYOND MEBRON'S REASONABLE CONTROL; (6) PROCESSING OF THE APPLICATION; (7) PROCESSING OF ANY MODIFICATION TO THE RECORD ASSOCIATED WITH YOUR DOMAIN; (8) SUSPENSION OR CANCELLATION OF YOUR REGISTRATION BY MEBRON; OR (9) APPLICATION OF ANY DISPUTE RESOLUTION PROVISION HEREIN. FURTHERMORE, MEBRON WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGE OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOST PROFITS, REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF ACTION, WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR TORT, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, NEGLIGENCE, OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF MEBRON HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. IN NO EVENT WILL MEBRON'S MAXIMUM LIABILITY EXCEED THE TOTAL AMOUNT PAID TO MEBRON.
18.) Disclosure to law enforcement
Mebron may disclose any subscriber information to law enforcement agencies without further consent or notification to the subscriber upon lawful request from such agencies. We will cooperate fully with law enforcement agencies.
19.) Changes to the TOS
Mebron reserve the right to add / change / modify the terms of this Agreement. Changes could be made by us after the first posting to the Site and you will be deemed to have accepted any change if you continue to use services provided by Mebron. Mebron reserves the right to modify, suspend/cancel, or discontinue any or all channels, or service at any time without notice, make modifications and alterations in any or all of the content, products and services contained/ not contained on the site without prior notice.
Tweet
Since 2000 in the Industry
But it's not enough just to have been around for a long time if you don't stay current. We started early, and we stay ahead of the pack. We're here for the long haul.
Software
You have heard Mebron builds nice Websites, Registering lots of Domains and providing a reliable Web Hosting. But did you know Mebron also build Smart phone, iPhone and Desktop applications.
Support
Contact Us
Online Support
Development Process
Company
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
About Us
Core Services
PHP Development
Drupal Integration
Joomla Integration
Wordpress Integration
Android Development
iOS Development