https://www.gemcable.co.uk/privacy-policy/
+44 (0) 1727 845 750
This privacy policy sets out how GEM Cable Solutions Ltd uses and protects any information that you give GEM Cable Solutions Ltd
when you use this website.
GEM Cable Solutions Ltd  are committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected.  Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
Gem Cable Solutions Ltd may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.  This policy is effective from 18 March 2016.
Information collected
We may collect the following information:
Name and job title
Contact information including email address
Demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
Other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
Use of information
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional email about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen. You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to Steve Jack,Unit C, 156 St.Albans Rd, Sandridge, St Albans AL4 9LP
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address.
We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
VIEW OUR PRIVACY STATEMENTS BELOW
Privacy Policy
Recruitment Policy
Comments are closed.
Top