http://www.codeless.com/privacy-notice
Skip to content Privacy Noticeremko2020-08-17T13:44:56+00:00Your privacy is important to usPrivacy NoticeWith our policy, we would like to demonstrate our commitment to your privacy according to the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). This policy discloses what personal data Codeless Technology B.V collects from you while you are accessing our website  https://codeless.com, how we collect your personal information, for which purposes we will use the data collected, how long we will store your personal data and how we protect it. Please review this Privacy Policy before you give us any information.Codeless Technology B.V collects only freely and explicitly given personal data.We may amend this policy from time-to-time by posting a new version on our website https://codeless.com.Definitions of TermsCollection and Use of Personal DataUse of Personal Data CollectedRetention PeriodSecurityRights of Data SubjectsHandling Privacy Concerns and Access Requests1. Definitions of Terms“Personal Data” – only includes information relating to a living  individuals who can be identified or who are identifiable, directly from the information in question; or who can be indirectly identified from that information in combination with other information.“Data Controller” – determines the purposes and means of processing personal data.“Data Subject/Natural Person” – any living individual – the visitors of https://codeless.com“Processing” – is any operation which is performed on personal data or on sets of personal data whether or not by automated means, such as collection, recording, organisation, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure or destruction.“Consent”: any freely given, specific, informed and unambiguous indication of the data subject’s wishes by which s/he, by a statement or by clear affirmative action, signifies agreement to the processing of personal data relating to him/her.“General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)” – is designed to harmonize data privacy laws across Europe and to protect all individual’s rights associated with the protection of personal data.2. Collection and Use of Personal DataCodeless Technology B.V. through its web site may collect and/or track:The home server, domain names, email addresses, type of client computer, files downloaded, search engine used, operating system, and type of web browser of visitors to https://codeless.com webpage;The email addresses of visitors that communicate with Codeless Technology B.V. via email;Information knowingly provided by the visitor in online forms, registration forms, surveys, email, contest entries, and other online avenues (including demographic and personal profile data);Aggregate and user-specific information on which pages visitors access.Codeless Technology B.V. may place Internet “cookies” on visitors’ computers for record-keeping purposes. You can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level, if available. We do not link the information we store in cookies to any personally identifiable information you submit while on our site. Internet cookies save data about individual visitors, such as the organization’s name, password, user-name, screen preferences, and the pages of a service viewed by the visitor. When the visitor revisits the Codeless Technology B.V. website, we may recognize the visitor by the Internet cookie and customize the visitor’s experience accordingly.Codeless Technology B.V uses Google Analytics. This program provides important statistics about the number of visitors, the pages visited, and other essential information with which the Codeless Technology B.V can continually improve the website for his visitors. These statistics are anonymous and cannot be traced back to a specific person or user.Codeless Technology B.V uses pixel tag – a graphic with dimensions of 1×1 pixels that is loaded when you are visiting our webpage or you are opening an email. The following data can be acquired and analyzed with a tracking pixel: • Operating system used (gives information on the use of mobile devices) • Type of website or email used, for example on mobile or desktop • Type of client used, for example, a browser or mail program. • Client’s screen resolution • Time the email was read or website was visited • Activities on the website during a session (when using multiple tracking pixels) • IP address (gives information on the Internet Service Provider and location)3. Use of Personal Data CollectedPersonal data collected by Codeless Technology B.V. may be used by  Codeless Technology B.V. for the following purposes:For communication purposes – you are contacting us because of a query and Codeless Technology B.V. responds to you;For internal marketing and internal promotional purposes;For statistical analysis of users’ behaviour;For product development;For content improvement;Or to customize the content and layout of our web site;Aggregate data on visitors’ home servers may be used for internal purposes, however, will not be provided to third parties such as marketing companies. Individually identifying information, such as names, postal and email addresses, phone numbers, and other personal information which visitors voluntarily provide to Codeless Technology B.V.  may be added to Codeless databases and used for future calls and mailings regarding service updates, new products and services, and upcoming events.Our company uses the client’s information from the 30-day Trial Registration Form. We keep customers’ contact information strictly confidential and use it only to send important information to our customers.Codeless Technology B.V will process your personal data in the following case:The individual gives consent for one or more specific purposes;Processing is necessary to meet contractual obligations entered into by the data subject;Processing is necessary to comply with the legal obligations of the controller (Codeless Technology B.V.);Processing is necessary to protect the vital interests of the data subject;Processing is necessary for tasks in the public interest or exercise of authority vested in the controller;Purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the controller4. Retention periodYour personal information will be retained for 1 year to achieve the purpose for which it was collected, usually for the duration of any contractual relationship and for any period thereafter as legally required or permitted by applicable law. 5. SecurityCodeless Technology B.V. protects the security of your information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information you input.Codeless Technology B.V. takes precautions to protect personal information from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. We have taken appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect the information systems on which your personal information is stored. Despite these measures, no data transmission over the Internet can be entirely secure, and we cannot and do not guarantee or warrant the security of any information you transmit via our website. 6. Your RightsUnder the Data Protection Regulation, you have rights as an individual which you can exercise in relation to the information CodeMore B.V. hold about you.The right to be informed – You can ask us to verify whether we are processing personal data about you and if so, to provide more specific informationThe right of access – You can ask us to verify whether we are processing personal data about you and if so, to provide more specific information. We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access the information or to exercise any of your other rights. This helps us to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. No fee is required to make a request unless your request is clearly unfounded or excessive. Depending on the circumstances, we may be unable to comply with your request based on other lawful grounds.The right to rectification – You can ask us to correct our records if you believe they contain incorrect or incomplete information about you.The right to erasure – You can ask us to erase (delete) your personal data after you withdraw your consent to processing or when we no longer need it for the purpose it was originally collected.The right to restrict processing – You can ask us to temporarily restrict our processing of your personal data if you contest the accuracy of your personal data, prefer to restrict its use rather than having us erase it, or need us to preserve it for you to establish, exercise, or defend a legal claim. A temporary restriction may apply while verifying whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to process it. You can ask us to inform you before we lift that temporary processing restriction.The right to data portability – In some circumstances, where you have provided personal data to us, you can ask us to transmit that personal data (in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format) directly to another company if is technically feasible.Right to Object to Direct Marketing including Profiling– You can object to the use of your personal data for direct marketing purposes, including profiling.Rights I relation to automated Individual Decision-making– You can ask us to review any decisions made about you which we made solely based on automated processing, including profiling, that produced legal effects concerning you or similarly significantly affected you.Right to Withdraw Consent– You can withdraw your consent that you have previously given to one or more specified purposes to process your personal data. This will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your consent. It may mean we are not able to provide certain products or services to you and we will advise you if this is the case. You may withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us at privacy@codeless.comThe right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, in case your data is not handling lawfully.7. Handling Privacy Concerns and Access RequestsIf you have any questions about this policy or if you believe that your personal information is not handled in accordance with the applicable law or this policy you may contact us via email privacy@codeless.com  or writing to us:Laan van Londen 100 3317 DA Dordrecht NederlandTel.: +31 (0)78 303 05 00Strada Sfantul Lazar 50 700049 Iasi RomaniaTel.: +40 746 151 050
Deze website maakt gebruik van cookies Codeless.com gebruikt cookies om u de best mogelijke gebruikerservaring op deze website te bieden. Door op "Accepteren" te klikken gaat u akkoord met deze cookies.
WijzigACCEPTEREN Privacy & Cookies Policy
Close Privacy overzichtCodeless.com gebruikt cookies om uw website ervaring te verbeteren. Van deze cookies worden de cookies die als noodzakelijk zijn gecategoriseerd in uw browser opgeslagen, omdat deze essentieel zijn voor de werking van de basisfuncties van de website. Wij gebruiken ook cookies van derden die ons helpen om te begrijpen hoe u deze website gebruikt. Een uitgebreide beschrijving van de cookies vindt u in ons privacy beleid. U heeft de mogelijkheid om u af te melden voor niet-noodzakelijke cookies, maar dit kan effect hebben op uw website ervaring.
Noodzakelijk
Altijd ingeschakeldNoodzakelijke cookies zijn essentieel voor het goed functioneren van de website. Deze categorie bevat enkel de cookies die basisfuncties en beveiligingsfuncties van de website garanderen. Deze cookies slaan geen persoonlijke informatie op.
Niet-noodzakelijke
Niet-noodzakelijkeCookies waarmee Codeless.com het algemene gebruik en de prestaties van de website kan meten. Deze cookies maken het mogelijk om advertenties weer te geven op basis van de pagina's die op deze website worden bezocht. Deze cookies helpen Codeless.com om uw gebruik van de website te analyseren, content te personaliseren en om ons te helpen de website te verbeteren voor de best mogelijke gebruikerservaring.