http://www.web5star.net/privacy1.shtml
Home  |
Special Offers  !!!  |
Customer Service  |
E-Commerce Virtual Shop  |
Price List  |
Payment Advice Form
Hello World Hosting Plan
Personal Hosting Plan
Business Hosting Plan
Corporate Hosting Plan
Compare Plans
Web Design Services
Domain Parking
Order Today!
Web5star Features
The Customer HQ
Frequent Questions
Terms & Conditions
Guarantees
Privacy Statement
Why Choose Us?
About Web5star
Contact Us
Privacy Statement
Five Star Web Hosting Services has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate
our firm commitment to maintaining and protecting the privacy of its clients. The following
outlines the information gathering and dissemination practices for this Web Hosting Service.
Our pledge is to safeguard any information we collect associated with you and your Web Site,
and will make every reasonable effort to use this information only for the purpose of
administering your account.
We will never sell or divulge any information provided by our clients. Furthermore, we will
never release aggregate information about our clients to any third party information gathering
service.
Web5star has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the
information under our control. All account details and credit card details are kept
off-line on separate servers and these details are maintained by authorised personnel only.
The financial information that is collected is only used to bill you for products and services.
All client information such as email, phone numbers, addresses, etc is used only for internal
purposes. This contact information is used to get in touch with you when necessary and for
announcements.
We offer the Domain Search and Whois script on our web site solely as a convenience to our
clients and visitors. We do not collect any information submitted through this script for our
business use or otherwise.
From time-to-time, Web5star will requests information from clients via surveys aimed at
improving the delivery of our services. Participation in these surveys is completely voluntary
and the client therefore has a choice whether or not to disclose this information.
The information
gathered will remain under the sole ownership of Web5star and it will not be shared with any
third party nor will be rented or sold.
This site contains links to other sites. Web5star is not responsible for the privacy practices
or the content of such Web sites although we select whom we link to and will investigate any
complaints you make about such links.
Web5star clients should be aware that we might be legally obligated to disclose information to
the government or to third parties under certain circumstances, such as illegal activity on
your Web Site. Web5star reserves the right to release personally identifiable information to
law enforcement or other government officials, as Web5star, in our sole and absolute
discretion, deems necessary or appropriate.
Our privacy policy is under frequent review and Web5star reserves the right to update this
Privacy Statement from time to time. Please visit this page periodically so that you will be
aware of any changes. However, we will endeavour to promptly notify our clients of any changes
to our Privacy Policy.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Statement, the practices of this site, or your
dealings with Web5star, please contact the manager.
© Since 2001 QCMS (Australia)