https://www.bcpsoftware.com/privacy_policy/
0161 355 3000
info@bcpsoftware.com
Facebook
Twitter
Facebook
Twitter
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how Business Computer Projects Limited (BCP) uses and protects any personal information you give BCP when you use this website.
We are committed to ensuring your privacy is protected. When we ask you to provide certain personal information, by which you can be identified, via the website you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement and in line with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). To view our GDPR policy Click Here
BCP may change this privacy policy from time to time by updating this page. Please check back regularly to ensure you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from May 2018.
What information we collectWhen filling out any of the forms on our website you may be asked to provide BCP with the following personal information:
Name and job title.
Contact information, including postal address, telephone number, mobile number and email address.
Demographic information such as geographical location, preferences and interests.
Other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers.
What we do with the information we collectWe require this information to understand your needs and to provide you with a better service. By registering your interest in our products and services through the contact forms on our website you accept that your details may be used by BCP for the following purposes:
Internal record keeping.
Improving products and services.
Sending you promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address you have provided.
Contacting you via email, phone, fax or mail for market research purposes.
Customising the website according to your interests.
Third partiesWe will not sell, share, or otherwise distribute your personal information to third parties except when you have given us express permission in writing
SecurityWe are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have in place physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Links to other websitesOur website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal informationIf you would like to find what information we hold about you, would like to restrict how we process your information or you believe the information we have about you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to us at BCP House, 151 Charles Street, Stockport, SK1 3JY or email info@bcpsoftware.com. We will promptly action your request or correct any information within one month of receiving your written notice.
If at any time you would like to stop receiving any email, telephone or postal communications from BCP please contact us on info@bcpsoftware.com, or at the address above, as soon as possible and your preferences will be updated.
CookiesRead about BCP cookies here
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.