https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/about/policy/lean-data/
Menu
Download Firefox
Firefox Privacy Notice
Get a Firefox Account
Firefox Browsers
Close Firefox Browsers menu
Firefox for Desktop
Get the not-for-profit-backed browser on Windows, Mac or Linux.
Firefox for Android
Get the customizable mobile browser for Android smartphones.
Firefox for iOS
Get the mobile browser for your iPhone or iPad.
Privacy Promise
Learn how Firefox treats your data with respect.
Firefox Blog
Read about new Firefox features and ways to stay safe online.
Release Notes
Get the details on the latest Firefox updates.
View all Firefox Browsers
Products
Close Products menu
Firefox Monitor
See if your email has appeared in a company’s data breach.
Facebook Container
Help prevent Facebook from collecting your data outside their site.
Pocket
Save and discover the best stories from across the web.
Mozilla VPN
Get protection beyond your browser, on all your devices.
Product Promise
Learn how each Firefox product protects and respects your data.
Firefox Relay (beta)
Sign up for new accounts without handing over your email address.
Firefox Private Network (beta)
Protect your browser’s connection to the internet.
View all Products
Who We Are
Close Who We Are menu
Mozilla Manifesto
Learn about the values and principles that guide our mission.
Mozilla Foundation
Meet the not-for-profit behind Firefox that stands for a better web.
Get involved
Join the fight for a healthy internet.
Leadership
Meet the team that’s building technology for a better internet.
Careers
Work for a mission-driven organization that makes people-first products.
Mozilla Blog
Learn about Mozilla and the issues that matter to us.
More About Mozilla
Innovation
Close Innovation menu
Mozilla Hubs
Gather in this interactive, online, multi-dimensional social space.
Firefox Developer Edition
Get the Firefox browser built just for developers.
MDN Web Docs
Check out the home for web developer resources.
Firefox Reality
Explore the web with the Firefox browser for virtual reality.
Common Voice
Donate your voice so the future of the web can hear everyone.
WebAssembly
Learn more about the new, low-level, assembly-like language.
More Mozilla Innovation
Lean Data Practices
Staying lean and being smart about how you collect data can build trust with your users and ultimately help grow your business.
More Trust
Your customers, investors, partners, and employees are more likely to use and refer you if they feel they can trust you with their data.
Less Risk
Every additional byte you store increases the chances – and costs – of dealing with hackers, breaches, and surveillance issues.
The Three Principles
Stay Lean
Decide if all your data collection delivers value.
Build Security
Learn how to protect customer data.
Engage Your Users
Keep customers informed and empowered.
Drive the conversation in your organization.
Lean Data works in any sector: business, civil society, government. It can be spearheaded by any department: marketing, advocacy, engineering, product, design, compliance, privacy, legal, customer support. You don’t need a technical degree or a dedicated budget. All you need is a commitment to make data decisions thoughtfully.
Contact Us