https://www.agileinternetmarketing.com/privacy-policy/
Follow Us On:
sales@agileinternetmarketing.com
Toggle navigation MENU
Search Engine Optimization
SEO
Industrial SEO
Local SEO
Planning
Content
Link Building
Press Release Services and Submission
Website Design
Website Design and Development
Content Management
E-Commerce
Analytics
Website Analytics
Leads
Call Tracking
ROI
Why Agile
Why Agile
Testimonials
Contact Us
About Us
About Us
Contact Us
Burke Bio
Locations
Events
Request a Speaker
Privacy Policy
Pricing Policy
Contact Us
Blog
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you  fill out a form.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, phone number.  You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience (your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
To improve our website (we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
To improve customer service (your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature
To send periodic emails
The email address you provide may be used to send you information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you enter, submit, or access your personal information.
Do we use cookies?
Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information
We use cookies to understand and save your preferences for future visits and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date below.
This policy was last modified on 2/1/2015
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
Agile Internet Marketing
508 Turnberry Lane
St Augustine, Fl 32080
kburke@agileinternetmarketing.com
Leave a Reply Cancel replyYou must be logged in to post a comment.
Testimonials “We did not have to waste any time educating them on our business. They know our business and what it takes to generate qualified traffic that turns into business.”
Andy Samoiloff
Mayfield Plastics
Custom Thermoforming Supplier
Read More Testimonials
Request a Quote
Recent Blog Posts
Power Strut Project
We are pleased to be working with the Power Strut site to improve ranking and increase traffic. Located in Shrewsbury Massachusetts, Power Engineering is a …Read More
New Local SEO Projects
Below are some of the new local projects we are working on at Agil Pediatric Dentist St Johns FL    St Augustine Urgent Care Port St …Read More
Packaging Partners Partners with Agile
We are pleased to be working with Packaging Partners of Lawrence, Ma to improve their Internet Marketing exposure.  Packaging Partners is an innovative packaging company …Read More
Search Engine OptimizationContact Us
Link Building
Planning
Press Release Services and Submission
Local SEO
Industrial SEO
Website DesignWebsite Design and Development
Content Management
E-Commerce
AnalyticsWebsite Analytics
Call Tracking
Leads
ROI
About AgileWhy Agile
Testimonials
Burke Bio
Events
Locations
Request a Speaker
Blog