http://www.spatial.com/misc/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy | Spatial
Skip to main content
Accelerate 3D Innovation
Home
Search form
SearchSearch
Toggle navigation
Why Spatial +Resources
Case Studies
Newsletter
In the News
Glossary
Partner Program
University Program
Company
About Us
Careers
Management
Events
Solutions +Analysis
Cloud
Mobile
Industries & Markets +Building Information Modeling
AEC
BIM
Manufacturing
Additive Manufacturing
CAD
CAE
CAM
EDA
Manufacturing and Fabrication
Metrology
Robotics
Process Power and Marine
Shipbuilding
Development Tools +3D Data Translation
BIM Interop
3D InterOp
STL File Format
3D-XML File Format
CATPART File Format
IGES File Format
STEP File Format
3D Modeling
3D ACIS Modeler
CGM Core Modeler
Constraint Design Solver
3D Visualization
HOOPS Visualize
3D Add-Ons
3D Precise Mesh
CGM HLR
CGM Polyhedra
Defeaturing
Professional Services
AGM
CAD Conversion Software
CGM Technologies +CGM Core Modeler
CGM HLR
CGM Polyhedra
Developer District +Product Documentation
Downloads
Support Login
Support Services
Technical eBooks & Whitepapers
Technical Webinars & Tutorials
Blog
Contact
Downloads
Support
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy lets You (as defined below) know how Dassault Systèmes Spatial Corp collects and uses Your Personal Data and how You can control its use
Dassault Systèmes Spatial Corp., a Delaware corporation, with headquarters at 310 Interlocken Parkway, Suite 200, Broomfield, CO 80021-3468 USA, (hereinafter “Spatial”) processes Personal Data (as defined below) in the course of its business, including the Personal Data of people using and browsing this website (the "Site").
1. SCOPE OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy sets forth the principles and guidelines governing the protection of Your Personal Data including the Personal Data collected on or through the Site and concerning users of our products and services and the Sites’ visitors and users ("You" or "Your").
Spatial collects Personal Data either online or offline (e.g., via a business card voluntarily given to a Spatial employee) and this Privacy Policy is applicable regardless of the means of collection or processing.
Personal data ("Personal Data") means any information relating to an identified or identifiable person. An identifiable person is a person who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identification number or to one or more factors specific to the person.
Non-Personal Data means any information that does not result in the identification of a person.
For visitors and users of the Site: Use of this Site is subject to Terms of Use which can be found on this Site and which are incorporated into this Privacy Policy. Your use of this Site and any Personal Data You provide on this Site are subject to the terms of this Privacy Policy and those Terms of Use.
2. DATA COLLECTED
a. Visitors
Visitors are individuals who visit the Site without registering themselves. Their Personal Data likely includes:
IP address
contents of cookies (as described below) and
any other Personal Data as may be relevant for the purposes listed below.
b. Users
Personal Data collected (including from those who visit Sites and enter information) for the purposes listed below likely includes:
Title;
first and last name;
postal address;
email address;
telephone number(s);
login and password;
university, degree and courses taken;
type of organization (company, school, university, etc.), organization name, organization size, department and job title;
industry and industry sub-industry sectors;
people to whom purchases must be shipped;
financial data (credit card number and expiry date, name and address of the cardholder);
IP and/or MAC address;
Cookies (as described in Article 10) and
any other Personal Data as may be relevant for the purposes listed below.
In all cases, however, the Personal Data gathered is limited to data necessary for the purposes described in Article 4 below.
For visitors and users of the Site: in order to use certain functions and features of the Site, Spatial requires that You provide certain Personal Data when visiting or using the Site. You are free to decide whether or not to provide all or part of Your Personal Data. However, if You choose not to provide all or part of this Personal Data, the purposes as described in Article 4 hereafter might not be achieved or not properly achieved, some areas and functions of the Site may not function properly and/or You may be refused access to certain pages on the Site. In particular, You will not be authorized to purchase software licenses or other products or services via the Site.
3. PROTECTION OF PERSONAL DATA CONCERNING CHILDREN
Spatial products and services are not designed to be marketed to children under the age of 13 and Spatial does not knowingly collect or store Personal Data from children under the age of 13. Additionally, Spatial will not collect or store Personal Data, or send email marketing messages to those who are 13, 14, and 15 years old unless permitted by the local data protection laws.
If parents or guardians become aware that their child has provided Spatial with Personal Data without their consent or without a teacher’s or school administrator’s consent, they can ask Spatial to remove such Personal Data and terminate the child’s account by sending an email to: info_spatial@Spatial.com.
If Spatial becomes aware that it has collected Personal Data from a child below the age of consent under local data protection laws without consent from a parent or guardian, Spatial will take steps to seek the parent’s consent for that processing or to remove such Personal Data and terminate the child’s account.
4. PURPOSES OF COLLECTION OF PERSONAL DATA
Whether You are a visitor or a user, Spatial collects Your Personal Data on the following legal grounds and for the following purposes:
Processing activities based on Your consent:
To improve Your user experience;
To recognize that You have already provided certain  Personal Data so You don't need to do it for every web page requested;
Processing activities based on Spatial’s legitimate interest:
To enable Spatial to manage surveys.
In addition, when You are a user, Spatial collects Your Personal Data on the following legal grounds and for the following purposes:
Processing activities based on Your prior consent:
To enable You to request and receive information on Spatial and Spatial products and services from Spatial or a third-party engaged by Spatial;
To ascertain Your requirements and interests and provide You with the most suitable products and/or services;
To enable Spatial to manage its marketing activities
To enable You to register for a seminar, webinar, or event;
To enable You to enter a contest;
To enable You to create a user profile. Spatial provides You with the ability to use its Site (including forums, blogs, and networks), and Spatial products and services that require You to register and create a user account. User profiles provide You with the option to display personal information about You to other users, including but not limited to Your name, photo, social media accounts, postal or email address, or both, telephone number, personal interests, skills, and basic information about Your company. These profiles may relate to the Site or may also allow You to access Spatial products and services, or both.
Spatial may provide some strictly necessary personal data such as a hashed user ID to third-party operated social networks or other web offerings (such as Twitter, LinkedIn, Facebook, Instagram, or Google) where this information is matched against the social networks’ own databases in order to  provide more relevant information to You.
Processing based on Spatial’s legitimate interest:
To enable Spatial to manage its marketing activities for similar goods and products if You are already using Spatial products and services;
To manage Spatial obligations related to applicable export laws, trade sanctions, and embargoes issued, without limitation, by the European Union and its member states, and of the United States of America. This may include (i) automated checks of any user registration data as set out herein and other information You provide about Your identity against applicable sanctioned-party lists; (ii) regular repetition of such checks whenever a sanctioned-party list is updated or when You update Your information; (iii) blocking of access to Spatial services and systems in case of a potential match; and (iv) contacting You to confirm Your identity in case of a potential match;
To manage 3DS’ Anti-Piracy and Compliance  program.
Processing based on the performance of a contract:
To provide You with personalized, interactive use of the Site;
To allow You to open and maintain an account in order to obtain specialized documentation and technical assistance;
To access all the features and options offered by the Site;
To enable You to exchange with other users of the Site;
To enable Spatial to manage its business relationships, including sales opportunities, commercial offers,  purchasing, contracts, orders, invoices,  which may include conversational data triggered via chat functionalities on the Site, contact forms, emails, and voice messaging data;
To provide You with commercial or support-type services;
To enable You to purchase software licenses, or products or services, download software and/or register software licenses; and
To manage Your training and/or certification on Spatial products and services. Spatial may also track users’ learning progress in order to make this information available to them.
Generally, when consent is not required, You cannot opt out of non-marketing related communications that are required for the relevant business relationship. With regard to marketing-related communications (e.g., emails and phone calls), Spatial will (i) where legally required, only send You such communications after You have opted in, and (ii) provide You the opportunity to opt out of receiving further marketing-related communications from Spatial.
When You register for an event organized by Spatial, Spatial may share Your name, company, and email address with other participants and sponsors of the same event for the purpose of communication and the exchange of ideas. In addition, Spatial may ask You for information about Your health for the sole purpose of identifying and being considerate of individuals who have disabilities or special dietary requirements throughout the event.
Subject to applicable local law, by providing Personal Data such as but not limited to e-mail address, You hereby expressly authorize Spatial and its affiliates and subsidiaries (“3DS Group Companies”) to use it together with other relevant Personal Data to send You commercial or marketing communications. Spatial might also use Your email address for administrative or other non-marketing purposes (for example, to notify You of significant changes to the Sites). Within the 3DS Anti-Piracy and Compliance program, 3DS Group Companies may collect and use Your Personal Data together with additional relevant Personal Data collected through other processing activities.
5. PERSONAL DATA RETENTION PERIOD
Spatial does not store Your Personal Data for more time than necessary. Retention periods may vary depending on the data categories and the processing activities.
Where Spatial is processing and using Your Personal Data as permitted by law or under your consent, Spatial will store Your Personal Data (i) only as long as required to fulfill the purposes set out above, (ii) where Spatial has a legitimate interest in using Your Personal Data, until You object to Spatial’ use of Your Personal Data, or (iii) where You gave Your consent, until You withdraw it. However, where Spatial is required by applicable law to retain Your Personal Data longer or where Your Personal Data is required to assert or defend against legal claims, Spatial will retain Your Personal Data until the end of the relevant retention period or until the claims in question have been settled.
6. TRANSFER OF PERSONAL DATA
If You are accessing the Site from a location outside of the United States,  please note that through Your continued use of the Site, which is governed by the laws of the State of Colorado, the corresponding Terms of Use and this Privacy Policy, You are transferring Your Personal Data to the United States and You consent to that transfer.
As a member of a global group, Spatial is able to use available technology to efficiently manage Personal Data and obtain such Personal Data online or otherwise throughout its affiliates’ international operations. Your Personal Data may be disclosed to and used by a3DS Group Company for the purposes stated in Article 4 of this Privacy Policy.
Where Spatial has knowledge that a third party to which Spatial has provided Personal Data for the purposes listed in Article 4 above, is using or disclosing Personal Data contrary to this Privacy Policy or to applicable laws, Spatial will take reasonable steps to prevent or stop such use or disclosure.
You will have the opportunity to decide whether You authorize Spatial to use Your Personal Data for a purpose which is different than the purpose for which it was originally collected.
Spatial will also disclose Your Personal Data to third parties if Spatial determines that such disclosure is necessary for technical reasons (such as hosting services by a third party) or to protect Spatial’s legal interests (such as in the event of a sale of assets to a third company, or a change of control or a total or partial liquidation of Spatial).
Additionally, Spatial may share Your personal Data with the reseller assigned to You or in the territory where You are located for the purpose of Spatial business. Spatial may also share Your Personal Data with business partners when Spatial and the business partner sponsor an event together or participate in a marketing promotion together and in which You engage.
Spatial may also disclose Your Personal Data if required by law or if Spatial believes in good faith that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to comply with legal process (for example, a warrant, a subpoena, or other court order) or protect the rights, property, or personal safety of Spatial, our customers, or the public.
If allowed by applicable law, Spatial may also share Your Personal Data with third parties in order to offer You targeted marketing or advertising.
These transfers may be transmitted over the internet or by any other method which Spatial determines is appropriate and in accordance with applicable law.
7. RIGHT OF ACCESS TO AND RECTIFICATION OF THE DATA, AND OTHER RIGHTS
Spatial will take reasonable steps to ensure that the Personal Data collected is used for the purposes stated in this Privacy Policy and that such Personal Data is correct and up to date.
You have a right to access Your Personal Data. In addition, You have a right to request the rectification, completion, update and erasure of Your Personal Data. You also have a right to obtain a copy of the Personal Data stored by Spatial.
If You have an account, You can exercise Your rights of access to and rectification of the Personal Data by logging on to Your account. Otherwise, You may exercise Your rights of access to and rectification of the data by sending an email to the following address: info_spatial@3ds.com.
Depending on the scope of the request, Spatial reserves the right to charge a reasonable fee to cover any out-of-pocket costs incurred in connection with such access, modification and deletion of Personal Data. Spatial may deny access to Personal Data in limited circumstances, defined by applicable laws and regulations.
8. DATA SECURITY
Spatial undertakes to ensure the protection and security of Personal Data that You choose to communicate, in order to ensure the confidentiality of Your Personal Data and prevent Your Personal Data from being distorted, damaged, destroyed or disclosed to unauthorized parties. Spatial maintains reasonable physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect Personal Data from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alternation and destruction. As part of those safeguards, Spatial employs sophisticated technology designed to protect Personal Data during its transmission and prevent transmission errors or unauthorized acts of third parties. However, while Spatial strives to protect Your Personal Data, in light of the inevitable risks of data transmission over the internet, Spatial cannot guarantee full protection against any error occurring during the course of Personal Data transmission that is beyond Spatial's reasonable control.
Since all Personal Data is confidential, except as otherwise set forth herein , access is limited to employees, contractors and agents of Spatial or 3DS Group Companies who have a need to know such data in carrying out their tasks. All the people at Spatial or 3DS Group Companies who have access to Your Personal Data are bound by a duty of confidentiality and subject to disciplinary actions and/or other sanctions if they fail to meet these obligations.
However, it is important for You to exercise caution to prevent unauthorized access to Your Personal Data. You are responsible for the confidentiality of Your password and information appearing on Your account. Consequently, You must ensure that You log out of Your session in the event of shared use of a computer.
9. COOKIES
The Site may use cookies-or other technologies (together referred to as “cookies”) which may collect or store Personal Data. Cookies are text files stored and used to record non-personal and Personal Data concerning Your browsing of the Site. Cookies can be either permanent (and remain after You logoff from the Site in order to be used on Your subsequent visits to the Site) or temporary (and disappear as soon as You logoff from the Site).
Spatial may use cookies in order to:
improve Your user experience through, for example:
enabling a service to recognize your device so You don't have to give the same information several times during one task;
recognizing that You may already have given a username and password so you don't need to do it for every web page requested;
analyze traffic and data on the Site to:
measure how many people are using services, so they can be made easier to use and make sure there is enough capacity to ensure they are fast;
help Spatial understand how users interact with services so Spatial can make them better.
Spatial may also use third party service providers (such as Adobe Analytics, Google Analytics, Piwik, DART, LinkedIn, etc.) to measure and analyze the effectiveness of the Site, and in particular to:
analyze Your browsing habits and measure the Site’s audience,
analyze Your interests and offer You targeted marketing or advertising,
allow You to share content from the Site with other people on social networks or to let these other people know what You are looking at or what You think (e.g. the “Like” button on Facebook)
In such a case, cookies provided by such third party vendors may be used and stored. By transmitting the information generated by these cookies, the cookies’ settings ensure that IP address is anonymized before geo-localization and before storage. Our providers will use this information for the evaluation of Your use of the Site, compiling reports on the Site’s activity for Spatial, to propose better services to You which are geared towards Your needs, and propose advertisements to You which are geared towards Your needs. They will not associate Your IP address with any other data they store.
When you browse the Site, cookies are enabled by default and data may be read or stored locally on your device if Your browser settings allow. Spatial will notify You of the use of cookies the first time You access the Site, with a different device. Spatial will not install any cookies before obtaining Your explicit consent. You may decide to accept or refuse some or all cookies. You can configure Your browser software to refuse all cookies (including cookies used for web analytics services); if You do so, however, some areas and features of the Site may not function properly and/or You may not be able to access some parts or services of the Site.
You can set Your preferences  here and learn more about cookies here.
10. LINKS TO WEBSITES NOT CONTROLLED BY SPATIAL
The Site might offer links to third party websites that may be of interest to You.
Spatial does not exercise any control over the content of third party websites or the practices of these third parties in connection with the protection of Personal Data that they might collect and are thus not in the control of Spatial. Consequently, Spatial declines all liability for the content of third party websites or the practices of these third parties concerning the protection of Personal Data.
It is therefore Your responsibility to inform yourself of the privacy policies of these third parties.
11. DISPUTE RESOLUTION
Although Spatial has put in place reasonable safeguards to protect Personal Data, we recognize that there is no method of transmitting or storing Personal Data that is completely secure.
However, Spatial is committed to ensure the privacy of Personal Data: if You have a reason to believe that the security of Your Personal Data has been compromised or misused, You should contact Spatial via the following email address: info_spatial@3ds.com.
Spatial will investigate and attempt to resolve complaints regarding use and disclosure of Personal Data in accordance with the principles contained in this Privacy Policy.
Unauthorized access to Personal Data or the improper use of Personal Data may constitute offenses under local law.
If Your usual place of residence is in European Union, Lichtenstein, Norway or Iceland, You have a right to file a complaint with Your competent data protection authority.
12. CONTACT
For any additional question concerning this Privacy Policy, to opt out of receiving information from Spatial or any request for rectification, completion, update, or deletion of Your Personal Data You may send an email to the following email address: info_spatial@3ds.com.
Please note that You may also contact the 3DS Group Companies Data Protection Officer via the following address: 3DS.Compliance-Privacy@3ds.com
13. DATE OF ENTRY INTO FORCE OF THE PRIVACY POLICY AND CHANGES TO IT
This Privacy Policy may be updated according to Spatial's requirements and circumstances, or where required by applicable laws and regulations so please check back periodically for updates.
Last modification: This Privacy Policy was modified on October  4th,  2019
REQUEST AN EVALUATION
DOWNLOAD TECHNICAL WHITEPAPERS
READ SPATIAL BLEND NEWSLETTER
WATCH TECHNICAL WEBINARS
Featured Video
Customers
eBooks & Whitepapers
Download technical eBooks and whitepapers on topics including industry challenges and product solutions.
In the News
April 23, 2020
Spatial Announces the General Availability of Release 2020 1.0.1
January 29, 2020
Launch of Canvas X³ CADComposer Bridges 2D and 3D Technical Illustration
November 6, 2019
Spatial Announces the General Availability of Release 2020 1.0
May 6, 2019
Spatial and Continuous Composites Announce Strategic Partnership
April 30, 2019
Canvas GFX and Spatial Team up to Bring CAD Support to Canvas X
View All news releases
SPATIAL BLEND NEWSLETTER
A quarterly e-Newsletter highlighting industry trends, and includes articles from Spatial developers. Sign up to receive The Spatial Blend.
©2020 Dassault Systèmes, Spatial Corp.ACIS, 3DScript and SAT are registered trademarks of Spatial Corp.     Privacy Policy     Piracy Prevention     Site Map