http://www.bucknell.edu/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Search & Additional Links
Close Icon
Close
Search
Search
Additional Links
Submenu
Meet Bucknell
Plus Icon (Large)
Plan a Visit
Outcomes
Bucknell Stories
Bucknell Magazine
Bucknell Leadership
Fast Facts
Class Pages
History & Traditions
Admissions & Aid
Plus Icon (Large)
Request Information
Apply to Bucknell
Tuition, Fees & Financial Aid
Admissions Dates & Deadlines
Virtual Welcome Center
Campus Tours
Open Houses
I've Been Admitted
Find Your Counselor
Office of Admissions
Office of Financial Aid
Admissions Blog & Podcast
Academics
Plus Icon (Large)
Majors & Minors
College of Arts & Sciences
College of Engineering
Freeman College of Management
Undergraduate Research Opportunities
Beyond the Classroom
Graduate Studies
For Current Students
Life at Bucknell
Plus Icon (Large)
Reopening 2020-21
First-year Experience
Housing Services
Dining Services
Health, Wellness & Safety
Diversity, Equity & Inclusion
Sustainability
Athletics
Arts & Performances
Get Involved
Commencement
Find Information For...
Plus Icon (Large)
Prospective Students
Parents of Prospective Students
Current Students
Current Parents & Families
Prospective Employees
Faculty & Staff
Neighbors
Alumni
Donors
Find information for
Search & More
Prospective Students
Parents of Prospective Students
Current Students
Current Parents & Families
Prospective Employees
Faculty & Staff
Neighbors
Alumni
Donors
Utility Links
Apply
Support Bucknell
External Link Icon
Calendar
News
Bison Athletics
External Link Icon
myBucknell
External Link Icon
Helpful Links
Faculty & Staff A-Z Directory
Office A-Z Directory
Library
External Link Icon
Bookstore
External Link Icon
Bison Athletics
External Link Icon
Emergency Information
For the Media
External Link Icon
Feedback
@BucknellU Social Media Accounts
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
YouTube
@IAmRayBucknell Social Media Accounts
Instagram
Breadcrumb
Bucknell University
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy StatementBucknell University's Internet and Web Services, comprising but not limited to the hosts in the bucknell.edu domain, are committed to protecting the privacy and confidentiality of our site users. Collecting information is an inherent part of the normal operation of our sites. This Statement describes what information is collected, how and why it is collected, and how it may be used.
Server logsBucknell's services collect and store information sent by the Web browser when it makes a request for Web content. Collected information may include the Internet Protocol (IP) address of  a user's computer, or by the firewall or proxy server of the user's network; the hostname associated with that address; the date and time the browser made the request; what page or file was requested; the page the browser "came from" immediately before the request; and "User agent" information, which normally includes the browser software and operating system the computer is currently running.These logs are stored for the purpose of analyzing trends in how people are using our systems. With this information we identify heavy use periods, the most common Web browsers, the most popular content on our sites, and other related information that helps us improve the usefulness and performance of our Web services.Electronic mail and messaging software
When a user contacts a representative of Bucknell using electronic mail (email) or an Instant Messaging service, information included in that message may be used to respond to the message or to provide a requested service or information. The message, or information in it, may be shared with other employees of the university. Information collected in this way, including email addresses and messaging usernames, is never distributed to persons or organizations outside Bucknell unless necessary to fulfill a request. Bucknell does not give or sell lists of email addresses for commercial purposes.CookiesSome of our sites create a "cookie," a record on your device's own hard disk, which makes it possible for our sites to recognize that a specific device has made previous requests. Doing so facilitates your future access to the site.SurveysBucknell may occasionally conduct online surveys of its user base, which may include both campus community members and users who are not directly affiliated with Bucknell. As part of such surveys we may, with the user's permission, collect personal and potentially identifying information. Any information gathered in this way is used for quantitive analysis of services, perceived qualities of the university, and users' attitudes towards Bucknell or its Internet sites. If such information is to be made available to other organizations or to be published, that fact will be made known to users prior to participation and their permission will be explicitly requested. Users can decline to participate. Survey information will be released only in aggregate form, and not in connection with any identified individual user.Marketing informationBucknell may collect information from a user, with the user's permission, for the purpose of providing various services and information, possibly including promotional materials, or periodic updates on offered services or the progress of a previous request. Information collected in this way may be shared with other persons or departments within the university, but will not be shared in any way with persons or organizations that are not part of Bucknell, unless necessary to fulfill a user's request (for example, providing credit card information to a payment processor to complete a payment transaction).Outside linksMuch of Bucknell's Web content includes links to content on Internet servers belonging to other persons or organizations, and not to Bucknell. Bucknell can not control or make any representation concerning those persons' or organizations' collection and use of personal information.Circumstances beyond our controlThis Statement explains how information collected from users is used by Bucknell. However, it is not a guarantee of privacy. It is possible for collected information to be disclosed without the university's permission or knowledge (for example, if an Internet host is "attacked", or is compromised by a virus). For this reason Bucknell disclaims any warranty or representation of privacy or non-disclosure of information collected through the use of our Internet sites.Changes to this PolicyThis Privacy Policy may be amended from time to time. Any such changes will be posted on this page.How to Contact UsShould you have other questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, please send us an e-mail at: digitalcommunications@bucknell.edu.
Want to learn more about Bucknell?
Request information
Arrow Icon