http://www.insert.gr/privacy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Updated on: Feb 15, 2019
Welcome to ‘INSERT’, Sole Proprietorship. Your privacy is important to us.
INSERT, and its affiliates (“Insert.gr, Sole Proprietorship”, “us”, “our” or “we”) are dedicated to protecting the privacy rights of our users (“users” or “you”). This Privacy Policy (the “Policy”) describes the ways we collect, store, use and manage the information, including personal information, that you provide or we collect in connection with our websites at www.insert.gr and www.legalradiation.com (the “Sites”) or any related INSERT software applications provided on a mobile platform (for example, iOS and Android)(collectively, the “Services”). Please note that the scope of this Policy is limited to information collected or received by INSERT through your use of the Services. INSERT is not responsible for the actions of third party people or companies, the content of their sites, the use of information you provide to them or any products or services they may offer. Any link to those sites does not constitute our sponsorship of, or affiliation with, those people or companies.
By using the Services, you are expressing your agreement to this Policy and the processing of your data, including your personal information, in the manner provided in this Policy. If you do not agree to these terms, please do not use the Services.
If you have questions or concerns about this Policy or our privacy practices, please contact us at insert@insert.gr.
Information Collection and Use
INSERT collects information as described below. INSERT’s primary goals in collecting and using information are to create your account, provide Services to you, improve our Services, contact you, conduct research and create reports for internal use. We store information on servers and equipment located in Canada, USA and other countries.
In order to use our community forum, you must register and provide a username, password and email address.
INSERT’ Sites
While you are browsing INSERT’ Sites, your computer’s operating system, Internet Protocol (IP) address, access times, browser type and language and referring website addresses may be logged automatically. We may use this information to monitor, develop and analyze your use of the Services. In addition, we may ask you to submit and we may process data that is personal to you, including but not limited to your name, profile photo, gender, age or birthday, links to your profiles on social networking websites and other third party sites, user names and e-mail and mail addresses. We may use this information to create a user profile and provide you Services. We may use your email address to contact you about your experience with INSERT’ Services and notify you about our news and promotions. Your gender and birthday may be used to analyze user trends and target certain promotions. Your mail address may be used if we have merchandise or other physical promotional materials that we want to send to you. If you no longer wish to receive these types of promotional materials, you may opt-out from receiving them at any time by emailing us at insert@insert.gr.
Forums/Private Messages
Our Sites offer publicly accessible blogs, private messages or community forums. You should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read, collected and used by others who access them. To request removal of your personal information from our blog or community forum, contact us at insert@insert.gr. In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why.
If you choose to use Facebook Connect to use our blog or community forums, the information you provide is tied to your Facebook account. You will need to contact Facebook directly in order to request removal of personal information from our blog or community forum.
Social Media (Features) and Widgets
Our Sites include Social Media Features, such as the Facebook Like button, and Widgets, such as the Share button or interactive mini-programs that run on our Sites. These Features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our Sites, and may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly. Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Sites. Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
iOS and Android Platforms
When you use any of the INSERT’s games or applications on a mobile platform, we may collect and record certain information such as your unique device ID (persistent/non-persistent), hardware type, media access control (“MAC”) address, international mobile equipment identity (“IMEI”), the version of your operating system (“OS”), your device name, your email address (if you have connected to Facebook or Google+), and your location (based on your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address). This information is useful to us for troubleshooting and helps us understand usage trends.
We may collect your location based information for the purpose of providing you with the correct version of the application and so you may interact with other users of the games. We will not share this information with any third party without your permission. If you no longer wish to allow us to track or use this information, you may turn it off by changing your device settings. Please note, the application may not work properly if we are unable to tell where you are located.
In addition, we create a unique user ID to track your use of our Services. This unique user ID is stored in connection with your profile information to track the INSERT’s games you are playing.
Facebook Connect, Game Center and Google+
You can log in to our Sites using sign-in services (“SN Service”) such as Facebook Connect, LinkedIn, Apple’s Game Center, or an Open ID provider. These services will authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share certain personal information with us such as your name, email address, and resume to pre-populate our sign up form. Services like Facebook Connect give you the option to post information about your activities on this website to your profile page to share with others within your network.
We may collect and record information through the SN Service in accordance with the policies and terms of that SN Service. The information we collect when you connect your user account to an SN Service may include: (1) your name, (2) your SN Service user identification number and/or user name, (3) locale, city, state and country, (4) sex, (5) birth date, (6) email address, (7) profile picture or its URL and (8) the SN Service user identification numbers for your friends that are also connected to the INSERT’s game(s).
If you want us to delete the data we receive from Facebook, Game Center or Google+ about you, please contact us at insert@insert.gr.
Invite a Friend
INSERT may offer you the opportunity to invite your contacts from a SN Service (such as your Facebook friends) so that those contacts can be located in INSERT’s games and/or you can invite them to join you in INSERT’s games. Such contact information will be used only for the purpose of sending communications to the addressee. You or the third party may contact us at insert@insert.gr to request the removal of this information from our database to the extent INSERT stores any of this information.
Customer Service
We may collect your email address when you contact our customer service group and we may use that email address to contact you about your gaming experience with INSERT games and notify you about company news and promotions. If you no longer wish to receive certain email notifications you may opt-out at any time by following the unsubscribe link located at the bottom of each communication or by emailing us at insert@insert.gr.
Push Notifications
We may occasionally send you push notifications through our mobile applications to send you game updates, high scores and other service related notifications that may be of importance to you. You may at any time opt-out from receiving these types of communications by changing your device settings.
Game Data Collection
Whenever you play our games, we collect data about all of your interactions with the game and with the other players inside the game via server log files. This information may be associated with your player ID, IP address or device ID for the purpose of providing you our Services and improving them. This data is stored on servers located in the United States and other countries. With your permission, we may also collect your exact location so that we are able to match you with other players in your area.
Other Collection
We may also acquire information from you through (1) your access and participation in message boards on the Services, (2) your participation in surveys regarding the Services or (3) your participation in a sweepstakes or contest through the Services.
We may provide you the opportunity to participate in a sweepstakes or contest through our Services. If you participate, we will request certain personal information from you. Participation in these sweepstakes and contests is voluntary and you therefore have a choice whether or not to disclose this information. The requested information typically includes contact information (such as name and shipping address) and demographic information (such as zip or postal code).
We use this information to notify winners and award prizes, to monitor traffic or personalize the Services. We may use a third party service provider to conduct these sweepstakes or contests; that company is prohibited from using your users’ personal information for any other purpose.
Tracking Technologies
We and our marketing and outsourcing partners, affiliates or analytics service providers use technologies such as cookies, beacons, scripts and tags to identify a user’s computer or device and to “remember” things about your visit, such as your preferences or a user name and password. Information contained in a cookie may be linked to your personal information, such as your user ID, for purposes such as improving the quality of our Services, tailoring recommendations to your interests and making the Services easier to use. You can disable cookies at any time, although you may not be able to access or use features of the Services.
We may feature advertisements served by third parties that deliver cookies to your computer or device so the content you access and advertisements you see can be tracked. Since the third party advertising companies associate your computer or device with a number, they will be able to recognize your computer or device each time they send you an advertisement. These advertisers may use information about your visits to our Services and third party sites and applications in order to measure advertisement performance and to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. This Policy does not apply to, and we are not responsible for, the data collection practices of these third party advertisers, and we encourage you to check their privacy policies to learn more about their use of cookies and other technology.
You may contact us at insert@insert.gr for information on how to opt-out of the use of cookies for the delivery of more relevant advertising.
Mobile Analytics
We use mobile analytics software to allow us to better understand the functionality of our mobile software on your device. This software may record information such as how often you use the application, the events that occur within the application, aggregated usage, performance data and where the application was downloaded. We do not link the information we store within the analytics software to any personal information you submit within the mobile application.
Facebook Analytics / Facebook SDK
We use Facebook SDK only to measure and balance the cost of our advertising campaigns and Facebook Analytics only to measure general data by the users behaviour in the game (like which level they reached, how many times they played the game etc.) without collecting any personal information. We don`t use Facebook Login or collect any personal data through the Facebook SDK.
Third Party Services
Our Services may contain third party tracking tools from our service providers, examples of which include Google Analytics and Unity Analytics by Unity3d. Such third parties may use cookies, APIs and SDKs in our Services to enable them to collect and analyze user information on our behalf. The third parties may have access to information such as your device identifier, MAC address, IMEI, locale (specific location where a given language is spoken), geo-location information and IP address for the purpose of providing their services under their respective privacy policies. This Policy does not cover the use of tracking tools from third parties. We do not have access or control over these third parties.
Please refer to our list of analytics partners within the Services and for more information on how to opt-out at: insert@insert.gr.
Ad Networks
We may feature advertising within our Services. The advertisers may collect and use information about you, such as your session activity, device identifier, MAC address, IMEI, geo-location information and IP address. They may use this information to provide advertisements of interest to you. Please refer to our list of partners within the Services and for more information on how to opt-out at: insert@insert.gr.
In addition, you may see our games advertised in other services. After clicking on one of these advertisements and installing our game, you will become a user of our Services. In order to verify the installs, a device identifier may be shared with the advertiser.
How We Use Information
We use information collected through our Services for purposes described in this Policy or disclosed to you in connection with our Services. For example, we may use your information to:
create game accounts and allow users to play our games;
identify and suggest connections with other INSERT users;
operate and improve our Services;
understand you and your preferences to enhance your experience and enjoyment using our Services;
respond to your comments and questions and provide customer service;
provide and deliver products and services you request;
send you related information, including confirmations, invoices, technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages;
communicate with you about promotions, rewards, upcoming events and other news about products and services offered by INSERT and our selected partners;
enable you to communicate with other users; and
link or combine it with other information we get from third parties, to help understand your preferences and provide you with better Services.
Disclosure of Your Information
INSERT does not share your personal information except as approved by you or as described below:
With your consent, for example, when you agree to our sharing your information with other third parties for their own marketing purposes subject to their separate privacy policies. If you no longer wish to allow us to share your information with third parties, please contact us at insert@insert.gr. If you no longer wish to receive such communications from third parties, please contact that third party directly.
INSERT may engage other companies and individuals to perform services on our behalf. Example of these services include analyzing data and providing customer support. These agents and service providers may have access to your personal information in connection with the performance of services for INSERT.
We may release your information as permitted by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or when we believe that release is appropriate to comply with the law, investigate fraud, respond to a government request, enforce or apply our rights, or protect the rights, property or safety of us or our users or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection.
INSERT may share your information in connection with any merger, sale of our assets or a financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company. You will be notified via email and/or notice on our Sites of any change in ownership or users of your personal information.
We may share aggregate or anonymous information about you with advertisers, publishers, business partners, sponsors and other third parties.
Changes to the Policy
We may update this Policy from time to time to reflect changes to our information practices. If we make any material changes we will notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on this Site prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
Security
INSERT takes reasonable measures to protect your information from unauthorized access or against loss, misuse or alteration by third parties.
Although we make good faith efforts to store the information collected on the Services in a secure operating environment that is not available to the public, we cannot guarantee the absolute security of that information during its transmission or its storage on our systems. Further, while we attempt to ensure the integrity and security of our network and systems, we cannot guarantee that our security measures will prevent third-party “hackers” from illegally obtaining access to this information. We do not warrant or represent that your information will be protected against, loss, misuse or alteration by third parties. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Access to Personal Information
If your personal information changes, or if you no longer desire our Services, you may correct, update or delete inaccuracies by making the change within your account settings or by contacting us at insert@insert.gr. We will respond to your access request within 30 days.
Data Retention
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you Services. If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you Services, contact us at insert@insert.gr. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our agreements.
Our Policy Regarding Children
We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to use our Services. If you are under 13, please do not send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number or email address. No one under the age of 13 may provide any personal information. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under the age of 13, please contact us at insert@insert.gr.
Opting Out of Marketing
You may opt-out of receiving promotional emails from us by following the instructions in those emails or by emailing us at insert@insert.gr. If you opt-out, we may still send you non-promotional emails, such as emails about your accounts or our ongoing business relations.
You may also opt-out of receiving SMS notifications from us, either via SMS or by emailing us at insert@insert.gr.
International Transfer
We may transfer information that we collect about you to affiliated entities, or to other third parties across borders and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around the world. Please note that these countries and jurisdictions may not have the same data protection laws as your own jurisdiction, and we take steps to ensure adequate safeguards are in place to enable transfer of information to the U.S. and elsewhere and the use and disclosure of information about you, including personal information, as described in this Policy.
About cookies
A cookie is a file containing an identifier (a string of letters and numbers) that is sent by a web server to a web browser and is stored by the browser. The identifier is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server.
Cookies may be either “persistent” cookies or “session” cookies: a persistent cookie will be stored by a web browser and will remain valid until its set expiry date, unless deleted by the user before the expiry date; a session cookie, on the other hand, will expire at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed.
Cookies do not typically contain any information that personally identifies a user, but personal information that we store about you may be linked to the information stored in and obtained from cookies.
Cookies that we use on our websites
We use cookies (google analytics by Google Inc.) only for analytics purposes.
Cookies used by our service providers on our websites
Our service providers use cookies and those cookies may be stored on your computer when you visit our website.
We use google analytics to analyze the use of our website. Google analytics gathers information about website use by means of cookies. The information gathered relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of our website. Google’s privacy policy is available at: https://www.Google.Com/policies/privacy/ .
The relevant cookies we use are:
_ga: registers a unique id that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the web site. Expires after 2 years
_gid: registers a unique id that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the web site. Expires after session
_gat: used to throttle request rate. Expires after session
Collect: used to send data to google analytics about the visitor’s device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Cookie type is pixel. Expires after session
Managing cookies on our websites
Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies and to delete cookies. The methods for doing so vary from browser to browser, and from version to version. You can however obtain up-to-date information about blocking and deleting cookies via
These links:
(a) https://support.Google.Com/chrome/answer/95647?Hl=en (chrome);(b) https://support.Mozilla.Org/en-us/kb/enable-and-disable-cookies-website-preferences (firefox);(c) http://www.Opera.Com/help/tutorials/security/cookies/ (opera);(d) https://support.Microsoft.Com/en-gb/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookies (internet explorer);(e) https://support.Apple.Com/kb/ph21411 (safari); and(f) https://privacy.Microsoft.Com/en-us/windows-10-microsoft-edge-and-privacy (edge).
Blocking all cookies will have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites.
If you block cookies, you will not be able to use all the features on our website.
Cookie preferences
To opt out of being tracked by google analytics across all websites visit http://tools.Google.Com/dlpage/gaoptout
Our Details / Contact Information
This website is owned and operated by ‘INSERT’, Sole Proprietorship56 Esperidon str.18451 Nikaia, Greece
You can contact us:(a) using our website contact form(b) by email: insert@insert.gr(c) by phone: +302104256498
Contact person about private information:Stam SarrisAddress: 56 Esperidon str. 18451 Nikaia, GreeceTel: +306973024129E-mail: insert@insert.gr
If you have any questions about this Policy, please contact us at insert@insert.gr
ALL SERVICES
OUR GAMES DEVELOPMENT GROUP
CONTACT
'INSERT'`s website uses cookies for analytics. No personal information is stored, but you can opt-out if you wish. Accept Read More