http://www.softlock.net/special-pages/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Softlock Inc. is concerned about your privacy and has
developed a policy to address privacy concerns. We respect your
privacy. For that reason, we'd like to tell you how we treat
information that you may provide us when you visit our web site.
Except as described below, we do not capture personal data about
our site's visitors. We may collect information about the length of
time you browse our site or pages you visit; but, personally
identifying information such as your email address, telephone
number, or company name is recorded only when you give it to us
voluntarily. Our site does contain pages that ask you to identify
yourself for specific reasons. The reasons are clear from the
material on the pages. For example, visitors to our site who are
interested in receiving additional information, viewing demos, or
downloading evaluations are asked to provide information such as
their name, address, phone number and email address. Such
information will only be used for the purpose for which it was
provided. We do not sell or rent your personally identifying
information. We make every reasonable effort not to disclose
personally identifiable information to third parties without your
permission, except in specific situations, (i.e., as necessary to
provide the information, services or products requested), or when
we believe the law requires it. Some of our web pages use
"cookies." A cookie is data that a web server sends to a visitor's
browser. The cookie may then be stored in the visitor's system
files. We do not use cookies to collect personally identifying
information. We may use aggregated data from cookies to understand
load on our server and patterns of browsing on our site, to improve
site maintenance, or to allow for easier use of our site. You can
set both Netscape and Internet Explorer to alert you before
accepting a cookie.
Contact Us
SOLUTIONS
E-Governments
Online Banking
Enterprises Solutions
Software Companies
Multimedia & Games
PKI Solutions
Security Infrastructure
SW & Data Protection
PRODUCTS
Secure Hardware
SW & Data Protection
SERVICES
Information Security Training
Consultancy & Integration
Outsourcing & Recruitment
COMPANY
About SoftLock
Board of Directors
Partners
Clients
Careers
Follow Us
Join our Email List Now
© 2015 All rights reserved. SOFTLOCK - Developed by NetWave
Sitemap
|
Contact Us | Privacy Policy
|
Terms & Conditions