http://www.prosites.com/privacy-policy/
Blog
|
Events
|
888-932-3644
|
Sign In
×
PROSITES
You are about to be re-directed to CPASiteSolutions.com.
ProSites, Inc. serves community-based professionals including dental, medical, veterinary, accounting, and financial practices.
Our accounting and financial line of business is managed under
the CPA Site Solutions brand.
Continue on to CPA Site Solutions
×
PROSITES
You are about to be re-directed to CPASiteSolutions.com.
ProSites, Inc. serves community-based professionals including dental, medical, veterinary, accounting, and financial practices.
Our accounting and financial line of business is managed under
the CPA Site Solutions brand.
Continue on to CPA Site Solutions
Privacy Policy
Last Updated: May 29, 2020
ProSites, Inc. (“ProSites,” “we,” “us,” or “our”) is committed to protecting your privacy.
We collect information through our websites.
This Privacy Notice explains how ProSites collects, uses, and shares your personal information collected via:
Prosites.com
In this Privacy Notice, we refer to prosites.com as the “Website.”
If you do not agree with this Privacy Notice, do not use the Website.
This Privacy Notice only applies to the Website.
It does not apply to third party websites or services linked to the Website, other ProSites websites or services, or offline activities related to ProSites.
By using the Website, you consent to the transfer of this information and to ProSites’ use of your information as explained in this Privacy Notice.
General
We only process your personal information when we have a lawful basis to do so.
For purposes of this Privacy Notice, “personal information” is defined as information that identifies, or can be used to identify, an individual.
We collect personal information from individuals visiting our Website and creating ProSites accounts.
ProSites is the controller of personal information that you provide through the Website.
Our legal bases for processing your personal information include your consent, fulfilment of a contractual obligation, and where we have a legitimate interest to process your personal information, provided that our interests do not outweigh your individual rights and freedoms.
Our legitimate interests include:
Investigating, preventing, and protecting against fraud, security risks, threats to you and others, and violations of this policy;
Verifying your identity and account;
Protecting and defending our rights and properties, including intellectual property;
Complying with laws and regulations that apply to us, as well as responding to requests from law enforcement or government authorities or as otherwise required by law;
Improving your experiences with our products and services;
Understanding and improving our Website, user experience, and customer relationships; and
Enabling our business operations.
Where we rely on your permission to process your personal information, you have the right to change, withdraw, or withhold your consent.
Personal Information Collection
We collect personal information that you choose to share with us, as well as information provided directly by your browser or device when you visit our website.
The personal information we collect will vary depending on how you interact with the Website.
Contact Us
When you contact us via the Website, we ask for your first and last name, email address, company name, phone number, and state.
We will also collect the content of your message, which will include any additional information you choose to share with us and ask you to specify the type of request you are submitting.
We collect this information when you initiate contact with us for the purpose of responding to your communication.
Submit an Application
When you apply for a job with ProSites, we will collect your first and last name, email address, and your preference for notification about future ProSites positions.
We collect this information for the purpose of creating an account with our employment portal, which enables you to apply for jobs and receive notifications when new jobs become available.
After creating an account, we collect your contact information (including telephone number), email and address, and details about your work experience and education.
You may also choose to complete our voluntary self-identification form, which includes information about your ethnicity, sex, and immigration, disability, and veteran status.
We will only collect this information if you choose to complete the form.
We will also collect any information you disclose in your cover letter and resume, which will include any additional personal information you choose to share.
We collect this information for the purpose of evaluating your skills and qualifications against the requirements of the job(s) to which you applied.
Create an Account
When you create an account via the Website, we collect your first and last name, email address, site-specific display name, IP address, GPS location, and electronic signature.
We collect this information for the purpose of establishing your account.
Interact with the Website
If you have created an account, we also collect information about your purchases, account funding, favorite products, customer service inquiries, products reviews, and social networking preferences related to ProSites services (e.g., pages or entities you like, recommend or follow).
We collect this information for the purpose of administering your account, recommending products, and improving your user experience.
Social Media Features and Widgets
Our website includes social media features, such as the Facebook Like button. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our website. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
Blog Feature
Our Web site offers publicly accessible blogs or community forums. You should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read, collected, and used by others who access them. Anytime you post on our blog please be aware that you are posting using a third party application and we have no access or control over this information. To request removal of your personal information from our blog, you can either log into the third-party application and remove your comment or you can contact the appropriate third-party application. Your interaction with these features is governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
Personal Information Collected from Web-Based Technologies
When you interact with our web-based platforms, we automatically collect information from your browser and device.
Browser or Device Information
We automatically receive and record information on our server logs from your browser, including your device type, IP address, browser type, Internet Service Provider, date/time stamp, clickstream data, cookie information, your web traffic (the websites you come from and go to from the Website), and your engagement with certain pages and features of the Website. We collect this data for the following general purposes:
Customizing your user experience
Fulfilling your requests for products and services
Promoting and improving services
Contacting you
Assess the needs of your business to determine suitable products
Administer your account
Conduct research and analysis
We also collect your IP address(es) for the purpose of analyzing website trends, administering the site, and tracking user movement for aggregate usage analysis. This website usage information enables us to provide our users with an ever-improving site, service, and general offering.
Except where you have provided consent for us to use your identifiable personal information, we only use anonymous, aggregate data that cannot be used to identify you individually for our analytics research.
Cookies and Web Beacons
The Website uses cookies to collect information about you and your activity on the Website. “Cookies” are small files placed on your computer by your browser and are often used to make websites work, as well as provide information to the website operator.
This information will be retained only for the duration and in the manner permitted by law and in accordance with the sections below of this Privacy Notice entitled “Your Privacy Rights” and “Storage and Disposal of Personal Information.”
ProSites uses this information to remember you on the Website and to enhance your experience with the Website. For example, if you have an account and return to the Website, cookies identify you and provide tailored information specific to your account, such as account information, past purchases, favorite products, and your product reviews. You have the ability to decline cookies by modifying the settings in your browser.
If you decline or disable cookies, please note that certain functionalities of our website may no longer work.
To learn more about cookies, visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org.
Third-Party Cookies and Web Beacons
Some content or applications on our website are served by third parties, including content providers and application providers.
Our third-party partners may use cookies alone or in conjunction with web beacons or other tracking technologies already in your browser to collect information about you when you visit our website. The information they collect may be associated with your personal information or they may collect information, including personal information, about your online activities over time and across different websites and other online services.
Third-party cookies and web technologies are controlled by our advertising partners and not subject to this Privacy Notice.
If you have any questions about the practices of such third party, you should contact the responsible third-party directly.
To learn more about opting-out of cookie-targeted advertising on the Website (sometimes referred to as online behavioral advertising or OBA), visit www.AboutAds.info.
Personal Information Use
How we use your personal information will depend on how you interact with the Website and the personal information you have shared with us.
Respond to Your Requests
We use your personal information to respond to your requests, including your communications, questions, and requests for receipts.
Customer Testimonials
We post customer testimonials on our website which may contain personally identifiable information. We obtain the customer's consent via email prior to posting the testimonial to post their name along with their testimonial. To request removal of your personal information from Testimonials or comments, please contact us.
Enhance Website and User Experience
We use the information regarding the use of our website to analyze and administer the site and track user movement for web analytics purposes.
This website usage information enables ProSites to provide you with an ever improving Website, services, and general offerings.
Except where you have provided consent for us to use your identifiable personal information for our analytics research, we only use anonymous, aggregate data that cannot be used to identify you individually.
Manage Account
If you have created an account, we will use your personal information to administer your account.
If necessary, we will also use your personal information to verify your identity and provide you with access to your account should you become locked out or forget your login and password.
Conduct
Marketing and Advertising
We may combine information related to your purchases, use of the Website, and interactions our advertising and promotional content with the same information from other users of the Website to inform our advertising and marketing content, including sharing this anonymous, aggregate data with our third-party advertising partners.
This anonymous, aggregate information cannot be used to identify you individually, and we do not disclose or sell your personal information to our advertising partners.
When we display advertising and promotional content to you, this content may be tailored to you based on your “home location.”
Your “home location” is the Website to which your account is tied, and any tailored advertising or promotional content you receive will be based solely on the aggregate purchases made by all users at your “home location.”
Meet Legal Obligations
In certain circumstances, we may be required to disclose your personal information to law enforcement, as part of court proceedings, or as otherwise required by law.
We will only share the information we are required to disclose by law and only when we are required to do so.
Security and Fraud Prevention
When necessary, we will use your personal information, including email communications, to preserve the security of our Website, systems, and personal information in our control.
If necessary, we will also use your personal information to investigate possible fraud, to identify violations of this Privacy Notice and our terms and conditions, and to prevent any attempted harm to our users.
Personal Information Sharing and Disclosure
We share your personal information when you have granted us permission to do so, when it is necessary to fulfill our obligations to you, or when it is in the legitimate interest of our business to do so, provided that our interests do not outweigh your individual rights and freedoms.
Support Vendors
When necessary, we share your data with third-party vendors working on our behalf to provide specific business support services, including payment processing, website hosting and management, and providers of application programming interfaces (“APIs”) and other functions.
APIs are application program interfaces, and are a set of routines, protocols, and tools for building software applications. ProSites shares information with third party vendors and service providers only to the extent necessary to provide those APIs and services for which they are hired.
Website Analytics Companies
When necessary, we share anonymous, aggregate information regarding visitors to our website with third-party website analytics companies.
These companies use this aggregate data, which has been stripped of any personally identifying information about you, to provide us with insight regarding our web usage patterns.
As we only share anonymous, aggregate data, this information cannot be traced back to you individually by either us or the website analytics vendors.
We use Google Analytics to provide us website usage and analytic reports, which necessitates us sharing your anonymous, aggregate data.
You may choose not to share your data with Google by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on, which instructs your browser not to provide your website usage data to Google Analytics. To opt-out of Google Analytics, visit https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout to install the browser add-on.
Please note that installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on will only disable the use of Google Analytics and will not prevent data from being sent to the website itself or to other web analytics services.
Other Users
If you choose to share User Content on the Website, such as product reviews and certain social networking preferences (e.g., pages you “Like” or “Follow”), this information may be viewed by the general public. Accordingly, ProSites cannot ensure the privacy of any personal information included in your User Content.
Marketing and Advertising Partners
We may partner with third parties to provide third-party advertising content.
When we do so, we do not disclose or sell your personal information to our third-party advertising partners.
However, we will share anonymous, aggregate information about user purchases at a particular location and aggregate, anonymous information about how our users collectively interacted with the advertising content.
This information cannot be used to identify you individually.
Legal Requirements
As required by law, regulation, or legal process, we will share your personal information with government authorities, enforcement officials, or third parties as necessary to respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims.
Security and Fraud Prevention Efforts
When necessary, we will share your personal information to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations or suspected violations of this Privacy Notice, our agreements or arrangements with you or other policies in effect from time to time to which you are subject, or as otherwise required by law.
Your Privacy Rights
Depending on your jurisdiction, you may be entitled to exercise certain individual rights.
Examples of jurisdictions that provide individuals with privacy rights are the European Union (General Data Protection Regulation or GDPR), Canada (Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act or PIPEDA) and California (California Consumer Privacy Act). To exercise any individual rights you may have, contact our DPO as described in the “Contact Us” section of this Privacy Notice.
European Union Privacy Rights
If you are a European Union data subject, you have choices regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of your personal information. Unless explicitly stated otherwise, we will respond to your request as soon as possible, but at the latest within one month.
Your rights include:
Accessing your personal information to know what information we have collected about you and how it has been shared;
Requesting the deletion of all or some of your personal information;
Changing or correcting inaccurate or outdated information;
Objecting to, limiting, or restricting use of all or some of your personal information; and
Requesting a copy of your personal information, including in a portable format.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with your supervisory authority if you believe we have violated your privacy rights or applicable laws and regulations.
Canada Privacy Rights
If you are a Canadian data subject, you may have certain privacy rights.
Your rights include:
Accessing your personal information under our custody or control
Amending (by correction, deletion, or addition) personal information that is inaccurate or incomplete
Withdrawing your consent at any time (subject to legal or contractual restrictions and reasonable notice)
California Privacy Rights
We provide our California customers with specific rights regarding their Personal Information.
The section describes the rights that you have under California law and explains how to exercise those rights.
In the past 12 months, we have collected the following categories of personal information under California privacy law:
Category of Information
Examples
Collected
Personal Identifiers
First and last name, email address, company, telephone number, address, online identifier, device identifier, internet protocol (IP) address
[Yes]
Personal Information under California Customer Records Statute
First and last name, address, telephone number, education, employment, employment history, credit or debit card number, or any other financial information. Some personal information included in this category may overlap with other categories
[Yes]
Commercial Information
Products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies
[Yes]
Biometric Information
Fingerprint scans
[No]
Internet or Network Activity Information
Browsing history, search history, and information regarding interactions with an Internet Web site, application, or advertisement
[Yes]
Geolocation Data
Address, location of kiosk used, GPS
[Yes]
Professional or Employment-Related Information
Current employer, employment history
[Yes]
Financial Information
Credit or debit card information
[Yes]
Inferences about You
Profile reflecting preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes
[Yes]
We have disclosed the above information for business purposes to our affiliates, service providers, customers, and other users of the Website as described in this policy.
No Sale of Personal Information
In the preceding twelve (12) months, we have not sold and will not sell any personal information to non-affiliated third parties without your consent. We, also, have not and will not sell the personal information of minors under 16 years of age to non-affiliated third parties without affirmative authorization.
Right to Know About Personal Information Collected, Used, or Disclosed
You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection, use and disclosure of your Information over the past 12 months. Once we receive your request and verify your identity, we will disclose to you:
(1) the categories of Information we collected about you; (2) the categories of sources for the Information; (3) our business or commercial purpose for collecting or disclosing that Information; (4) the categories of third parties with whom we shared that Information; and (5) the specific pieces of Information we collected about you in the preceding 12 months.
Right to Delete Personal Information Collected or Maintained
You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your request and verify your identity, we will permanently delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless a legal exception to deletion applies.
In our response to your request to delete, we will specify the manner in which we have deleted your personal information or, if we must deny your deletion request, the basis for this refusal.
Right to Non-Discrimination for Exercise of Privacy Rights
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your rights by: (1) denying you goods or services; (2) charging you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties; (3) providing you a different level or quality of goods or services; or (4) suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
Exercising Your Rights
To exercise the rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us by either:
Calling us at 888-932-4500
Visiting support@prosites.com
Authorizing an Agent
You may designate an authorized agent to submit your consumer request on your behalf, so long the authorized agent has your written permission to do so and you have taken steps to verify your identity directly with us.
Verifying Your Request
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you.
Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us.
We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify your identity or authority to make the request.
You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month period.
To verify your identity, we ask that you to provide us with the following information when you submit your request: (1) first name, (2) last name, and (3) phone number or email.
We will use the above information to verify your identity.
Depending on your type of request or the information requested by you, we may require additional information to verify your identity and fulfill your request.
California law also requires that we disclose how we respond to “do-not-track requests” from our users.
At this time, we do not currently respond to “do-not-track” requests from our users’ browsers.
Other Jurisdictions
Regardless of the jurisdiction in which you reside, if you have registered an account, you can access and change your own personal information by contacting us at 888-932-3644.
If you request that we erase or forget your personal information, we will comply with your request to the extent permitted by law (sometimes other applicable laws require that we keep certain personal information). When we maintain personal information because of a legal requirement, the personal information will be used only for that purpose and maintained only for the amount of time required to comply with applicable law. You may also open a new account with a different email address at any time.
Other Important Information
Cross-Border Data Transfers
We process data inside the United States.
It is important to know that data protection laws in the United States may not be as strong as those in your country.
Where we transfer your personal information from the European Economic Area (“EEA”) to a location outside the EEA, we will only transfer your data if an appropriate level of protection for your personal information is guaranteed, such as where we have contractual obligations to protect or transfer data with certain safeguards in place.
To ensure the continued protection of your personal information while in our care, we take appropriate organizational and technical measures.
In addition, we may transfer your personal information if one of the legal exceptions for such transfer can be invoked, such as with your consent or in execution of an agreement you have with us.
Third-Party Links
The Website may contain links to websites and content owned or operated by third parties.
We sometimes provide links to other websites and means of being involved with us on social media. We do not make any representations, warranties, or endorsement of these website or their privacy policies and practices. You should carefully review the privacy information for a third-party website before providing personal information to these third-party websites.
This Privacy Notice applies only to the Website specified in this Privacy Notice and not to any third-party websites.
ProSites uses administrative, operational, procedural and technical security measures in place and is in compliance with the reasonable standard of care in ProSites’s industry and applicable law designed to protect personal information.
Data is encrypted in transit and at rest using SSL and VMware Data Encryption Service.
Data Retention
ProSites shall continue to store and use your personal information for as long as you continue to use the Website and/or for so long as your account is active and shall permanently dispose of your personal information in a secure manner upon the earlier of the following:
The initial purpose for obtaining the personal information has been satisfied;
You exercise your right to be forgotten (if applicable) by requesting the erasure of your personal information;
ProSites deactivates your account for inactivity, inaccurate records, fraudulent or unauthorized use of your account, or any other reason permitted by law;
When required by law.
If you have questions regarding this Privacy Notice or ProSites’s collection, use, storage, or disposal of your personal information, please contact ProSites’s Data Protection Officer (“our DPO”) at 888-932-4500. You are also permitted to file a complaint with us or the appropriate data protection authority in your jurisdiction. To file a complaint with us, contact us at support@prosites.com.
Children Under the Age of 18
The Website is not intended for individuals under the age of 18. If you are under 18 you must have a parent’s or guardian’s permission prior to submitting information to the Website. ProSites takes special care to protect the privacy of children under the age of 16 and encourages parents to actively participate in their child’s online activities. ProSites abides by the requirements of the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) and other relevant laws, to the extent applicable. The Website does not target and are not intended for children under the age of 16, and ProSites does not knowingly collect personal information from them. If ProSites discovers personal information from a child gathered through the Website, ProSites will delete that data.
Privacy Notice Changes
This Privacy Notice may be amended at any time by posting a new version at: www.prosites.com. ProSites may highlight with a pop-up or otherwise notify you of an amendment if the amendment is significant or is required by law. The new version will become effective on the date specified in the new version. By continuing to use the Website following the posting of a new Privacy Notice, you agree to be bound by the new version. If you do not agree to the new version, you should stop using the Website.
Contact Information
If you have any questions about this Privacy Notice, the practices of this site, or functionality of the Website, you can contact ProSites at:
ProSites
27919 Jefferson Avenue, Suite 200
Temecula, CA 92590
Email: support@prosites.com.
Toll-Free Telephone Number: 888-932-3644
×
Learn about the dental marketing essentials that can help your practice grow