https://www.batchimage.com/support/privacy-policy-store/
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy in Plain English
Effective date: August 31, 2018
Complete Magic Apps (“us”, “we”, or “our”) operates the https://www.batchimage.com and https://www.completemagic.com website (the “Service”).
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data.
Information Collection And Use
Cookies
This website uses cookies to improve your experience and for site analytical purposes. We do not store or record your personal data.
Application
Your personal information, data or pattern of usage is and would NOT be collected. Any information entered into the applications (ie programs) would only be kept local on your machine for the sole purpose of providing you service through our applications. Our websites does not track usage through our applications or website.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:
By email: support@completemagic.com or support@batchimage.com
Get 25% Off This Black Friday Cyber MondayEnjoy 25% Off Our List Price from now till December 1st 2020.SmartScreen Warning in Windows 7, 8 and 10
As such, we will not be codesigning our applications available on our website and will pass the cost savings to you. With immediate effect, our applications are now 20 to 25% cheaper.
In the Smart Screen, click "More Info" and "Run Anyway" to install our trials and licensed versions of our applications.
PDF & TIFF AppsBatch TIFF PDF Resizer
ComboTIFF for Windows
Photos and Video AppsBatch MMedia Date Changer
Batch It Ultra
Batch It Pro
Batch It
JBatch It
iRedSoft Image Resizer
Batch JPEG Rotator
Memory Pictures (Windows)
Memory Pictures Viewer (Windows)
Trial VersionsWe currently provide a 14 Days Free Trial Versions for our Windows applications so that you can evaluate the application you are keen in purchasing. This will allow you full access apart from the nag screens to determine if this is the application that will meet your needs.
If you however do encounter any issues or require an extension in the trial period, feel free to contact us via email at support@batchimage.com and we will get back to you within 24 hours.
Latest Updates
Batch MMedia Date Changer v1.76 Released
December 7, 2020
JBatch It v6.73 Released
December 7, 2020
Batch JPEG Rotator v2.48 Released
December 4, 2020
ComboTIFF for Windows v2.44 Released
December 4, 2020
Batch TIFF PDF Resizer v3.88 Released
December 3, 2020
iRedSoft Image Resizer v5.50 Released
December 2, 2020
Batch It v6.88 Released
December 1, 2020
Batch It Pro v6.14 Released
December 1, 2020
NavigationProducts
Downloads
Product Comparison
Buy Now/Pricing
Help Files
Tutorials
About Us
Announcements
Looking for Mac Apps ? Our Mac based Apps are available on https://www.completemagic.com .
Unlike in the past where our Mac Apps are only available through the Mac AppStore, we are in the process of revamping the apps so that they are available on our website. One core benefit is the ability to provide a 14 Days Free Trial version unlike the Mac AppStore which does not provide trials.