https://www.elixir.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy PolicyLast Updated: September 9th, 2020
Elixir Technologies Corporation (“Elixir”) has adopted the following privacy policy (the “Privacy Policy”) in order to allow the user (the “User”) of various Elixir Internet portals and Internet related services (the “Services”) to make an informed decision on whether to provide Elixir with the personal data that may be requested of such User or that Elixir may obtain as a result of the use of its Services.
Types of Information Collected
(a) Traffic Data Collected. Elixir automatically tracks and collects the following information when the User accesses the web sites and pages of the Services, including the User’s: (i) IP address; (ii) domain server; (iii) type of computer; and (iv) type of web browser (collectively “Traffic Data”). Traffic Data is anonymous information that does not personally identify a User but is helpful for marketing purposes or for improving the User’s experience with the Services. Elixir may use cookies when a User browses the web sites and pages of the Services. Elixir’s cookies only identify an anonymous User and his/her computer and do not provide information that permits the inference of the name and surname of the actual User. The cookies make it possible for Elixir to immediately recognize a registered User without having to re-register that User on every visit to an area that requires registration. The Elixir cookies cannot read data from the hard disk or cookie files created by others. Elixir encrypts the User’s identifying data for increased security. The User has the option of configuring his/her browser to warn of the receipt of cookies and prevent their installation into his/her hard disk. The User should refer to the instructions and manuals of its browser for further information regarding cookies. Obstructing the installation of a Elixir cookie will not prevent the use of the Services, however, the User will have to register each time he/she accesses a service requiring prior registration.
(b) Personal Information Collected. In order for the User to access the Services and to purchase products that Elixir may offer via the Services, Elixir requires the User to provide it with information that personally identifies the User (“Personal Information”). Personal Information may include: (i) Contact Data (such as the User’s name, mailing and e-mail addresses); (ii) Financial Data (such as the User’s account or credit card number); and (iii) Demographic Data (such as the User’s zip code, age and income). If the User communicates with Elixir by e-mail, posts messages to any of Elixir’s chat groups, bulletin boards or forums, or otherwise completes online forms, surveys or contest entries, any information provided in such communication may be collected as Personal Information.
Updates and Changes to Privacy Policy
Elixir reserves the right, at any time and without notice, to modify, change, add to or update this Privacy Policy, simply by posting such change, update, or modification on the Elixir web site, www.elixir.com (the “Site”). Any such change, update or modification will be effective immediately upon posting on the Site.
Uses of Information Collected
The Personal Information and Traffic Data shall be collected and processed by automated means and inserted by Elixir into automated personal data files. Prior to said collection and processing, Elixir shall provide the User with an opportunity to read this Privacy Policy and provide his/her consent to the use of his/her Personal Information. Failure to provide Personal Information shall not result in a reduction in the quantity or quality of the Services unless stated otherwise or the nature of the service requires it. If the User does not wish to receive information and promotional material from Elixir or from some of its partners, the User may select the appropriate “opt-out” option each time the Service asks the User for Personal Information.
The collection and use of Personal Information will be limited to the following purposes: establishing and maintaining a contractual relationship between Elixir and the User; managing, administering, providing, expanding, and improving the Services; customizing said Services to the User’s tastes and preferences; analyzing and measuring the use of the Services; creating and marketing new features and services; sending updates of the Services to the User; sending, by traditional and electronic means, technical, operational and commercial information relating to the products and services offered by or through Elixir; or sending the User voluntary surveys.
Other Limits to User’s Privacy
Elixir has adopted the legally required security measures for the protection of Personal Information and has installed all the technical means and measures available to it in order to prevent the loss, incorrect use, alteration, unauthorized access and theft of Personal Information provided to Elixir. The User should nevertheless be conscious that Internet security measures are not impregnable.
The Services contain links to other web sites. Elixir is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such web sites. Elixir also makes chat rooms, forums, message boards, and news groups available to the User. The User acknowledges that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information. Elixir has no control over its use and the User should exercise caution when deciding to disclose Personal Information.
Sharing of Personal Information
Elixir shares Demographic Data with advertisers and other third parties only on an aggregate basis, and no personal information shall be disclosed to advertisers or third parties without the express consent of the User.
User Ability to Access, Update and Correct Personal Information
In order to ensure that all Personal Information is correct and up-to-date, at any time the User may contact Elixir via e-mail at info@elixir.com, to access, cancel and update their Personal Information, choose whether or not the User wishes Elixir to send the User information about his/her company or promotional material from some of its partners, or choose whether or not such User wishes that Elixir share some of User’s Personal Information with third parties.
Confidentiality and Security of Personal Information
Except as otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy, Elixir will keep the User’s Personal Information private and will not share it with third parties, unless such disclosure is necessary to: (a) comply with a court order or other legal process; (b) protect Elixir’s rights or property; or (c) enforce Elixir’s terms of Service. The User’s Personal Information is stored on secure servers that are not accessible by third parties. Elixir provides the User with the capability to transmit its Personal Information via secured and encrypted channels if the User uses a similarly equipped web browser.
User’s Acceptance of These Terms
By using the Services, the User signifies its assent to the Elixir Privacy Policy. If the User does not agree to this Privacy Policy, the User should cease all use of the Services. The User’s continued use of the Services following the posting of updates, changes or modifications to these terms will mean the User accepts these changes.
Have questions? Please contact us at info@elixir.com.