http://www.doradosoftware.com/website/privacy.htm
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Please Read Carefully Prior To Using This Website
The use of this Dorado Software's Website is conditioned upon the User's
acceptance of the terms and conditions contained in this Privacy Policy,
which is part of and incorporated by reference into the Terms of Use of
Dorado Software's Website (the "Website"). This Privacy Policy constitutes a
legally binding agreement between User and Dorado Software. This Privacy
Policy lists our current policies, but, as noted below, this Privacy Policy
may be adjusted from time to time at our discretion. Those who do not agree
to be subject to this Privacy Policy may not, under any circumstances, use
this Website.
Data Collection
User should be aware that portions of this Website contain functions for
collecting the User's personal information including User's name and email
address as well as User's accessing history of this Website. Dorado Software
may also collect and track non-personally identifiable information about
User including User's IP address, the type of browser User employs, and the
referrer ID.
Entry by User
Certain areas of this Website will require entry by the User of certain
personal information as indicated above. Dorado Software requires that the
actual User input such information and that such information be the most
recent available. In addition, User may request that Dorado Software modify
or delete User's registered information by sending an email to
webmaster@doradosoftware.com with the words "UPDATE USER INFORMATION" in the
subject line.
Use of User Information
Dorado Software reserves the right to compile, save, use within the scope of
Dorado Software' activities, and analyze any and all User data (registration
data, use history, etc.). Dorado Software intends to use such User data for
internal purposes only, including without limitation for the purposes of
responding to User's requests for information and for contacting User.
Dorado Software may provide aggregated statistics about users (including
User) to third parties, but such information will be aggregated so that it
does not identify a particular individual or company, including User.
Choice/Opt Out
Dorado Software may periodically send User information regarding Dorado
Software, its products and services. If User has been receiving such
information and does not wish to continue receiving such information, please
contact Dorado Software at webmaster@doradosoftware.com and let Dorado
Software know that User no longer wishes to receive such information.
Alternatively, you can simply reply to an email from Dorado Software and
type "REMOVE" in the subject line.
Disclosure of User Information
Dorado Software will, to the extent possible, control User information, and,
except as otherwise set forth herein, not disclose such User information to
third parties. However, in the event disclosure of any User information by
Dorado Software is required by law, Dorado Software may disclose such User
information without the consent of User.
Security
Dorado Software uses reasonable security measures to safeguard information
concerning, and submitted by, users. Despite the above security measures
employed by Dorado Software, users should be aware that it is impossible to
guarantee absolute security with respect to information sent through the
Internet.
Modifications
This Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use of the Website constitute the
complete agreement between the parties with respect to their subject matter
and supersede any prior agreement or communication. Dorado Software reserves
the right to modify this Privacy Policy without prior notice. In the event
Dorado Software updates or modifies this Privacy Policy, Dorado Software
shall endeavor to post such updates or modifications on this Website for a
period of thirty (30) days following any such modifications. Therefore, User
is advised to review this Privacy Policy occasionally, or at least every
thirty (30) days. User's continued use of this Website subsequent to Dorado
Software' notice of modification of this Privacy Policy shall constitute
User's acceptance of the modified Privacy Policy.
Copyright 2019 Dorado Software, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Last Updated 02/28/2019
Try it Today!
SEE A DEMO
REQUEST A TRIAL
TRIAL DEMO