https://www.wearebfi.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Big Fish Internet Ltd. (t/a BFI) is hereinafter referred to as “the company.”
The purpose of this policy is to set out the company’s use and protection of any personal data given to us by our customers. We are a registered data controller under registration number Z8505655.
What we collect
We may collect the following information about individuals affiliated with the businesses we work with, or businesses / individuals who contact us via any channel:
Name and job title
Email address and phone number
Other contact information, such as address
For the most part, any contact information we store will pertain to businesses rather than individuals.
What we do with personal data
We require this information to provide our clients with information and services, and to engage in correspondence with individuals acting on their behalf. We do not contact individuals for marketing purposes, nor do we sell any data to third-parties. Notably, the data we hold may be used to support the following activities:
Project management and account correspondence
Internal record keeping
Accounting
To improve our products and services
Security
We are committed to ensuring information relating to our customers and clients is secure. We have implemented suitable and robust physical, electronic and managerial processes and protocols to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, and to safeguard and secure the information we store and process. These safeguarding measures include:
Electronic information security best practices
Virus protection and network penetration testing
Password protected and encrypted storage where relevant
Restricted access, limited to necessary individuals
Staff training
Physical device security
Security breach response plans
We extend our commitment to security to all the products we provide, taking steps to employ technical measures to secure our hosting environments, servers and databases in accordance with best practice, using encryption where appropriate.
Cookies
We use cookies to support our online channels, which help us analyse our web traffic when you visit our website(s). These cookies allow us to respond to individuals, as well as assisting in improving our web offering and customer experience. We may collect:
IP address
Geographical information
Browser, operating system and hardware information
You can choose to decline cookies (by modifying your web browser settings), but this may impact on your use of our online channels.
Storing and sharing personal information
We don’t sell any information about any of our customers or their employees to third-parties. We may share information with other service providers, including:
Accounting service providers
Where you have explicitly authorised us (for example, if you’ve asked us to create an account for a third-party service on your behalf)
With domain registration bodies such as Nominet
With third-party project / client management software providers
Where necessary, with crime agencies such as the police or HMRC
We store data for as long as necessary to provide you with services (for example, the duration of time a business remains a client). Beyond this, account data is retained in accordance with accounting guidelines, and company information is deleted six months after we cease to provide you with services.
Your rights
You have the right to ask for a copy of any information we hold about you as an individual, and to have any inaccuracies corrected. Where no longer required for contractual purposes (e.g. if an employee leaves a company, or where a company is no longer a client), you can also ask us to delete or move the information we hold about individuals. For more information, please contact info@wearebfi.co.uk.
Notices and revisions
If you have any queries about this notice, you can contact us at info@wearebfi.co.uk. We reserve the right to amend this privacy notice at any time – however, we take your privacy very seriously and will never change our policies or practices to make them less protective of your personal information. You can request a copy of the latest privacy policy at any time by contacting us at the above address. We will notify all our clients of any significant changes (provided we hold valid contact information).
We'd love to discuss your project
Your name or business
Your telephone number
Alternatively you can call us on +44 (0) 15395 64580