http://www.vowsoft.com/privacy.htm
The best image downloader for download pictures from website.
For Windows 98/Me/NT/2000/2003/XP/Vista/2008
Add to favorites |
Site Map |
Contact Us
Home
Download
Buy
FAQ
Affiliate
Support
Forum
Home - Privacy Policy
VOWSoft,Ltd. has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for this Web site: VOWSoft.com.
Information Automatically Logged
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our Web site. This information is used to generate reports on the overall traffic to the site for bandwidth planning and usage statistics.
Cookies
Our Site's user forum uses per session cookies as part of its validation process.
Order Forms
Our site uses an order form for customers to request information, products, and services. We collect contact information (like their email address), financial information (like their account or credit card numbers), and demographic information
(like their zip code and age). Contact information from the order forms is used to ship purchases, information about our company. The customer's contact information is also used to get in touch with the visitor when necessary.
Financial information that is collected is used to bill the user for products and services.
Unique identifiers are not currently collected from Web site visitors.
Public Forums
This site makes forum available to its users. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control. Credit card information for orders is secured via industry standard 128-bit SSL encryption.
Refunds
Refunds will be issued under the following conditions:
- the refund is requested in writing within 30 days of purchase.
- the customer agrees not to use the refunded Registration Code in any way.
- the customer agrees to uninstall all instances of the refunded PicaLoader.
External Links
This site contains links to other sites. VOWSoft, Ltd. is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact: picaloader@vowsoft.com
[Home]  [Buy Now]  [Download]  [Link]  [Privacy Policy]
Copyright © 2002-2008 VOWSoft, Ltd. All rights reserved.