http://www.thycotic.com/about-us/privacy-policy/
English
German
Portuguese
Spanish
The Lockdown Blog
Get a Quote
Services
Support
Login
+1-202-802-9399
(US)
Products
Privileged Access &Password Management
Secret Server
Account Lifecycle Manager
Privileged Behavior Analytics
Password Reset Server
DevOps Secrets Vault
Connection Manager
Endpoint Privilege& Application Control
Privilege Manager
Identity Bridge
Access Control& Authentication
Cloud Access Controller
Remote Access Controller
Database Access Controller
Solutions
By Common Security Issue
EnterprisePassword Management
Least Privilege Policy
Service Account Management
Privileged Access Management
Privileged Access Management for the Cloud
Remote Worker Security
By IT Role & Responsibility
Audit & Compliance
DevOps
Help Desk
By Industry or Sector
Healthcare
Financial Services
Energy & Utilities
Government
Education
Resources
Live & On Demand
Webinars andWeekly Demos
Digital Events
Conferences and
Tradeshows
Thycotic Videos
Podcasts
Original
Research
State of Least Privilege Report
Global State of PAM Compliance
State of PAM
Maturity Report
Black Hat Hacker Survey Report
Guide to Cyber Security Decision Making
Guides AndWhitepapers
PAM ExpertGuide
Move Beyond GPO
Privileged Access Management
ApplicationRestricting Guide
Free E-Books
Wiley’s Cybersecurityfor Dummies
Wiley’s PAM for Dummies
Wiley’s Least Privilege for Dummies
Wiley’s Service Account Security for Dummies
Wiley’s Privileged Access Cloud Security for Dummies
Free IT Tools
Password SecurityTools
Secret Server Free
DevOps Secrets Vault Free
Browser-Stored Password
Discovery Tool
PAM Dictionary
Active Directory Weak Password Finder
Privilege Management
Tools
Service Account
Discovery Tool
Least Privilege Discovery Tool
Windows Privileged Account Discovery Tool
Connection Manager Free
Business Case for PAM Toolkit
Self-Assessment Tools
PAM Maturity Model
Customizable Templates
Privileged Access Management
Policy Template
Incident
Response Template
PAM Software Vendor Checklist
Company
Why Choose Thycotic
Why Choose Thycotic?
Thycotic Brochure
Trust Center
Contact Us
Customer & Analysts
Customers Testimonials
Case Studies
What the Analysts Say
About Thycotic
Our Mission
Leadership
Careers
Company News
In the Press
Thycotic Social
Company Brochures
Product Datasheets
Partners
Partner Program
Overview
Thycotic Rewards
Partner Application
Partner Locator
Find a Partner
Tech Alliance Program
Thycotic Integrations
Center
Strategic Partnerships
Privilege Ready Program
PartnerResources
Partner Hub
Register A Deal
Register a Referral
Free Trials
Privileged Access &Password Management
Secret Server
Account Lifecyle Manager
Password Reset Server
Privileged Behavior Analytics
Endpoint Privilege& Access Control
Privilege Manager
Access Control& Authentication
Cloud AccessController
Remote AccessController
Database AccessController
Get PricingNow
Request a Quote
Privacy Policy
Privacy & Cookies Notice
Your privacy is important to us.  This Privacy Policy describes how Thycotic (“we” or “us”) collects and uses the personal data you provide to us through our interactions with you.  It also describes the choices available to you regarding our use of your personal data, as well as how you can access and update this information.
As described in more detail below, we only collect, use, and disclose information about you to provide you with requested services and products, to improve the services and products we offer, and, as necessary, to respond to lawful requests for information.  We also take reasonable measures to ensure that we are protecting your data.  All of our practices are in accordance with applicable law, including applicable laws in the United States, United Kingdom, and the European Union.
Information we collect:
If you purchase a product or service from us, we collect your name, billing and shipping address(es), telephone number, company name, email address, credit card information, and information about the products you purchase.
When you set up your account, we will also collect password information associated with your account.
If you request a download, or complete a web form, we may collect your name, address, telephone number, title, company name, company size, company industry, IP address, and/or email address. With this request, you acknowledge that you are at least 16 years of age.
If you contact our Support Team, we collect information about the contact method you use, such as your email address or phone number, as well as information pertinent to resolving your case (including screen shots, custom SQL and Power Shell scripts, logs, etc.).
Information we use or share:
The primary purpose for which we use the information we collect about you is to perform the service or provide the product which you have requested. For example, we use that information to process your order, respond to queries, review past purchases, provide you with Product or User Support, etc.
We also use information we collect to improve our ability to meet your needs through the services and products we offer. For example:
Your order history enables us to tailor our product range and marketing information (e.g. promotions and special offers) to your requirements.
Your address and IP address help us route you to the correct Thycotic staff when you have questions.
We may use your information to keep you up to date with Thycotic, such as through emails, or providing you with customized content, targeted offers, information, newsletters, and advertising or other promotional material about Thycotic or its partners on the Website, other websites, or via telephone or email.
We also may use some information for internal training purposes. For example, we may use the information you provide as part of a Support request to help our Support staff learn about new issues and how to handle them.
We will treat your personal data as confidential, and will not share your personal data with any third parties except under the following circumstances:
To our trusted third party service providers, partners, or distributors to enable the service provider, partner, or distributor to perform a business, professional, or technical support function for Thycotic;
In association with law enforcement, fraud prevention, a subpoena, or other legal or government investigatory action;
As required by law, rule, or regulation;
If Thycotic reasonably believes it is required to protect Thycotic, its customers, or the public; or
If Thycotic sells all or part of its business.
Controlling our use of your personal data:
You have the right to contact us about changing, deleting, or updating any of the personal data you have provided to us.
Exercise Your Rights
Powered by
OneTrust
If you wish to unsubscribe from any of our mailing lists, or if you wish to stop receiving updates, targeted offers, or other customized content, there is a link at the bottom of every marketing email we send out that will allow you to reach a webpage where you can update your email preferences or fully unsubscribe.
Security of your personal data:
The security of your personal data is important to us. We follow commercially reasonable standards to protect the data you submit to us. However, no method of transmission over the Internet or method of data storage is one hundred percent secure and we cannot guarantee absolute security.
Use of Cookies
We may also collect information about where you are on the Internet (for example, the URL you came from and the way in which you navigate the site) and other information using “cookies.”  A cookie is a small file that’s stored on your computer by a website to remember certain information. Cookies can be used for many purposes, and some are essential to the way our website works.
We use cookies for the following reasons:
To track visitor behavior on the site, such as the pages you visited and where you left our site. This helps us to improve the site and your browsing experience.
To track affiliate marketing referrals. This shows us which of our online marketing channels are effective and allows us to reward external sites for directing you to us. These cookies may be used to deliver adverts more relevant to you and your interests or to limit the number of times you see an advertisement.
For targeting and advertising to deliver advertisements more relevant to your interests and limit the number of times you see an advertisement. These cookies are placed by advertising networks with our permission. These cookies enable us to share personal information such as your name, address, telephone, IP address, or email for targeting purposes.
If you do not want us to use cookies, please adjust your browser settings to reject cookies.  By visiting thycotic.com with your browser settings adjusted to accept cookies, this tells us that you want to use our website and that you consent to our use of cookies.
Notice of Data Processing
Please review this notice regarding the collection and processing of your business contact information by Thycotic Software, LLC.
Information Collection
Thycotic marketing uses DiscoverOrg, Lusha, LinkedIn, and other Direct Marketing Providers to obtain business contact information for individuals working in certain industries, companies, or countries. Each of these companies provides assurances to us that they have complied with applicable data privacy laws in obtaining the information they provide to us. You can contact these companies directly for information on your data collected at these companies.
The information Thycotic collects comprises:
• Name • Company • Business Telephone Number • Business Email Address • Job Title • Job Function and Responsibilities
Thycotic does not collect any non-business-related data such as date of birth, home address, personal email or telephone number, or government identification number, and Thycotic does not collect sensitive personal data.
Purpose and Use
Thycotic processes your information only for direct marketing purposes, in the legitimate interest of itself as a B2B provider of products and services pertaining to your business or employer.
Access and Opt-Out Rights
With respect to the information Thycotic possesses about you, you have the rights of access, rectification, erasure, and restriction. You also have the right to object to processing. You may exercise any of these rights by contacting Thycotic using the information below under “Questions.” Thycotic will treat requests for access, correction, amendment, or deletion of information in accordance with all applicable legal requirements and our strict internal privacy policies. If you feel that we have not complied with your requests, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the appropriate supervisory authority in your country.
Children’s Policy
The Site is intended for adults only. We do not intentionally or knowingly collect personally-identifiable information from children under the age of 16 and we request that individuals under the age of 16 not submit any personal information on the Site.
California Consumer Privacy Act (Cal. Civil Code 1798.100 – 1798.199)
With regard to the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, we do not “sell” the personal information of our website users or our customers or our employees, other than providing such information to related/affiliated Thycotic entities or to our third party vendors for the intended purpose of that information (such as to HR benefits processing for employees, or to shipping companies for purposes of delivering items to customers, or transmitting technical support information requested by a current customer).
Although we do not sell your personal information, if you would like to fill out a form to opt-out of us ever doing so, please click here.
Information Security
Thycotic maintains suitable safeguards, including reasonable physical, administrative and technical safeguards to protect its database from unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction.
Changes to this Data Processing Notice
Thycotic reserves the right to change this Data Processing Notice and will provide a revised notice that reflects such changes as required by law.
Questions
You may also contact Thycotic regarding privacy information, including requests for access, correction, amendment, or deletion of information, at privacy@thycotic.com
Privacy Shield
Thycotic complies with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework(s) (Privacy Shield) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Union and the United Kingdom and/or Switzerland, as applicable to the United States in reliance on Privacy Shield. Thycotic has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles with respect to such information. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification, please visit https://www.privacyshield.gov.
Thycotic has committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Principles to JAMS, an alternative dispute resolution provider. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your complaint to your satisfaction, please visit https://www.jamsadr.com/eu-us-privacy-shield for more information or to file a complaint. The services of JAMS are provided at no cost to you.
Oversight
For this Privacy Policy and its content, Thycotic is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission (FTC). If Thycotic becomes subject to an FTC or court order based on non-compliance with this policy or Privacy Shield, Thycotic shall make public any relevant Privacy Shield related sections of any compliance or assessment report submitted to the FTC, to the extent consistent with confidentiality requirements.
Arbitration
In the event of a dispute between You and Thycotic arising under or relating to the Privacy Policy, either party may choose to resolve the dispute by binding arbitration, as described below, instead of in court (the “Arbitration Agreement”). Thycotic has, as is described further in the Privacy Policy, committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Principles to JAMS, an alternative dispute resolution provider. Under certain conditions, more fully described on the Privacy Shield website, you may invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted. Any claim (except for a claim challenging the validity or enforceability of this arbitration agreement, including the Class Action Waiver) may be resolved by binding arbitration if either side requests it. If You or Thycotic submit choose arbitration, neither party shall have the right to litagate a claim in court or to have a trial, including discovery and appeal rights.
Customers/Controllers may update, delete, or change their registration information by editing their user or organization records where it is inaccurate or processed in violation of the Privacy Shield Principles. To update a user profile, please log in to thycotic.force.com with your Thycotic username and password. To update an organization’s information, please login to yourcompany.secretservercloud.com with your Thycotic username and password. Visitors may update or change their user registration information on Web site after logging in. To have your registration information deleted, please email privacy@thycotic.com. Requests to access, change, or delete your information will be handled within 30 days except where the burden or expense or providing access would be disproportionate to the risks to the individual’s privacy in the case in question, or where other individuals rights would be violated.
Thycotic shall remain liable under the Principle of Accountability for Onward Transfer if its sub-processors process your Personal Information in a manner inconsistent with the Privacy Shield Principles, unless Thycotic proves that it is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
Policy last updated: January 1, 2020
JOIN OUR MAILING LIST
Be first to get news and free tools
Comments
Let’s Connect
PRODUCTS
Secret Server
Privilege Manager
Account Lifecycle Manager
DevOps Secrets Vault
Privileged Behavior Analytics
Self Service Password Reset
Cloud Access Controller
Remote Access Controller
Database Access Controller
Identity Bridge
SOLUTIONS
Enterprise Password Management
Least Privilege Policy
DevOps
Audit and Compliance
LATEST RESEARCH AND RESOURCES
Upcoming Webinar
The Impact of COVID-19 on Enterprise IT Security Teams
From the Lockdown Blog
Cyber Security Trends and Predictions for 2021, and Reflections on 2020
Americas
+1-202-802-9399
Europe
+44 (0) 1777-712603
Australia
+61-2-8006-9996
Asia
+65-6577-1250
Sitemap | EULA | Privacy Policy |
Trust Center |© Copyright 2020 Thycotic. All Rights Reserved.