http://www.free-christmas-cards-online.com/privacy/
Free Christmas Cards OnlinePrivacy Policy - Free Christmas Cards Online
Free Christmas Greeting Cards
Free Holiday Cards
New Year’s Day Cards
Click here to pickup an ecard!
Christmas Cards
Home
Free Christmas Greeting Cards
Funny Christmas Cards
Humorous Christmas Cards
Victorian Christmas Cards
Christian Christmas Cards
Patriotic Christmas Cards
Cat & Dog Christmas Cards
General Christmas Greeting Cards
Free Holiday Cards
Christmas Party Invitations
New Year’s Party Invitations
Holiday Cards
Thank You Holiday Cards
New Year’s Day Cards
International
Christmas Gift Ideas
Free Christmas Wallpapers
Free Christmas Screensavers
Art Contest
Categories
Gift Ideas
News
Privacy Policy
Free Christmas Cards Online is firmly committed to the privacy of our clients. We have created this Privacy Policy to let you know under what information is collected and how this information is used. If you have any questions regarding this policy, please click here to contact us.
Privacy Of Greeting Card Information. We treat all of our e-card messages as private correspondance between the sender and the recipient and will not disclose the contents of any greetings other than to the intended recipient. The recipient's e-mail address is never used for any other purpose than to send them the e-card. The e-card is posted on private pages. The web address is sent by e-mail announcement only to those whose e-mail addresses are entered by the card sender.
Personal Data. We retain the name and e-mail address of visitors who submit an e-card via our web site so that we may notify them if their e-card is chosen. This information is deleted at the end of each month.
Confidentiality. No information of ANY kind is ever shared with third parties other than that which is clearly indicated herewithin.
Aggregate Data. We gather certain generic information with respect to visitors' use of our web site such as the number of unique visitors and the areas on the web site that they favor. We only look at this data on a collective basis, in summary form.
IP Addresses. We collect and analyze traffic on our web site by keeping track of the IP addresses of our visitors. An IP address is a unique number assigned to your computer when you are browsing the internet. We log this information so that we can monitor overall traffic trends as well as the number of visitors visiting the web site. This information is used SOLELY to improve the quality of our web site.
Cookies. Cookies are pieces of information sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer's hard drive for record-keeping purposes. The web site analysis tool we use on our site employs the use of 'cookies' within our site. By tracking the information contained in the 'cookie', the software can calculate various aggregate statistical data. The cookie does not contain any personally identifiable information.
External Links. On our site, we have links to other web sites that may collect personal information about you. This policy does not cover the information practices of such web sites. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of these sites as their policies may be very different.
Monthly Newsletter Subscriptions & Opt-Out Policy. If a visitor wishes to subscribe to our monthly newsletter, we ask for their e-mail address. Users who no longer wish to receive our newsletter, may opt-out by sending us an e-mail withUnsubscribe as the Subject from the e-mail address that is registered to receive the newsletter. We never share your personally identifiable with any third parties. Unsubscribe instructions are also contained in our newsletter.
Unsolicted E-Mail. We do not send unsolicited e-mail messages to anyone. We will only send e-mail if one of our visitors has signed up for our free monthly newsletter, in response to a query, or if their e-card was chosen as one of the top e-cards of the month.
If we make any material changes in our privacy practices, we will post a notice on our web site notifying users of the change.
Last updated October 25th, 2003
Best Toys of 2012
Top Sites
eCardsAddict
Copyright © 2003-2017 Free Christmas Cards Online
Privacy Policy | Terms and Conditions | Contact Us | 2012 Holiday Toy List
The e-cards on this web site are the property of their respective artists and may not be reproduced.