http://www.microworlds.com/privacy-statement.html
Privacy Statement
LCSI cares about protecting your online and
offline privacy. LCSI is the sole owner of the information
collected on this site. We will not sell, share, disclose or
rent any of your personal information to third parties or
others in ways different from what is disclosed in this
statement.
What information we know about you and
how we use it
Although we may collect certain information
from you as discussed below, please be reassured in knowing
that we do not use any information about where you go on our
site, nor do we sell, share, disclose or rent any of your
personal information to third parties.
We do not give out your name, school name,
telephone number or other personal information, unless you
authorize us to do so or except where needed to deliver a
product or service you ordered.
We use an outside shipping company to ship
orders and a credit card processing company to bill users for
goods and services. These companies do not retain, share,
store or use personally identifiable information for any
secondary purposes.
We will not give out information that would
link your profile with your actual name.
LCSI respects the privacy of all who visit our
website, especially children. LCSI does not collect personally
identifiable information without "visitors" knowledge.
LCSI does track the number of visitors to our
site and does retain aggregate statistics about this. We use
statistical information gathered from our site for product
improvement.
Links
This website contains links to other sites.
Please be aware that LCSI is not responsible for privacy
practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be
aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy
statements of each and every website that collects personally
identifiable information. This privacy statement applies
solely to information collected by this website.
Newsletter
If a user wishes to subscribe to our
newsletter, we ask for contact information such as name and
email address. We do not provide, share or disclose our
newsletter database to any third parties.
Cookies
The use of Cookies is common in the Internet
industry. Cookies are small text files written to your
computer. Cookies provide security in a session (the interval
between login and logout) to ensure access to only authorized
users. Cookies are dependent on a users session. The
non-personally identifying information we track with cookies
is anonymous and is not used to identify, or lead us back to,
any particular visitor.
How to reach us
By Mail:
3531 Vendome Ave.Montreal QuebecH4A 3M6Canada
LCSI
P.O. Box 162
Highgate Springs, VT 05460
USA
By Phone or Fax:
Click here for ways to contact LCSI
To contact us about privacy issues, please
e-mail: info@microworlds.com
© Logo Computer Systems Inc., 2002-2014. All
rights reserved worldwide. LCSI and the LCSI logo are
trademarks of Logo Computer Systems Inc.
Site Map | Privacy Statement
Copyright 2002-2019 Logo Computer Systems Inc.
Web site creation Imagescope.org