http://www.mentor.com/terms_conditions/privacy
Electronic Design Automation
High-Level Synthesis
RTL Low-Power Opt & Analysis
Functional Verification
Tanner AMS IC Design Flow
Tanner MEMS Design Flow
Photonic Design
IC Design
IC Manufacturing
IC Test
Intellectual Property
FPGA
Systems
Electrical Systems, Networks & Harnesses
System Modeling & Design Management
PCB & IC Package Design
PCB Manufacturing, Assembly & Test
CAE Simulation & Test
CAD-Embedded CFD
Electronics Cooling CFD
Low-Frequency Electromagnetics & Motors
Semiconductor Device Thermal Testing
1D CFD
Automotive
Connectivity
Electrification
Autonomous
Architecture
Embedded
Products
IoT Solutions
Toolchain Services
Runtime Services
Industries
Home
Terms & Conditions
Mentor Graphics Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
SW Quality Policy
End User License
Trademarks
Mentor Graphics Privacy Policy
Mentor Graphics Corporation, a Siemens business (Mentor or Mentor Graphics) takes your concerns about privacy very seriously.   The purpose of this privacy notice is to describe Mentor Graphics (Mentor) policy regarding the collection and usage of personal data from our web site www.mentor.com and from any customer satisfaction or product improvement program in which our customers choose to participate.
Policy
How we treat your personal information
Mentor considers all information collected to be our information. It will be collected from you via the forms in various locations on Mentor Graphics websites and from your voluntary participation in product improvement programs, but will not be shared with, bartered, or sold to any third party without your consent.
We collect information from you for the purposes of fulfilling your requests, improving your experience on the Mentor Graphics websites, verify your identity, improving our ability to create individually relevant communications to you about our products and services and improving our products and features to help better solve design problems. You may choose to not supply any personal information to us; however, doing so will limit your access to certain content on our site, such as product demonstrations, white papers, and the like.
At times, we disclose relevant information about our customers to our contractors in order for them to provide specific services for Mentor, or to distributors to fulfill a customer order. Our contractors and distributors are bound by strict contractual requirements to keep all information they receive confidential and to use such information solely on behalf of Mentor Graphics. We take reasonable measures to protect the information you share with us from unauthorized access or disclosure.
How we treat email lists
Mentor Graphics maintains several e-mail lists to keep interested persons informed about events and other items of interest. Individuals can sign up to join our mailing lists in several ways, for example; in response to an email message or by using a form on our website. Other than disclosing to contractors as required for them to perform specific services for Mentor Graphics, we do not sell, trade, lease, rent, loan or otherwise disclose the addresses on these lists to any third party without your consent.
Information change requests
We realize that your personal information, including name, company, and email address, is subject to change over time. if you need to update your information in our records, please send email to Privacy@mentor.com.
If you are registered with Mentor Graphics’ profile center, you can update your data online.
How we treat your browser information
Mentor Graphics analyzes the log files of our website to better understand the volume of traffic to particular areas of our site. This information helps us to serve your information needs. Individual users remain anonymous in our website log files unless they have logged into one of our password-protected sites.
For example, when accessing SupportNet, our technical support web site, we may correlate individual registration and browser information to your personal and company information as stored in our business databases. These databases contain support contract expiration dates and other information relevant to delivering and improving support.
Our use of cookies
A "cookie" is a marker or an identifier that is entered into the memory of a visitor's browser and is saved to a file for future reference. Mentor Graphics uses cookies on selected areas of our website as a tool to "remember" information about our visitors so that they do not have to repeatedly enter their personal information onto numerous forms on the site.
In the future, cookies will help us tailor our website to the visitor's individual interests. You can set your browser to notify you when you are sent a cookie so that you can decide whether or not to accept it. Even without a cookie, you can access most information on our web site.
How we treat information collected from a product improvement program
Technological features in our products and on our website may provide data to Mentor Graphics or its contractors and are used for the purpose of making improvements to products and enhancing features used most by our customers. Typically, the limited data collected includes information on product performance, settings, options, output log files, and similar product functionality.
Mentor Graphics analyzes this information along with data from other program participants to help improve user experience. Mentor Graphics will not collect any personally identifiable data in this process and will not disclose your data collected to any third party without your prior written consent, except to Mentor Graphics’ outside attorneys or as may be required by a court of competent jurisdiction.
Data Storage and Retention:
We retain your personal data for the duration of the business relationship with Mentor Graphics.  We only store it for as long as the purposes for which the information was collected or otherwise processed, or to comply with legal obligations (such as Retention obligations under tax or Commercial laws).
Notices:
Mentor Graphics may, through a variety of online and offline sources, collect the following categories of personal information:
Personal identifiers such as a real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, internet protocol address, email address, account name, social security number, driver’s license number, passport number, telephone number, passport number, state identification card number, insurance policy number, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, financial information, medical information, or health insurance information.
Commercial information, including records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
Internet or other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding a consumer’s interaction with an Internet Web site, application, or advertisement
Geolocation data.
Biometric and physical characteristics such as audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information.
Professional or employment-related information.
Education information
The sources from which the personal information may be collected may include:
the Mentor Graphics or its affiliates internet sites that you visit,
the mobile applications that you use;
you or your employer, such as via telephone, mail, email, or at trade shows, or in connection with potential employment or business opportunities;
our customers, vendors, and suppliers
third parties from whom we purchase contact data, such as Linked-In
Such collected information may be used for the purposes described elsewhere within the Mentor Graphics privacy notice.
Sale and Disclosure:
We disclose personal information for business purposes.  The categories of personal information that we have disclosed for a business purposes include:
Personal identifiers such as a real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, internet protocol address, email address, account name, social security number, driver’s license number, passport number, telephone number, passport number, state identification card number, insurance policy number, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, financial information, medical information, or health insurance information.
Commercial information, including records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
Internet or other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding a consumer’s interaction with an Internet Web site, application, or advertisement.
Geolocation data.
Biometric and physical characteristics such as audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information.
Professional or employment-related information.
Education information
California Privacy Rights
For California Residents Only
The purpose of this notice is to provide information to California residents and to notify them of their rights under California law.  This section is not applicable to and may not be relied upon by anyone else besides California residents.
California’s “Shine The Light” law:
California’s “Shine The Light” law permits those of our customers who are California residents to annually request a list of their personal data (if any) that we have disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year, and the names and addresses of those third parties. At this time, we currently do not share any personal data with third parties for their direct marketing purposes.
Rights:
(a) California residents have the right to request that we delete the personal data that we have collected about that resident. Please note that there are circumstances under which such a right of deletion does not apply, such as where it is reasonable for us to maintain the personal information to:
Complete the transaction for which the personal information was collected, provide a good or service requested or reasonably anticipated, or otherwise perform a contract with the resident.
Detect security incidents; protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent or illegal activity; or prosecute those responsible for that activity.
Debug to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another resident to exercise his or her right of free speech, or exercise another right provided for by law, or Comply with a legal obligation.
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act.
Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical or statistical research in the public interest (when deletion of the information is likely to render impossible or seriously impair the achievement of such research) if the resident has provided informed consent.
To enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with the resident's expectations based on the relationship with us.
To otherwise use the personal information, internally, in a lawful manner that is compatible with the context in which the resident provided the information.
(b) California residents have the right to request that we disclose, with respect to that resident,
The categories of personal information we have collected.
The categories of sources from which we collected the personal information.
The purpose for collecting or selling personal information.
The categories of third parties with whom we share personal information.
·The specific pieces of personal information we have collected.
Please note that, in general, the categories of personal information we collect include those identified above and in the Mentor Graphics Privacy Notice.
(c) California residents have the right to not be discriminated against by us for any exercise of these rights.
In order to exercise any rights to deletion or disclosure, please contact us either via email to dataprotection@siemens.com or toll free at 1-800-Siemens.
Please note that any requests may be subject to verification of the identification of the requestor. The method we would use to verify your identity will be different depending on the manner and context in which your data was collected. You may be entitled to use an authorized agent to exercise your rights on your behalf and, if you choose to do so, such an agent will also be required to verify their own identity and their authority to act on your behalf.
The European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation provides certain rights to data subjects living in the EU.  Subject to the statutory requirements, EU citizens are entitled to:
Obtain confirmation as to whether or not personal data concerning you are being processed, and where that is the case, access to the personal data;
Obtain the rectification of inaccurate personal data concerning you;
Obtain the erasure of your personal data;
Obtain restriction of processing regarding your personal data;
Data portability concerning personal data, which you actively provided; and
Object, on grounds relating to your particular situation, to processing of personal data concerning you.
For more information
Mentor Graphics data privacy organization provides support with any data privacy related questions, comments, concerns or complaints or in case you wish to exercise any of your data privacy related rights. The Data Privacy Organization may be reached by emailed mail as follows:
Mentor Graphics Corporation
Legal Department – Data Privacy Office
8005 Sw Boeckman Road
Wilsonville, Oregon 97070
USA
privacy@mentor.com
This site uses cookies to improve your user experience and to provide you with content we believe will be of interest to you. Detailed information on the use of cookies on this website is provided in our Privacy Policy. By using this website, you consent to the use of our cookies.
Ok, don't show me this again
Chat
|
Contact