http://www.verypdf.com/terms-of-use.html
PDF Tools
PDF to Word Converter
PDF to Excel Converter
PDF Password Remover
VeryPDF PDF Editor
Document Printer (docPrint)
PDF to TXT Converter
PDF to HTML Converter
PDF to Image Converter
PDF to TIFF Extractor
PDF to Any Converter
CHM to PDF Converter
Free Text to PDF Converter
PDF Stamp
PDF Form Filler
Advanced PDF Tools
Encrypt PDF
PDF to PDF/A Converter
PDF Compressor
Advanced PDF Page Crop
Advanced PDF Page Cut
Business Utilities
Flipbook Maker
PDF to Word OCR Converter
PDF to Excel OCR Converter
Scan to Word OCR Converter
Scan to Excel OCR Converter
Image to PDF OCR Converter
Screen OCR
OCR to Any Converter
PDFcamp Printer Pro
Document Converter
Table Extractor OCR
PDF Tools
PDF Text Replacer
PDF Split-Merge
PDF Size Splitter PDF Manual Splitter
PDF Content Splitter PDF Table Extractor PDF Stitcher PDF Repair
Multimedia
TIFF Toolkit
XPS to Any Converter
Flash to Animated GIF Converter
Raster to Vector Converter
PDF to Flash Flipbook Converter
Flash to Image Converter
Free ShareShot
Business Utilities
PDF Batch Print GUI
HTML Converter
AutoCAD to PDF Converter
PCL Converter
PowerPoint Converter
PowerPoint to Flash Converter
PowerPoint to Video Converter
PDF to PowerPoint Converter
DWG to Vector Converter
PDF to DWG Converter
Office to Any Converter
Development and Consoles
Mini EMF Printer Driver
Metafile to PDF Converter CMD
PDF Viewer OCX Control
PDF to Text OCR Converter CMD
OCR to Any Converter CMD
HTML to Any Converter CMD
PDF to Image Converter CMD
PDFPrint Command Line
PDFPrint SDK
PDF Linearization Optimizer CMD
PDF Editor Toolkit Pro SDK
Flash to Image Converter CMD
PDF Toolbox Command Line
PDF Toolbox Component for .NET
PDF Font Extractor CMD
PDF Parse & Modify Component
PDF to ePub Converter CMD
Free Software
Free ShareShot
PDF Tools
PDF Password Remover for Mac
PDF to Any Converter for Mac
PDF to Image Converter for Mac
PDF Splitter for Mac
PDF Merger for Mac
PDF Encrypter for Mac
HTML to PDF Converter for Mac
Image to PDF Converter for Mac
PDF to Image Converter Shell for Mac
CHM to PDF Converter for Mac
PDF Compressor for Mac
PDF Toolbox Shell for Mac
PDF Content Splitter for Mac
PDF Table Extractor for Mac
PDF Repair for Mac
PDF Stitcher for Mac
Advanced PDF Page Cut for Mac
Business Utilities
OCR to Any Converter for Mac
PCL to Image Converter for Mac
PCL to TIFF Converter for Mac
HTML to PDF Converter for Mac
Table Extractor OCR for Mac
Development and Shells
PDF Toolbox Shell for Mac
PDF to Image Converter Shell for Mac
HTML to Any Converter Shell for Mac
PCL to Any Converter Shell for Mac
PDF Stitcher Command Line for Mac
One to Any Converters
PDF to Any Converter for Mac
HTML to Any Converter Shell for Mac
OCR to Any Converter for Mac
PCL to Any Converter Shell for Mac
Cloud API
VeryPDF Cloud API Platform
VeryPDF Cloud OCR API
Web to PDF Converter Cloud API
HTML to Image Converter Cloud API
Free Online Tools
Free Online PDF Toolbox
Free Online Advanced PDF Converter
Free Online PDF Compressor
Free Online PDF Splitter
Free Online DOCX to DOC Converter
Free Online Word to PDF Editor
Free Online ShareFile
Free Online RSS Feed to Email
Free Online Tools
Free Online Invoice Maker
Free Online PDF Toolbox
Free Online Web Site to PDF Maker
Free Online URL to PDF Converter
Free Online PDF to Word Converter
Free Online PDF to Image Converter
Free Online URL to Image Converter
Free Online Image Converter
Free Online DOC to PDF Converter
Free Online OCR Converter
Free Online PDF Merger
Free Online PDF Stamper
Free Online PDF Page Resizer
Store and Publish
Flipbook Maker (Desktop Version)
Free Online Flipbook Maker
Free Online PDF DRM Security
Free Online Document Editor
Free Online Document Viewer
Free Online Thumbnail Viewer
Free Online Document Sharing
Free Online Document Annotator
Free Online Document Slideshow
Free Online PDF Form Filler
Free Online Photo Slideshow
Free Online File Converter
Online PDF to Excel Converter
Knowledge Base
Submit a Ticket
Send an Email
Custom Solutions
Support Options
Contact Us
Windows
Mac
Online
Support
Current Page: VeryPDF > Terms of Use
Terms of Use
Introduction
Welcome to VeryPDF.com. This website is owned and operated by VeryPDF.com. By visiting our website and accessing the information, resources, services, products, and tools we provide, you understand and agree to accept and adhere to the following terms and conditions as stated in this policy (hereafter referred to as ‘User Agreement’), along with the terms and conditions as stated in our Privacy Policy.
We reserve the right to change this User Agreement from time to time without notice. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this User Agreement periodically to familiarize yourself with any modifications. Your continued use of this site after such modifications will constitute acknowledgment and agreement of the modified terms and conditions.
Responsible Use and Conduct
By visiting our website and accessing (a) products (‘Software’); (b) materials, services, and tools (hereafter referred to as 'Resources') we provide for you, either directly or indirectly, you agree to use the Software and Resources only for the purposes intended as permitted by (a) the terms of this User Agreement and License Agreement, and (b) applicable laws, regulations and generally accepted online practices or guidelines.
Wherein, you understand that:
a. Your use of Software is subject to all agreements such as User Agreement or License Agreement that accompanies within the Software or is posted on VeryPDF.com. In the event that Software is provided on or through VeryPDF.com and is not licensed for your use through License Terms specific to the Software, you may not:
i.modify or copy the materials;
ii.use the materials for any commercial purpose, or for any public display (commercial or non-commercial);
iii.attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on VeryPDF.com;
iv.remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials; or
v.transfer the materials to another person or "mirror" the materials on any other server.
b. You may download, store, display on your computer, view, listen to, play and print Resources that are published or broadcasted on VeryPDF.com or made available for download through VeryPDF.com subject to the following conditions:
i. The Resources may be used solely for your personal, informational, internal, noncommercial purposes;
ii.The Resources may not be modified or altered in any way;
iii.The Resources may not be redistributed;
iv.You may not remove any copyright or other proprietary notices contained in the documents and information.
c. Accessing (or attempting to access) any of our Software and Resources by any means other than through the means we provide, is strictly prohibited. You specifically agree not to access (or attempt to access) any of our Software and Resources through any automated, unethical or unconventional means.
d. Engaging in any activity that disrupts or interferes with our Resources, including the servers and/or networks to which our Software and Resources are located or connected, is strictly prohibited.
e. You are solely responsible any consequences, losses, or damages that we may directly or indirectly incur or suffer due to any unauthorized activities conducted by you, as explained above, and may incur criminal or civil liability.
f. We may provide various open communication tools on our website, such as blog comments, blog posts, public chat, forums, message boards, newsgroups, product ratings and reviews, various social media services, etc. You understand that generally we do not pre-screen or monitor the content posted by users of these various communication tools, which means that if you choose to use these tools to submit any type of content to our website, then it is your personal responsibility to use these tools in a responsible and ethical manner. By posting information or otherwise using any open communication tools as mentioned, you agree that you will not upload, post, share, or otherwise distribute any content that:
We have the right at our sole discretion to remove any content that, we feel in our judgment does not comply with this User Agreement, along with any content that we feel is otherwise offensive, harmful, objectionable, inaccurate, or violates any 3rd party copyrights or trademarks. We are not responsible for any delay or failure in removing such content. If you post content that we choose to remove, you hereby consent to such removal, and consent to waive any claim against us.
i. is illegal, threatening, defamatory, abusive, harassing, degrading, intimidating, fraudulent, deceptive, invasive, racist, or contains any type of suggestive, inappropriate, or explicit language;
ii. infringes on any trademark, patent, trade secret, copyright, or other proprietary right of any party;
iii. contains any type of unauthorized or unsolicited advertising;
iv. impersonates any person or entity, including any VeryPDF.com employees or representatives.
g. We do not assume any liability for any content posted by you or any other 3rd party users of our website. However, any content posted by you using any open communication tools on our website, provided that it doesn't violate or infringe on any 3rd party copyrights or trademarks, becomes the property of VeryPDF.com, and as such, gives us a perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide, royalty-free, exclusive license to reproduce, modify, adapt, translate, publish, publicly display and/or distribute as we see fit. This only refers and applies to content posted via open communication tools as described, and does not refer to information that is provided as part of the registration process, necessary in order to use our Resources. All information provided as part of our registration process is covered by our privacy policy.
h. You agree to indemnify and hold harmless VeryPDF.com and its parent company and affiliates, and their directors, officers, managers, employees, donors, agents, and licensors, from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, resulting from any violation of this User Agreement or the failure to fulfill any obligations relating to your account incurred by you or any other person using your account. We reserve the right to take over the exclusive defense of any claim for which we are entitled to indemnification under this User Agreement. In such event, you shall provide us with such cooperation as is reasonably requested by us.
Privacy
Your privacy is very important to us, which is why we've created a separate Privacy Policy in order to explain in detail how we collect, manage, process, secure, and store your private information. Our privacy policy is included under the scope of this User Agreement. To read our privacy policy in its entirety, click here.
Limitation of Warranties
By using our website, you understand and agree that all Resources we provide are "as is" and "as available". This means that we do not represent or warrant to you that: i) the use of our Resources will meet your needs or requirements.
ii) the use of our Resources will be uninterrupted, timely, secure or free from errors.
iii) the information obtained by using our Resources will be accurate or reliable, and
iv) any defects in the operation or functionality of any Resources we provide will be repaired or corrected.
Furthermore, you understand and agree that:
v) any content downloaded or otherwise obtained through the use of our Resources is done at your own discretion and risk, and that you are solely responsible for any damage to your computer or other devices for any loss of data that may result from the download of such content.
vi) no information or advice, whether expressed, implied, oral or written, obtained by you from VeryPDF.com or through any Resources we provide shall create any warranty, guarantee, or conditions of any kind, except for those expressly outlined in this User Agreement.
Limitation of Liability
In conjunction with the Limitation of Warranties as explained above, you expressly understand and agree that any claim against us shall be limited to the amount you paid, if any, for use of products and/or services. VeryPDF.com will not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, consequential or exemplary loss or damages which may be incurred by you as a result of using our Resources, or as a result of any changes, data loss or corruption, cancellation, loss of access, or downtime to the full extent that applicable limitation of liability laws apply.
Copyrights/Trademarks
All content and materials available on VeryPDF.com, including but not limited to text, graphics, website name, code, images and logos are the intellectual property of VeryPDF.com, and are protected by applicable copyright and trademark law. Any inappropriate use, including but not limited to the reproduction, distribution, display or transmission of any content on this site is strictly prohibited, unless specifically authorized by VeryPDF.com.
Termination of Use
You agree that we may, at our sole discretion, suspend or terminate your access to all or part of our website and Resources with or without notice and for any reason, including, without limitation, breach of this User Agreement. Any suspected illegal, fraudulent or abusive activity may be grounds for terminating your relationship and may be referred to appropriate law enforcement authorities. Upon suspension or termination, your right to use the Resources we provide will immediately cease, and we reserve the right to remove or delete any information that you may have on file with us, including any account or login information.
Governing Law
This website is controlled by VeryPDF.com. It can be accessed by most countries around the world. By accessing our website, you agree that the statutes and laws of our state, without regard to the conflict of laws and the United Nations Convention on the International Sales of Goods, will apply to all matters relating to the use of this website and the purchase of any products or services through this site. Furthermore, any action to enforce this User Agreement shall be brought in the federal or state courts. You hereby agree to personal jurisdiction by such courts, and waive any jurisdictional, venue, or inconvenient forum objections to such courts.
Guarantee
UNLESS OTHERWISE EXPRESSED, VeryPDF.com EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.
This agreement is in effect as of Feb 01, 2012.
Contact Information
If you have any questions or comments about these our Terms of Service as outlined above, you can contact us via:
Website www.VeryPDF.com or Email support@verypdf.com
About Us |
Reseller |
Solution |
Contact Us |
Privacy |
Terms of Use |
Links |
Sitemap |
Affiliate |
VeryDOC |
Online |
VeryUtils
Copyright © 2002 - 2020 VeryPDF.com, Inc. All rights reserved.