http://www.iksanika.com/company/privacy_policy.html
Services
Software Development
Quality Assurance
Maintenance and Support
Reengineering
Consulting
Dedicated Development Team
Industries
Software and Technology
Online Service Providers (OSP)
Software Product and Services Vendors
Business Application/Solution Vendors
Travel and Entertainment
Resort and Hospitality
Finance and Banking
Solutions
Mobile Apps Development
iPad Development
Android Apps Development
E-Commerce Development
Rich Internet Applications
Game Development
Technologies
PHP/LAMP, Ruby Development
Flex, AIR, Flash Development
Java Development
Microsoft .NET Development
Company
Our Team
Customers
Testimonials
Car Service Network Management Solution
E-Commerce solution
Supply Chain Management Solution
Advertising Management Solution
Hosted ATM Bank Solution
Exchange Trading Platform
Partnership
News
Open Positions
Contact Us
Privacy Policy Statement
Information about our Organization and Web site
Type of Information We Collect and What We Do With It
Links to Third Party Sites or Products
Access to the personal data we may hold about you
Privacy Policy Changes
Information about our Organization and Web site
This is the web site of Iksanika llc. We are based in San Jose, California, United States with our own development center in Eastern Europe – Minsk, Belarus.
Our principal activities are:
software development
consulting
We can be reached via e-mail info@iksanika.com.
Type of Information We Collect and What We Do With It
For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes only the consumer’s domain name, but not the e-mail address (where possible). You can access our Web site home page and browse our site without disclosing your personal data.
We collect only the domain name, but not the e-mail address of visitors to our Web page, the e-mail addresses of those who post messages to our bulletin board, the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail, aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit, information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations. We do so for the following purposes:
Technical administration of the Web site
Research and development
Customer administration
Marketing
The information we collect helps us provide you the highest possible level of service and support.
We do not collect information about our visitors from other sources, such as public records or bodies, or private organizations. We do not use cookies on our Web site. Our Web site does not enable our visitors to communicate with other visitors or to post information to be accessed by others.
We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site.
Where we disclose your personal data for purposes as those indicated above, we provide you with the means to opt-out of disclosure by sending an email (info@iksanika.com).
Where we disclose your personal data for purposes which are different from those indicated above, we offer you the opportunity to consent to disclosure by sending us e-mail at the above address.
You may prevent your information from being used for purposes other than those for which it was originally collected by e-mailing us at the above address.
If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address. Please provide us with your exact name and address – we will be sure your name is removed from our mailing lists.
Links to Third Party Sites or Products
Our web site contains links to web sites operated and maintained by third parties as well as links to products and services (including software) provided by third parties. We have no control whatsoever over such third parties or their web sites or products or services. Privacy policies of such linked sites or products or services may be different from our privacy policy. You access such linked sites or products or services at your own risk. You should always read the privacy policy of a linked site or product or service before disclosing any personal information on such site.
Access to the personal data we may hold about you
Upon request we provide site visitors with access to all information [including proprietary information] that we maintain about them, financial information (e.g., credit card account information) that we maintain about them, unique identifier information (e.g., customer number or password) that we maintain about them, transaction information (e.g., dates on which customers made purchases, amounts and types of purchases) that we maintain about them, communications that the consumer/visitor has directed to our site (e.g., e-mails, customer inquiries), contact information (e.g., name, address, phone number) that we maintain about them , a description of information that we maintain about them.
You can access this information by e-mail us at the above address.
We allow you to challenge the data that we hold about you and, where appropriate, you may have the data:
erased
rectified or amended
completed
We reserve the right to refuse to provide our visitors with a copy of their personal data, but will give reasons for our refusal.
We do, however, allow you to challenge our decision to refuse to provide you with a copy of your personal data.
Privacy Policy Changes
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our Web site to notify you of these changes and we will use for these new purposes only data collected from the time of the policy change forward. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our Web site periodically.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above address.
Last updated on February 25, 2007.
Copyright © 2000-2016 Software Company Iksanika llc. All rights reserved.
Use of this website signifies your agreement to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy (updated 25-02-2007).
Magento One Step Checkout    Magento Advanced Admin Products Manager