https://www.pcdj.com/support/privacy-policy/
Privacy Statement
PCDJ.COM is a Web site owned and operated by Digital 1 DJ (D1DJ). Please read these statements, terms and conditions carefully before using the pcdj.com site. By accessing or using this site, you acknowledge and agree to the disclaimers, terms and conditions set forth below. If you do not agree, please do not use this site. Please read the following carefully.
D1DJ gathers certain types of information about the people who download and use PCDJ products. The following policy explains what information is captured, how it is handled and how to change it. The policy is subject to change from time to time so please check back periodically.
Gather and Tracked Information
D1DJ
gathers two types of information about users: data that users provide
through voluntary registrations on our site and in certain contests and
sweepstakes; and data PCDJ gathers through aggregating tracking
information derived mainly by tallying page views throughout our sites
and click-throughs on our newsletters or advertisements. Such
information enables us to better tailor our content to customer needs
and to help our advertisers better understand the demographics of our
audience. Because D1DJ derives its revenue from pcdj.com mainly from
advertising and partnership revenue sharing, providing such aggregated
demographic data is essential to keeping our service free.
Registration
During registration the user is required to supply a name and email
address, and at times, other information. In addition, the user can
choose to subscribe to receive the PCDJ electronic newsletter and
offers of interest from third parties.
Surveys
Occasionally
D1DJ conducts user surveys to better target our content to our
audience. We sometimes share the aggregated demographic information in
these surveys with our advertisers and partners.
Contests and Sweepstakes
D1DJ
offers contests and sweepstakes in which we request certain
information. At a minimum, the required information includes name and
email address; in some cases, the user must answer mandatory survey
questions about a range of other data. The information gathered in the
entry form is used to verify the entrant’s identity, to send the
entrant an email notification that their entry has been received, and
to contact winners and/or prize recipients. There are two situations in
which D1DJ will divulge this information to a third party:
A user may expressly choose to receive additional information from the
contest sponsor, in which case the user’s personally identifiable
information is divulged to the advertiser.
Some of the contests may be hosted on the pcdj.com site but
administered by the sponsor; in such cases, the information a user
provides is passed on to the third party.
Because
the rules and terms of each contest can vary, all information about
each contest is clearly posted during the event. All contests and
sweepstakes are conducted in full accordance with United States federal
and state laws.
Electronic Newsletters
D1DJ offers a free PCDJ electronic newsletter to users who provide an
email address and leave a check in the box next to the statement
“PERIODICALLY SEND ME THE PCDJ NEWSLETTER.” Users may remove themselves
from this mailing list by following the instructions contained at the
end of every newsletter. Users can subscribe to the newsletters at the
time of registration and thereafter by going to the Subscribe page of
our site.
Third Party Marketing Offers
D1DJ enables the delivery of interesting third party marketing and product offerings via email to registered recipients. Users have an opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications at the point of registration by deleting the check in the box next to “NOTIFY ME OF PRODUCT UPDATES AND SPECIAL OFFERS OF POTENTIAL INTEREST FROM PCDJ AND ITS PARTNERS” or by contacting our “subscribe” page. Please note that if users subsequently wish to remove their information from third party databases, it may be necessary for the users to contact the third party directly and follow their unsubscribe procedures. Any user experiencing difficulty unsubscribing should contact us Here.
Usage Tracking
D1DJ
tracks user traffic patterns throughout our site for the purpose of
determining which sections of our website are most popular.
Counters
On
occasion, D1DJ uses a counter to track user traffic patterns on our Web
site. A counter provides no user identifiable data but allows D1DJ to
count which pages have been viewed. PCDJ does not aggregate or track
personally identifiable information when using a counter, only usage
patterns. This information is collected for internal marketing and
sales efforts to better target advertisements and other content to our
users in an effort to create a personally relevant internet experience
for each user. The data is also used to predict responses to
advertisements, to help determine which ads perform best and which
content is most appropriate for different users. This data may be
shared with third party partners of D1DJ on a blind basis, but is not
provided to third parties in connection with personally identifiable
information which would allow a third party to directly link such
information to a particular user.
Cookies
pcdj.com uses your browser to set a “cookie” on your system. A cookie
is a unique number that is recorded and stored on a user’s computer in
their web browser’s cookie file. Cookies do not harm computers and
can’t read data off your hard disk. They simply allow us to measure and
report the click through rate and provide important insight that is
used to provide a more enriching experience for the computing public.
While aggregate counts of click through behavior are provided to
advertisers and revenue sharing partners, the cookie will not, in any
way, be associated with any personal data about the user. An advertiser
will never know that a specific user clicked their ad.
While
cookies are not essential to D1DJ’s continued success, they do help us
to reach several of our key goals, to provide a more fulfilling,
results oriented experience on our Web site, reducing repetition of
advertising and increasing the amount of relevant data viewed by users.
A user may choose to
opt-out of receiving the benefits associated with our use of cookies at
any time by following a simple procedure to manually delete his or her
cookies. Users should refer to their respective browser’s user manual
for instructions on taking such action.
pcdj.com
uses cookies to track user traffic patterns (as described above), when
you register as a PCDJ member, and when you click an ad.
Registration:
When you register, pcdj.com uses a cookie to store a unique, random
user ID. We do not store passwords or any personal information about
you. We use this ID to identify you anonymously in our database and to
track the pages you visit on our site. We encrypt the user ID for added
security.
Ads: D1DJ’s advertising system delivers a one-time cookie to better track ad impressions and click rates.
Use of Information
D1DJ
uses the information voluntarily given by our users to enhance their
experience on our site, whether to provide interactive or personalized
elements on the site or to better prepare future content based on the
interests of our users. D1DJ also uses the information to attract
advertisers and will convey our database of e-mail names and addresses
to third party retailers making target specific offers of potential
interest to our users.
D1DJ
uses information that users voluntarily provide in order to send out
electronic newsletters and to enable users to participate in contests.
We send out newsletters to subscribers on a regular schedule, and
occasionally send out special editions when we think subscribers might
be particularly interested in something.
We
use tracking information to determine which areas of our sites users
like and don’t like based on traffic to those areas. D1DJ does not
track what individual users read, but rather how well each page
performs overall. This helps us continue to build a better service for
you.
D1DJ creates
aggregate reports on user demographics and traffic patterns for
advertisers and partners. This allows our advertisers to advertise more
effectively, and allows our users to receive advertisements that are
pertinent to their needs.
Sharing of Information
D1DJ uses the above-described information to tailor our content to suit your needs and help our advertisers better understand our audience’s demographics. This is essential to keeping our service free. We also use the information to send targeted information and advertising to the user in e-mail or newsletter format, and to contact users for feedback and surveys.
D1DJ may share the registration information provided by users with 1) companies providing products similar to D1DJ products and 2) companies that target specific offers of potential interest to users sharing our user demographics. You may from time to time be contacted so that you can receive information or special offers from these companies. If you do not want to receive mailings and offers, let us know by removing the check marks in the boxes next to the following statements on our registration page: “PERIODICALLY SEND ME THE PCDJ NEWSLETTER” and “NOTIFY ME OF PRODUCT UPDATES AND SPECIAL OFFERS OF POTENTIAL INTEREST FROM PCDJ AND ITS PARTNERS”, or respond to the email following the unsubscribe instructions. Please note that if users subsequently wish to remove their information from third party databases, it may be necessary for the users to contact the third party directly and follow their unsubscribe procedures. Any user experiencing difficulty unsubscribing should contact us HERE
Children Privacy
D1DJ is sensitive to the issue of children’s privacy and wants to protect the privacy of children surfing the Web. D1DJ’s web site, products, and services are not developed for or directed at children. If you believe your child has provided D1DJ with personally identifiable data, or registered at D1DJ’s Web site, and you would like to have them removed, please contact us HERE
OPT-OUT Policy
D1DJ gives users an option to opt-out and not receive our e-mail newsletter or targeted and demographically suited offers. To opt out, let us know by deleting the check marks from the boxes next to these statements on your registration form: “PERIODICALLY SEND ME THE PCDJ NEWSLETTER” and “NOTIFY ME OF PRODUCT UPDATES AND SPECIAL OFFERS OF POTENTIAL INTEREST FROM PCDJ AND ITS PARTNERS” or respond to the email following the unsubscribe instructions. Please note that if users subsequently wish to remove their information from third party databases, it may be necessary for the users to contact the third party directly and follow their unsubscribe procedures. Any user experiencing difficulty unsubscribing should contact us HERE
Correct / Update Policy
D1DJ offers users the ability to correct or change the information collected during the registration process. The instructions for doing this can be found in our Subscribe area. Users may change this information at any time and as often as necessary. Users who are experiencing problems or who have any questions about how our services work can contact us HERE.
Tweets by @PCDJSoftware
Support
Dealers
Blog
Music Subscription Services
User Forum
About Us
Contact
Legal
Privacy Policy
Sell PCDJ Online
PCDJ Sales 1-877-999-7235
Sales Office Open:
Mon – Thurs: 9am – 6pm EST
Fri: 9am – 5pm EST
Contact Sales Here
Scroll to top