https://www.hosting4less.com/about-us/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Hosting 4 Less > About Us > Privacy Policy
Hosting 4 Less respects the privacy of its customers and visitors and is committed to protecting the personal information of its customers and visitors. This Privacy Policy covers the site www.Hosting4Less.com. We collect no personally identifiable information about you when you visit our site unless you choose to provide that information to us or as specifically outlined in this Policy.
This Policy describes our general principles for the collection and use of information from customers and visitors to our Web site. We want to ensure that you understand how we will and will not use the information you entrust to us. In order to fully understand your rights we encourage you to read this Policy.
For visitors, we’ve structured our Web site so that, in general, you can visit us on the Web without identifying yourself or revealing any personal information.
For prospective and existing customers and partners, once you choose to provide us with personally identifiable information (any information by which you can be identified), you can be assured that it will only be used to support your relationship with Hosting 4 Less.
What Type of information does Hosting 4 Less collect?When you visit our Web site, our Web server collects basic user information about you that includes your ISP’s domain, the time you accessed our Web site, and the pages from within our Web site that you visit and is not personally identifiable information except as needed to prevent fraud or abuse of the system.
When you sign up for services provided by Hosting 4 Less, you provide us with both contact and payment information. Contact information typically includes your name, address, and phone number. Payment information typically includes a credit card number.
While you are a Hosting 4 Less customer, we manage information with regard to your account status, choice of services, and customer logs. In addition, we may store customers’ electronic mail and other communications as a necessary incident to the transmission and delivery of those communications.How does Hosting 4 Less use this information?Hosting 4 Less does not trade, rent or sell your personal information to any other organization or third party. We use the contact information you provide us to establish our service for you. We use payment information for payment processing purposes only. We create and maintain other information such as customer account status, choice of services, and customer logs in the normal course of providing service. By pressing the .submit. button, each visitor constitutes consent to use the information for purposes stated in this Policy.
We will not otherwise disclose customer personal and account information unless we have reason to believe that disclosing such information is necessary to identify, make contact with, or bring legal action against someone who may be causing harm or interfering with the rights or property of Hosting 4 Less, our customers, or others. We may provide information to regulatory authorities and law enforcement officials in accordance with applicable laws or where Hosting 4 Less has a good faith belief that the law requires such disclosure.
Hosting 4 Less also will not disclose to third parties the contents of any electronic mail or other electronic communications that Hosting 4 Less stores or transmits for its customers except where: (a) it is a matter of public safety or policy; (b) it is in connection with the transfer of other business assets; (c) it is required to cooperate with orders, warrants, or other legal process that Hosting 4 Less determines in its sole discretion to be valid and enforceable; and (d) it is necessary to provide to a law enforcement agency when the contents are inadvertently obtained by Hosting 4 Less and appear to pertain to the commission of a crime.
Hosting 4 Less disclaims any intention to censor, edit, or engage in ongoing review or surveillance of communications stored on or transmitted through its facilities by customers or others. Hosting 4 Less will, however, review, delete, or block access to communications that may harm Hosting 4 Less, its customers or third parties. The grounds on which Hosting 4 Less may take such action include, but are not limited to, actual or potential violations of the TAC.
Please note that Hosting 4 Less may use the information collected to direct notices as well as provide you with other general information that may be of interest to you and information about our services or product offering, as well as other important information regarding your account or services at our discretion.
Customers may opt out of receiving newsletters and/or promotional emails from Hosting 4 Less by sending a request to support@hosting4less.com. In this request, customers must identify their domain name and contact information. Customers may not opt out of receiving information from Hosting 4 Less which is essential for maintaining or updating customers account or system information.Third Party Advertising and CookiesThe basic user information collected is used to help us analyze Web traffic, improve the content of our Web site and improve your experience on our Web site.
We do not trade, rent or sell your personal information to others, except as detailed in this Policy. We currently contract with several online partners who use the data only on our behalf to help manage and optimize our Internet business and communications. We use the services of a marketing company to help us measure the effectiveness of our advertising and how visitors use our site. To do this, we use Action Tags and cookies provided by our marketing company on this site. The information collected by the marketing company through the use of Action Tags and cookies is not personally identifiable. The information we collect helps us learn things like what kinds of customers our site attracts, which of our products most interest our customers, and what kinds of offers our customers like to see. Although our marketing company logs the information coming from our site on our behalf, we control how that data may and may not be used.
We may at times also use cookies, which are small pieces of information that a Web site can store in a designated file on your computer. Cookies allow a Web application to respond to you as an individual. By gathering and remembering information about your preferences, the Web application can tailor its operation to your needs, likes, and dislikes. Most web browsers allow you to control this use of cookies. Please take a look at your particular browser for instructions on this function. If you elect to disable cookies, please keep in mind that you will not be able to take full advantage of a personalized experience on our Web site. It is possible that some portions of the site will not function properly or may perform more slowly if you choose to reject cookies.Privacy Regarding ChildrenHosting 4 Less does not sell products or services for purchase by children. Customers must be at least 18 years of age. Any individual under the age of 18 (.Minor.) must have a parent or guardian accept the TAC in order for the Minor to become a Customer. If you are under 18, we strongly encourage you to use our Web site only with the involvement of a parent or guardian.SecurityHosting 4 Less has security measures in place to help prevent the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. When you place an order online, your information, including your credit card number, is protected using Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption technology. This encrypts order data and is designed to aid in ensuring the accuracy and security of that customer’s information.Links on Our Web SiteOur Web site provides links to other Web sites, sites that may be maintained by companies that are not affiliates of ours. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites and we encourage you to use caution. In particular, we recommend that you view the privacy policy posted on each site to confirm the site’s policies are acceptable to you. This Policy applies solely to information collected by this Web site.Processing in the United StatesYour personal information may be processed in countries other than the country in which you reside. These countries may have data protection laws that are different to the laws of your country, and in some cases, may not be as protective. Specifically, our Website servers are located in the United States. This means that when we collect your personal information and we
process it in the United States. We have taken appropriate safeguards to require that your personal information will remain protected in accordance with this Privacy Policy.Data Retention and DeletionWe retain personal information we collect from you where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so (for example, to comply with applicable legal, tax or accounting requirements, to enforce our agreements or comply with our legal obligations). When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will delete it.Your Choices About PrivacyHosting 4 Less customers with established accounts may review and alter the contact information associated with their Hosting 4 Less account(s) by contacting us at support@hosting4less.com. To unsubscribe from promotional marketing emails you can click the unsubscribe link in a promotional email or email us at support@hosting4less.com.
You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of our Website may then be inaccessible or not function properly.Changes to our PolicyHosting 4 Less reserves the right to change this Policy simply by posting such changes on our site. We encourage you to periodically check our site for changes to this Policy since your continued use of the site following any changes to this Policy will be deemed to constitute your acceptance of such change. The operative and effective version of this Policy will be the latest version available on the site.Contact UsIf you have questions or concerns regarding this Policy, you should contact us at 888-818-0444 or via email support@hosting4less.com. Or
Attn: Privacy Policy
Hosting 4 Less
9586 Topanga Canyon Blvd.
Chatsworth, CA 91311
Site Search
Domain Availability Search
Search
Additional Web Services
About Us
Our Web Hosting Network
Why Choose Hosting 4 Less?
99.9% Uptime Guarantee
30 Day Money Back Guarantee
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Web Hosting
Shared Web Hosting Details
Web Hosting Sign Up
High Bandwidth Web Hosting
High Bandwidth Web Hosting Details
Dedicated Web Hosting
Dedicated Hosting Sign Up
Free Domain Name Parking
Ecommerce Hosting
Ecommerce Hosting Details
Ecommerce Hosting Sign Up
FTP Hosting
Basic FTP Hosting
Corporate FTP Hosting
FTP Hosting Sign Up
FTP Hosting FAQs
SSL Certificates
Buy SSL Certificate
Digicert SSL Certificates
GeoTrust SSL Certificates
RapidSSL Certificates
SSL Certificates FAQs
Code Signing Certificates
Buy Code Signing Certificate
Digicert Code Signing Certificates
Thawte Code Signing Certificates
Digicert Code Signing FAQs
Thawte Code Signing FAQs
Contact UsHosting 4 Less9586 Topanga Canyon Blvd.
Chatsworth, CA 913111.888.818.0444support@hosting4less.comhttp://www.hosting4less.com
Links
Web Hosting Support Site
Dial-Up Internet
SSL Certificates
4G LTE Wireless Internet Failover
ABOUT SSL CERTIFICATES
Copyright 4 Less Communications, Inc.
© . All Rights Reserved.