http://www.crossbeam.com/privacy
Crossbeam Privacy Policy
Last Modified: August 25, 2020
Crossbeam, Inc. ("Crossbeam," "we," "our" or "us") is committed
to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy explains how Crossbeam
collects, uses, and shares the personal information we collect from visitors to
our website ("Site") as well as how we collect and use information from our
Corporate Customers and our Corporate Customers' end-users (collectively
referred to as our "Customers") during the provision of our services to
those Customers ("Service(s)"). By accessing or using our Service, you
signify that you have read, understood and agree to our collection, storage,
use and disclosure of your personal information as described in this Privacy
Policy and our Terms of Service.
For the purposes of EU data protection laws ("Data Protection Law"),
Crossbeam is data controller of the information collected from visitors via the
Site and where we process basic contact details of our Corporate Customers for
the purposes of entering into a contract with those Corporate Customers.
How We Collect and Use Information.
We collect personal information from our Site visitors in order to provide you
with a personalized, useful and efficient experience and we collect personal
information from our Customers to provide them with our Services. The
categories of information we collect can include:
Information that you provide to us
Site visitors We collect your personal information (e.g., name, postal
address, email address) in order for you to communicate with us. We may also
collect any communications that you exchange with us, as well as any
information you provide if you take part in any interactive features of the
Site (e.g., promotions, surveys, etc.).
Customers
Corporate Customers We collect information that Corporate Customers
provide to us when they set up an account with us, use our Services, or
communicate with us. For example, we may request Corporate Customers
personal information (e.g., name, postal address, email address,
telephone number) or applicable business information (e.g., company name,
title, social profile links) when the Corporate Customer registers for an
account or purchases our Service. We may also collect any communications
that Corporate Customers exchange with us, as well as any information
provided if they take part in any interactive features of the Service
(e.g., promotions, surveys, etc.). We collect information provided when
providing content or commentary to our Service in the form of profile
information, content posts, comments, and the like ("Corporate Customer
Content").
Customers' end-users We collect information that end-users provide to
us when using our Services or communicating with us. This may include an
end-user's name and any communications that they exchange with us, as
well as any information provided if they take part in any interactive
features of the Service (e.g., promotions, surveys, etc.). We collect
information end-users provide when providing content or commentary to our
Service in the form of profile information, content posts, comments, and
the like ("End-User Content").
"Corporate Customer Content" and "End-User Content" to be referred
to collectively as "User Content".
Please note that User Content is published on our Site, but will only be
viewable by other users with whom you have formed connections or when you
have designated it as public content. Additionally, we collect information
that you may upload through the Site or push through to us through our API
or through the API of one of our third party service providers ("Business
Content").
Information we receive from social networking sites
When Site visitors and our Corporate Customers' end-users interact with our
Site through various social media, such as when they share Crossbeam content on
LinkedIn, Google or other sites, or when Corporate Customers login through your
LinkedIn or Google account, we may receive information from the social network
including without limitation, profile information, profile picture, gender,
user name, user ID associated with that social media account, age range,
language, country, friends list, and any other information which the Site
visitors or Corporate Customers permit the social network to share with third
parties. The data we receive is dependent upon privacy settings with the social
network. Please review, and if necessary, adjust your privacy settings on
third-party websites and services before linking or connecting them to our Site
or Service.
Address Book Information With the permission of Corporate
Customers, Crossbeam may access their contact list available on their systems,
email accounts, or in Google or LinkedIn accounts so that they can locate
contacts on the Service and invite those contacts to connect with our Service.
Crossbeam obtains an individual's permission via an opt-in onboarding process
within the Service. When we send the invitation to those contacts to join the
Service, we will include the Corporate Customer's name, business and photo to
let them know the identity of the person extending the invitation. After
sending these invitations, we may also send reminder emails to those invitees
on behalf of the Corporate Customer, which may also include the Corporate
Customer's name, business and photo. We will store these contacts for purposes
of alerting the Corporate Customers when those contacts join the Service at a
later time so that Corporate Customers may connect with them on the Service,
solely to the extent that such contacts have not opted out of this feature.
Please note that there is an option for Corporate Customers to opt-out within
the Service.
Information from other sources
We may obtain information from other sources, such as third-party information
providers, or through mergers and acquisitions, and combine this with
information previously collected. In these cases, our Privacy Policy governs
the handling of the combined personal information.
We use this information to operate, maintain, and provide to you the features
and functionality of the Service, as well as to communicate directly with you,
such as to send you email messages about products and services that may be of
interest to you. We may also send you Service-related emails or messages (e.g.,
account verification, purchase confirmation, changes or updates to features of
the Service, technical and security notices). Similarly, if you request
information from us through an online contact form or if you email us, we
collect the information you provide (e.g., name, telephone number, email
address) so that we can respond to you. For more information about your
communication preferences, see "Control Over Your Information" below.
2 Legal basis for processing in the EU
In the EU, the purposes for which we process your personal data are:
where we need to perform the contract we are about to enter into or have
entered into with you for the Service;
Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third
party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those
interests; and
Where we need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation in the EU.
Please contact us if you need details about the specific
legal basis we are relying on to process your personal data where more than one
legal basis has been set out.
3 How We Use Cookies and Other Tracking Technology To Collect Information
We, and our third party partners, automatically collect certain types of usage
information when you visit our Site, read our emails, or otherwise engage with
us. We typically collect this information through a variety of tracking
technologies, including without limitation, cookies, web beacons, file
information and similar technology (collectively, "tracking technologies").
For example, we collect information about your device and its software, such as
your IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, platform type, device
type, operating system, date and time stamp, a unique ID that allows us to
uniquely identify your browser, mobile device or your account, and other such
information. We also collect information about the way you use our Site, for
example, the site from which you came and the site to which you are going when
you leave our Site, the pages you visit, the links you click, how frequently
you access the Site, whether you open emails or click the links contained in
emails, and other actions you take on the Site. When you access our Site from a
mobile device, we may collect unique identification numbers associated with
your device or our mobile application (including without limitation, for
example, a UDID, Unique ID for Advertisers ("IDFA"), Google AdID, or Windows
Advertising ID), mobile carrier, device type, model and manufacturer, mobile
device operating system brand and model, phone number, and depending on your
mobile device settings, your geographical location data, including without
limitation, GPS coordinates (e.g., latitude and/or longitude) or similar
information regarding the location of your mobile device, or we may be able to
approximate a device’s location by analyzing other information, like an IP
address. We may collect analytics data, or use third-party analytics tools, to
help us measure traffic and usage trends for the Site and to understand more
about the demographics of our users. Although we do our best to honor the
privacy preferences of our users, we are unable to respond to Do Not Track
signals set by your browser at this time.
We use or may use the data collected through tracking technologies to: (a)
remember information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit
or the next time you visit the Site; (b) provide custom, personalized content
and information, including without limitation, targeted content and
advertising; (c) provide and monitor the effectiveness of our Service; (d)
monitor aggregate metrics such as total number of visitors, traffic, usage, and
demographic patterns on our Site; (e) diagnose or fix technology problems; and
(f) otherwise to plan for and enhance our Service.
If you would prefer not to accept cookies, most browsers will allow you to: (i)
change your browser settings to notify you when you receive a cookie, which
lets you choose whether or not to accept it; (ii) disable existing cookies; or
(iii) set your browser to automatically reject cookies. Please note that doing
so may negatively impact your experience using the Site, as some features and
services on our Site may not work properly. Depending on your mobile device and
operating system, you may not be able to delete or block all cookies. You may
also set your e-mail options to prevent the automatic downloading of images
that may contain technologies that would allow us to know whether you have
accessed our e-mail and performed certain functions with it.
We and our third party partners may also use cookies and tracking technologies
for advertising purposes. For more information about tracking technologies,
please see "Third Party Tracking and Online Advertising" below.
4 How We Share Personal Information
We may share your personal information in the instances described below. For
further information on your choices regarding your information, see "Control
Over Your Information."
We may share your personal information with third-party service providers or
business partners who help us deliver or improve our Service or who perform
services on our behalf, such as identifying and serving targeted
advertisements, processing payments, sending postal mail, providing
back-office services, or measuring Site traffic. Note that individuals can
opt in or opt out by logging into the Service and updating the communication
preferences section of their settings page
We may aggregate, or strip information of personally identifying
characteristics, and then share that aggregated or anonymized information
with third parties, including without limitation, to publish research
reports.
We may share or disclose your personal information if we determine, in our
sole discretion, that we are required to do so under applicable law or
regulatory requirements, or if we reasonably believe disclosure is necessary
to prevent harm or financial loss, or in connection with preventing fraud or
illegal activity, and/or to enforce our Terms of Service.
We may share with other companies and brands owned or controlled by
Crossbeam, Inc., and other companies owned by or under common ownership as
Crossbeam, which also includes our subsidiaries (i.e., any organization we
own or control) or our ultimate holding company (i.e., any organization that
owns or controls us) and any subsidiaries it owns. These companies will use
your personal information in the same way as we can under this Privacy
Policy;
We reserve the right to transfer any information we collect in the event we
sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets (including
without limitation, any shares in the company) or any portion or combination
of our products, services, businesses and/or assets. Should such a
transaction occur (whether a divestiture, merger, acquisition, bankruptcy,
dissolution, reorganization, liquidation, or similar transaction or
proceeding), we will use reasonable efforts to ensure that any transferred
information is treated in a manner consistent with this Privacy Policy.
5 Customer Data
In providing our Service, our Corporate Customers may upload or push Business
Content to our Service, which may include personal information or data about
our Corporate Customers’ end users (all of which we call "Customer Data").
Customer Data is owned and controlled by our Corporate Customers, and any
Customer Data that we maintain or process we consider to be strictly
confidential. We collect and process Customer Data solely on behalf of our
Corporate Customers, and in accordance with our agreements with the Corporate
Customers, including without limitation, the Terms of Service. We do not use or
disclose Customer Data except as authorized and required by our Corporate
Customers and as provided for in our agreements with our Corporate Customers,
including without limitation, the Terms of Service.
6 Control Over Your Information
Email Communications. From time to time, we may send you emails regarding
updates to our Site, products or services, notices about our organization, or
information about products/services we offer (or promotional offers from third
parties) that we think may be of interest to you. If you wish to unsubscribe
from such emails, simply click the "unsubscribe link" provided at the
bottom of the email communication. Note that you cannot unsubscribe from
certain Services-related email communications (e.g., account verification,
confirmations of transactions, technical or legal notices).
Modifying Account Information. Where Corporate Customers have an online
account with us, they have the ability to modify certain information in their
account (e.g., your contact information) through "profile," "account,"
"settings," or "preferences" options provided on the Site or Service. If
Corporate Customers have any questions about modifying or updating any
information in their account, please contact us at the email or postal address
provided below. Please note that Crossbeam does not own or control the Business
Content uploaded to our Service by our Corporate Customers, and cannot modify
or delete Business Content except at the request of our Corporate Customer, or
as permitted by our Terms of Service.
7 Third Party Tracking and Online Advertising
We may share, or we may permit third party online advertising networks, social
media companies and other third party services, to collect, information about
your use of our Site over time so that they may play or display ads that may be
relevant to your interests on our Site as well as on other websites or apps, or
on other devices you may use. Typically, though not always, the information we
share is provided through cookies or similar tracking technologies, which
recognize the device you are using and collect information, including without
limitation, hashed data, click stream information, browser type, time and date
you visited the Site, and other information. This information is used to
display targeted ads on or through our Site or on other websites or apps,
including without limitation, on Facebook. We or the online advertising
networks use this information to make the advertisements you see online more
relevant to your interests. As noted above, depending on your browser or mobile
device, you may be able set your browser to delete or notify you of cookies and
other tracking technology by actively managing the settings on your browser or
mobile device. You may also be able to limit interest-based advertising through
the settings on your mobile device by selecting "limit ad tracking" (iOS) or
"opt-out of interest based ads" (Android). To learn more about interest-based
advertising and how you may be able to opt-out of some of this advertising, you
may wish to visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s online resources, at
http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices,
and/or the DAA’s resources at
www.aboutads.info/choices, and you may
also adjust your ad preferences through your Facebook settings. You may also be
able to opt-out of some – but not all – interest-based ads served by mobile ad
networks by visiting
http://youradchoices.com/appchoices
and downloading the mobile AppChoices app. You may also manage certain
advertising cookies by visiting the EU-based Your Online Choices at If you have
any questions about opting out of the collection of cookies and other
tracking/recording tools, you can contact us directly at
privacy@crossbeam.com.
8 Data Protection and Security
Data Retention. Following termination or deactivation of your user account,
Crossbeam may retain your information for a commercially reasonable time for
recordkeeping, audit or other purposes. Any Business Content, including without
limitation, any Customer Data that we have access to shall be retained, stored,
and deleted according to our agreement with our business customer, including
without limitation, the Terms of Service.
For individuals based in the EU, UK, or Switzerland, we store personal data for as
long as necessary to fulfil the purposes for which we collect the data (see
above under "How we collect and use information?"), except if required
otherwise by law.
Data storage and transfer. Your information may be stored and processed in
the United States or any other country in which Crossbeam or its subsidiaries,
affiliates or service providers maintain facilities. In addition, if you are located in the European Union or other
regions with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S.
law, please note that we may transfer information, including personal
information, to a country and jurisdiction that does not have the same data
protection laws as your jurisdiction, and you we will take all steps reasonably
necessary to ensure that any personal data are treated securely and in
accordance with this Privacy Policy. Such transfers are made pursuant to
appropriate safeguards. If you wish to enquire further about these transfers,
please contact us using the details set out at the end of this Privacy Policy.
For more information regarding Crossbeam’s compliance with the U.S.-EU and
U.S.-Swiss Privacy Shield Principles, please see our Privacy Shield Privacy
Statement.
Keeping information safe. Crossbeam cares about the security of your
information and uses commercially reasonable physical, technical and
organizational measures designed to preserve the integrity and security of all
information we collect. However, no security system is impenetrable and we
cannot guarantee the security of our systems 100%. In the event that any
information under our control is compromised as a result of a breach of
security, we will take reasonable steps to investigate the situation and where
appropriate, notify those individuals whose information may have been
compromised and take other steps, in accordance with any applicable laws and
regulations.
Crossbeam’s obligations with respect Customer Data are defined in our
agreements with our customers, including without limitation, the Terms of
Service, and are not made part of this Privacy Policy. Each customer will
remain responsible for the privacy and security of the Customer Data that it
collects and processes and for compliance with applicable data protection laws
that may apply to the collection, processing and disclosure of Customer Data
through the Services.
9 Links to Third-Party Websites and Services
For your convenience, our Site and Services may provide links to third-party
websites or services that are not governed by this Privacy Policy. To the
extent that any linked third-party websites or services you visit are not owned
or controlled by Crossbeam, we are not responsible for those websites’ or
services’ content or information practices. We encourage you to review the
privacy policies of any site or service before providing any personal
information.
10 Children’s Privacy
Crossbeam’s Site and Services are intended for use strictly by adults. We do
not knowingly solicit or collect personal information from children under the
age of 13. If we learn that any personal information has been collected
inadvertently from a child under 13, we will delete the information as soon as
possible. If you believe that we might have collected information from a child
under 13, please contact us at privacy@crossbeam.com.
11 Changes to Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time in our
sole discretion. We will post changes on this page and indicate the "last
modified" date at the bottom of this page. Please check back often for any
updates. Your continued use of our Site or Services after any change in this
Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
12 Your California Privacy Rights
If you are a California resident, California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits
you to request information regarding the disclosure of personal information to
third parties for their direct marketing purposes during the immediately
preceding calendar year. You may make one request each year by emailing us at
privacy@crossbeam.com or mailing us at 1315 Wanut Street, Suite 300, Philadelphia, PA 19107.
13 Your rights under GDPR in respect of your personal information if you are located in the EU
If you are located in the EU, you have the following rights under the General
Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) in respect of your personal data that we
hold:
a)
Right of access. The right to obtain access to your personal
data.
b)
Right to rectification. The right to obtain rectification of
your personal data without undue delay where that personal data is
inaccurate or incomplete.
c)
Right to erasure. The right to obtain the erasure of your
personal data without undue delay in certain circumstances, such as
where the personal data is no longer necessary in relation to the
purposes for which it was collected or processed.
d)
Right to restriction. The right to obtain the restriction of the
processing undertaken by us on your personal data in certain
circumstances, such as where the accuracy of the personal data is
contested by you, for a period enabling us to verify the accuracy of
that personal data.
e)
Right to portability. The right to portability allows you to
move, copy or transfer personal data easily from one organization to
another.
f)
Right to object. You have a right to object to processing based
on legitimate interests and direct marketing.
If you wish to exercise one of these rights, please contact us using the
contact details at the end of this Privacy Policy.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint to your local data protection
authority. Further information about how to contact the appropriate data
protection authority is available at
http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/bodies/authorities/index_en.htm.
14 Contact Us
For additional inquiries about this Privacy Policy, please send us an email at
privacy@crossbeam.com, or contact us at:
Crossbeam, Inc.
1315 Wanut Street
Suite 300
Philadelphia, PA 19107
Crossbeam Privacy Shield Statement For EU, UK, and Swiss Personal Data Transferred to the US
Crossbeam complies with the EU-US Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-US
Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the US Department of Commerce
regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information from
European Union member countries, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland transferred to the United
States pursuant to Privacy Shield. Crossbeam has certified that it adheres to
the Privacy Shield Principles with respect to such data. If there is any
conflict between the policies in this privacy policy and data subject rights
under the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall
govern.
To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification
page, please visit https://www.privacyshield.gov/.
Purpose
The purpose of this Crossbeam Privacy Shield Statement ("Statement") is to
outline how we comply with the Principles with respect to the EU, UK, and Swiss
personal information we collect and subsequently transfer into the United
States. If you would like to obtain additional information regarding our
privacy practices in connection with information collected on this website in
general, please refer to our Privacy Policy. If there is any conflict between
this Statement and the Privacy Policy, this Statement shall prevail.
Scope
This Statement applies to any personal information received by Crossbeam from
the European Union, the United Kingdom, or Switzerland in reliance on Privacy Shield.
Crossbeam Data Processing Activities
Crossbeam at times acts as a data processor or a data controller when
processing personal data transferred from the EEA, the UK, or Switzerland. Though the
types of data Crossbeam collects and processes may vary depending on the Terms
of Service and our customers’ preferences, data we collect typically includes
personal information relating to contact information, work history, transaction
and purchase history information, web browsing behavior and other information
relating to a user’s device used to access the services, and other information
as described in our Privacy Policy. Crossbeam processes this data to provide
our business and consumer services; customer service and product support;
communications and marketing; online advertising; analytics to inform and
improve our services; and for other internal purposes.
Principles
Notice. We will provide individuals with notice of our data collection
and processing practices in our Privacy Policy, describing what personal
information we collect, the purpose and use of personal information, the
categories of third parties with whom we may share such information (and
the purposes for which we do so), the individual’s right to access such
information, the choices and means through which the individual may limit
the use and disclosure of personal information, and other disclosures
consistent with the Notice Principle.
You can read about our data collection and processing practices in our main
Privacy Policy.
Choice. We will provide an individual opt-out or opt-in choice before
we share their data with third parties other than our agents and service
providers, or before we use it for a purpose other than it was originally
collected or subsequently authorized. Please note that data sharing only
takes place after an active opt-in using functionality within the Service.
To limit the use and disclosure of your personal information, please submit
a written request to privacy@crossbeam.com.
Onward Transfers (Transfer to Third Parties). Crossbeam may transfer
personal information to certain third parties (as described in our Privacy
Policy). Where we transfer personal information to a third party, will take
reasonable and appropriate steps to ensure the third-party processes
personal information for limited and specified purposes and in a manner
consistent with Crossbeam’s Privacy Shield obligations. Where the transfer
is to a third-party agent acting on our behalf, Crossbeam may be liable if
such third parties fail to meet those obligations, and we are responsible
for the event giving rise to the damage.
Security. We take reasonable and appropriate measures to protect
personal information from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure,
alteration and destruction. We have implemented appropriate physical,
electronic and managerial procedures to help safeguard and secure personal
information from loss, misuse, unauthorized access or disclosure,
alteration or destruction.
Data Integrity and Purpose Limitation. We will process personal
information in a manner that is compatible with and relevant to the purpose
for which it was collected or authorized by individuals. To the extent
necessary for those purposes, we will take reasonable steps to ensure that
personal information is accurate, complete, current and reliable for its
intended use.
Access. EU and Swiss individuals have the right to reasonable access to
the personal information about you that we hold. On request, we will also
take reasonable steps to correct, update, amend or delete any information
that is demonstrated to be inaccurate, except where the burden or expense
of doing so would be disproportionate to the risks to your privacy in the
case in question or where the rights of third parties would be violated.
An individual who seeks access, or who seeks to correct, amend, or delete
inaccurate data, should direct their query to privacy@crossbeam.com.
If requested to remove data, we will respond within a reasonable timeframe.
Jurisdiction and Enforcement. As part of our participation in Privacy
Shield, we are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the
US Federal Trade Commission.
Lawful Requests. Crossbeam may be required to disclose personal
information in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including
to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
Contact Crossbeam and Recourse. In compliance with the Privacy Shield
Principles, Crossbeam commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and
our collection or use of your personal information transferred to the
United States pursuant to Privacy Shield. If you have any questions about
this Statement or the information that we collect from you in reliance on
Privacy Shield, please contact us at privacy@crossbeam.com or write
to:
[Privacy Department], Crossbeam, Inc., 1315 Wanut Street, Suite 300, Philadelphia, PA 19107
In the event that you are concerned about how personal information you have
provided to Crossbeam has been used, please address your inquiry or complaint
first to us at the address listed above. Crossbeam takes all concerns about
privacy and use of personal information very seriously, and shall endeavor to
reply to you within 45 days of receiving a complaint.
Crossbeam has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under
the Privacy Shield Principles to an independent dispute resolution mechanism,
the BBB EU PRIVACY SHIELD, operated by the Council of Better Business Bureaus.
If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint, or if your
complaint is not satisfactorily addressed, please visit
https://www.bbb.org/EU-privacy-shield/for-eu-consumers/ for more information
and to file a complaint. This service is provided free of charge to you.
If your Privacy Shield complaint cannot be resolved through the above channels,
under certain conditions, you may invoke binding arbitration for some residual
claims not resolved by other redress mechanisms. See Privacy Shield Annex 1 at
https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=ANNEX-I-introduction.
We are aware of the July 16, 2020 decision from the European Union Court of Justice which invalidated the EU-U.E. Privacy Shield. Nonetheless, we will continue to abide by the Privacy Shield Principles with respect to the protection of personal information. Crossbeam is closely monitoring developments and guidance from both European and US regulatory authorities and will update this privacy policy as needed.
Product Release Log
Documentation
Partnerbase.com
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
CONTACT US
sales@crossbeam.com