https://www.ez-freebies.com/privacy-policy.php
Freebies \ Add A Freebie \ New Freebies
Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's hard drive containing information about the user. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on our site. Once the user closes their browser, the cookie simply terminates. Some of our business partners use cookies on our site (for example, advertisers). However, we have no access to or control over these cookies. Please refer to the privacy policies of the network for details. In the course of serving advertisements to this site, our third-party advertiser may place or recognize a unique "cookie" on your browser.
Third Party Cookies
In the course of serving advertisements to this site, our third-party advertiser may place or recognize a unique "cookie" or "web beacon" on your browser to collect information.
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on your site. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
Managing Cookies
You can adjust your own personal cookie settings in your browser. Please access your browsers "Help" section and search for "cookie" to manage how your browser handles cookies. You should be able to do everything from allowing all cookies to blocking all cookies.
INDEMNIFICATION
You agree to release, indemnify, and hold EZF, its contractors, agents, employees, attorneys, officers, directors, stockholders, vendors, representatives and affiliates harmless from all liabilities, claims and expenses, including without limitation attorneys' fees relating to or arising under these T&Cs.
Top Searches
coupons
games
movies
clipart
wallpaper
mp3
music
screensavers
ringtones
templates
Add A Freebie
What's New
Top 10 Freebies
Search
Link To Us
Privacy
Bookmark
Random Freebie
Free Site Content
Free Stuff from EZ-Freebies.com