http://www.epic.org/privacy/1974act/
Defend Privacy. Donate Now.
Policy Issues
EPIC Consumer Privacy Project
EPIC Domestic Surveillance Project
EPIC International Program
EPIC Open Government Project
EPIC Policy Project
EPIC Student Privacy Project
All Policy Issues
Our Work
Litigation Docket
Amicus Briefs
APA Comments
Open Government Cases
Privacy Campaigns
Congressional Testimony
EPIC Publications
Spotlight on Surveillance
Press
EPIC in the News
Press Kit
EPIC Alert
EPIC Commentaries
Videos
Events
EPIC Blog
EPIC Bookstore
About EPIC
About EPIC
EPIC Advisory Board
EPIC Board and Staff
Fellowships and Clerkships
Privacy Policy
EPIC Testimonials
EPIC Guidestar Listing
EPIC Charity Navigator Listing
Public Voice Fund
Contact EPIC
Support EPIC
The Privacy Act of 1974
Introduction |
History |
Provisions |
Exceptions |
The Privacy Act Modernization for the Information Age Act of 2011 |
News |
Resources |
Cases
Top News
EPIC to Congress: Suspend DHS Data Transfer to Census Bureau: In a statement to Congress, EPIC warned that the proposed transfer of DHS data to the Census Bureau would violate the federal Privacy Act. The data include personal information about citizens, immigrants, and foreign nationals. EPIC urged the Committee to "block DHS from carrying out this proposed data transfer pending further review." EPIC previously warned the House Oversight Committee that President Trump's Executive Order on collecting citizenship data could undermine Privacy Act safeguards. EPIC opposed the citizenship question in the 2020 Census, arguing that the Bureau failed to complete required privacy impact assessments. EPIC also filed an amicus brief in the Supreme Court case
warning that collecting citizenship information presents "enormous privacy and security concerns." The Supreme Court found the rational for adding the citizen question "contrived" and the question was withdrawn. (Jan.
8, 2020)
DHS Seeks to Transfer Personal Data to Census Bureau in Violation of Privacy Act: The Department of Homeland Security has announced a plan to transfer detailed personal data collected from immigrants to the Census Bureau—an apparent violation of the Privacy Act. In a privacy impact assessment, published over the holiday break, the DHS revealed that it would provide names, addresses, social security numbers, and other highly sensitive data to the Census Bureau. Yet the DHS admitted that individuals weren't aware their personal data would be obtained by the Census Bureau, that the data may be inaccurate, or used for purposes unrelated to the census survey. The proposed data transfer follows a July executive order by President Trump, who vowed that the government "will leave no stone unturned" when seeking citizenship information from every person in the United States. EPIC previously warned Congress that the executive order could undermine Privacy Act safeguards. In EPIC v. Commerce, EPIC challenged the failure of the Census Bureau to conduct privacy impact assessments before adding the (later withdrawn) citizenship question to the 2020 Census. (Jan.
7, 2020)
More top news
EPIC to Congress: Executive Order on Citizenship Status Threatens Privacy (Jul. 23, 2019) +
EPIC has sent a statement to Congress, warning that President Trump's Executive Order on Collecting Information about Citizenship Status could undermine Privacy Act safeguards. EPIC said "Although President Trump has abandoned his quest to seek citizenship information through the 2020 Census, the plan to aggregate data from other agencies in the Commerce Department is also problematic." EPIC explained that the "Executive Order contemplates both the collection of statistical data and the use of citizenship data for determinations about individuals." EPIC opposed the citizenship question in the 2020 Census, arguing in federal court that the Census Bureau failed to complete required privacy impact assessments. EPIC also filed an amicus brief in the Supreme Court case, joined by 23 legal scholars and technical experts, warning that "collecting citizenship status information from hundreds of millions of U.S. residents presents enormous privacy and security concerns."
EPIC Asks Senate to Enforce Privacy Safeguards for "Dreamers" (Oct.
3, 2017) +
EPIC warned the Senate Judiciary Committee that 800,000 DACA applicants face privacy risks as a result of the decision to end the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals. According to EPIC, the Department of Homeland Security has failed to ensure that DACA applicant's information will be used exclusively for the purpose it was disclosed, as set out in the 2012 privacy impact assessment. EPIC urged the Committee to uphold Privacy Act safeguards for DACA applicants.
Court Dismisses Suits Against OPM Over Data Breach that Affected 22 Million (Sep. 20, 2017) +
A federal court in Washington, DC has dismissed two lawsuits against the Office of Personnel Management over the data breaches that compromised the records of 22 million federal employees and family members. The court acknowledged the "troubling allegations" raised by OPM's victims but ruled that "the fact that a person's data was taken" is not "enough by itself to create standing to sue." EPIC has long argued that data breach victims should not wait until they suffer identity theft to sue the parties that failed to protect their data. EPIC also filed comments last year with OPM recommending limits on data collection, has recommended updates to the federal Privacy Act, and has urged the Supreme Court to recognize a right to "informational privacy" and to ensure Privacy Act damages for non-economic harm.
End of DACA Program Poses Privacy Risks to Dreamers (Sep. 20, 2017) +
The recent Department of Homeland Security memo rescinding the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program creates new privacy risks for at least 800,000 individuals. At issue is the personal data provided to DHS by DACA applicants. In the 2012 Privacy Impact Assessment, the DHS stated that personal data would be "protected from disclosure to ICE and CBP for the purpose of immigration enforcement proceedings." Now that the program is set to expire, the personal data provided by DACA applicants is at risk of use for unauthorized purposes, implicating the federal Privacy Act. EPIC has long supported vigorous enforcement of the federal Privacy Act and opposed efforts that target individuals in immigrant communities.
Justice Department Exempts "Insider Threat" Database from Privacy Act Safeguards (Sep. 15, 2017) +
The Department of Justice has issued a final rule on the "Insider Threat" database, a program that allows federal agencies to gather virtually unlimited amounts of personal data on individuals based on broad and ambiguous standards. The Department of Justice exempted itself from Privacy Act safeguards that would limit the collection of personal data, and allow individuals access to their information maintained by the federal agency. In detailed comments, EPIC opposed the exemptions sought by the Justice Department. EPIC also questioned whether that information would be adequately protected. The Justice Department responded to EPIC and acknowledged increases in data breaches in both the public and private sectors but stated that the agency had proper safeguards in place to guard against "anticipated threats."
EPIC FOIA: EPIC Seeks Details of ICE, Palantir Deal (Aug. 15, 2017) +
EPIC has submitted a Freedom of Information Act request to Immigration and Customs Enforcement seeking details of the agency's relationship with Palantir. The federal agency contracted with the Peter Thiel company to establish vast databases of personal information, and develop new capabilities for searching, tracking, and profiling. EPIC is seeking the ICE contracts with Palantir, as well as training materials, reports, analysis, and other documents. The ICE Investigative Case Management System and the FALCON system now connect personal data across federal government, oftentimes in violation of the federal Privacy Act. The Intercept reported that FALCON "will eventually give agents access to more than 4 billion 'individual data records.'" In FOIA lawsuit EPIC v. CBP, EPIC uncovered Planter's role in Analytical Framework for Intelligence, a program that assigns "risk assessment" scores to travelers. EPIC continues to advocate for greater transparency in computer-based decision making.
EPIC Urges Congress to Examine FBI's Biometric Identification Program (Jun. 20, 2017) +
EPIC has sent a statement to the House Appropriations Committee in advance of a hearing on the FBI's budget. EPIC urged the Committee to examine the FBI's Next Generation Identification program. EPIC explained that the program "raises far-reaching privacy issues that implicate the rights of Americans all across the country." The FBI biometric database is one of the largest in the world, but the Bureau proposed to exempt the database from Privacy Act protections. EPIC and others supported strong safeguards for the program. In an early FOIA case against the FBI, EPIC obtained documents which revealed high error levels in the biometric database. EPIC has recently filed a FOIA lawsuit against the FBI for information about the agency's plans to transfer biometric data to the Department of Defense.
EPIC Urges Senate Committee to Investigate FBI's Massive Biometric Database (May.
1, 2017) +
EPIC has sent a statement to the Senate Judiciary Committee for an upcoming FBI oversight hearing. EPIC urged the Committee to investigate the FBI's Next Generation Identification system, a massive biometric database. EPIC has sought to ensure that the FBI database complies fully with the federal Privacy Act which the Bureau has opposed. EPIC explained to the Senate Committee that an individual's ability to control disclosure of identity "is an essential aspect of personal security and privacy." In a leading FOIA lawsuit, EPIC v. FBI, EPIC also uncovered documents which revealed high error rates in the biometric system. EPIC has filed a FOIA lawsuit against the FBI for information about the agency's plans to transfer biometric data to the Department of Defense.
EPIC, Privacy Coalition Meet with EU Data Protection Supervisor (Apr. 21, 2017) +
European Data Protection Supervisor Giovanni Buttarelli spoke today to the Privacy Coalition, a nonpartisan association established in 1995 to promote dialogue on emerging privacy between civil society organizations and policy leaders. Mr. Buttarelli addressed relations between the European Union and the United States, and discussed encryption policy, the E-Privacy Regulation, the Privacy Shield, the U.S. Privacy Act as it applies to foreigners among many other topics. Recent speakers at the Privacy Coalition have included FTC Chair Maureen Ohlhausen and FCC Senior Counsel Nick Degani.
EPIC FOIA: EPIC Obtains FBI-DoD Biometric Data Plans (Jan. 30, 2017) +
Through a Freedom of Information Act lawsuit, EPIC has obtained several memorandum of understanding regarding the transfer of biometric identifiers between the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the Department of Defense. One of the agreements, which includes the State Department, calls for "a direct conduit for the parties to access databases storing biometric information." Last year, EPIC filed extensive comments scrutinizing the FBI's proposal to remove Privacy Act safeguards from the Bureau's massive biometric database known as "Next Generation Identification." EPIC also lead a coalition effort urging Congress to hold an oversight hearing on the FBI database. The case is EPIC v. FBI, No. 16-2237 (D.D.C. filed Nov. 10, 2016) (Biometric Data Transfer Agreements).
EPIC, Coalition Urge OMB to Protect the Privacy Act and FOIA (Dec.
7, 2016) +
EPIC, OpenTheGovernment.org, and a coalition of over 40 groups urged the Office of Management and Budget to "suspend action on any pending rules or regulations that would diminish the effectiveness of the Privacy Act or the Freedom of Information Act." The Acts ensure government transparency while protecting personal information retained by government agencies. EPIC has filed numerous Freedom of Information Act lawsuits to increase transparency around government surveillance programs. In public comments to federal agencies, EPIC has consistently recommended stronger privacy protections and argued against agency proposals to exempt themselves from the safeguards of the Privacy Act.
EPIC Sues FBI Over Biometric Data Program (Nov. 14, 2016) +
EPIC has filed a FOIA lawsuit against the Federal Bureau of Investigation for information about the agency's plans to transfer biometric data to the Department of Defense. The FBI maintains one of the world's largest biometric databases, known as the "Next Generation Identification" system, but the FBI has resisted maintaining privacy safeguards. The Bureau previously proposed to exempt the database from many of the safeguards in the federal Privacy Act, which EPIC opposed. Then EPIC, following a FOIA lawsuit, obtained documents that revealed an error rate up to 20% for facial recognition searches in the FBI database. Now EPIC has filed an open government lawsuit to obtain a secret document that details the transfer of personal data in the FBI system to the Department of Defense. [Press Release]
EPIC Urges OMB to Strengthen Privacy Act Safeguards (Nov.
7, 2016) +
EPIC has submitted comments on Circular A-108, guidelines proposed by the Office of Management and Budget for federal agency compliance with the Privacy Act. EPIC warned that agencies frequently misuse exceptions to the Privacy Act to circumvent important safeguards required by law. EPIC urged the OMB to "strengthen its guidance on federal agency implementation of the Privacy Act" and to limit the 'routine use' exemption. EPIC regularly comments on privacy safeguards for federal databases and has urged Congress to modernize the Privacy Act.
EPIC Scrutinizes FBI "Insider Threat" Database (Oct. 20, 2016) +
In comments to the FBI, EPIC criticized a proposed "Insider Threat" database that would gather virtually unlimited amounts of personal data outside the protections of the federal Privacy Act. EPIC urged the FBI to limit the scope of data collection and drop proposed Privacy Act exemptions. Citing the recent surge in government data breaches, including the breach of 21.5 m records at OPM, EPIC warned that FBI data practices pose a risk to federal employees. EPIC has consistently warned against inaccurate, insecure, and overbroad government databases. Earlier this year, EPIC filed comments with DOD and DHS regarding similarly flawed proposals to expand data collection without adequate privacy safeguards.
DoD Exempts "Insider Threat" Database from Privacy Act Safeguards (Oct. 18, 2016) +
The Department of Defense has issued a final rule on the "Insider Threat" database, a program that allows the federal agency to gather virtually unlimited amounts of personal data on individuals based on broad and ambiguous standards. The Defense Department exempted itself from Privacy Act safeguards that would limit collection of personally identifiable information, and allow individuals access to their information maintained by the federal agency. In detailed comments, EPIC opposed the exemptions sought by the agency. EPIC also questioned whether that information would be adequately protected. Military officials described the 2015 data breach
as an "absolute calamity."
White House Updates Guidance on Federal Agency Privacy Practices (Sep. 19, 2016) +
The Office of Management of Budget released a memorandum that requires the head of each agency to “assess the management, structure, and operation of the agency’s privacy program.” The OMB memo provides updated guidance, requiring the designation of a Senior Agency Official for Privacy with appropriate authority to implement the agency’s privacy program, including ensuring compliance with the Privacy Act. In 2015, a breach of records at the OMB, impacted more than 22 million federal employees, family members and associates. EPIC has filed numerous comments with agencies across the federal government criticizing their lack of compliance with the Privacy Act. EPIC has also submitted amicus briefs to the US Supreme Court concerning the federal Privacy Act.
EPIC, Coalition Seeks Time to Review FBI Biometric Database (Jun.
1, 2016) +
EPIC and a coalition of civil rights, privacy, and transparency groups urged the Department of Justice to extend the public comment period for the FBI’s Next Generation Identification database. The FBI database contains biometric data, such as fingerprint and retinal scans, on millions of Americans and raises significant privacy risks. The FBI is proposing to exempt the database from Privacy Act obligations, including legal requirements to maintain accurate records, permit individual access, and provide civil remedies. Errors plague the NGI database. In a FOIA case, EPIC v. FBI, EPIC obtained documents, which showed that the FBI accepted a 20% error rate for facial recognition matches.
EPIC Scrutinizes DHS "Insider Threat" Database (Mar. 29, 2016) +
In comments to DHS, EPIC criticized a proposed "Insider Threat" database that would gather vast amounts of personal data on individuals outside the federal agency.
EPIC urged DHS to limit the scope of data collection and drop proposed Privacy Act exemptions. Citing the recent surge in government data breaches, including the breach of 21.5 m records at OPM, EPIC warned that DHS data practices pose a risk to federal employees. EPIC has previously advocated for privacy protections in background checks and consistently warned against inaccurate, insecure, and overbroad government databases.
EPIC Recommends Greater Accountability for Government Screening Database (Feb. 23, 2016) +
EPIC submitted comments to DHS urging the agency to improve transparency and privacy protections for the controversial Terrorist Screening Database that is used for Watchlist programs, such as the No Fly List, containing information that is often inaccurate and incomplete. The agency solicited comments on a proposal to remove Privacy Act safeguards while simultaneously expanding data collection and distributing data more widely across the DHS. EPIC and many other organization opposed the establishment of the Screening Database and called for the suspension pending a full review of the privacy and security implications. EPIC has testified before Congress about the risks of the Watchlist program.
EPIC Urges FAA to Make Drone Surveillance Capabilities Public (Jan. 15, 2016) +
In comments to the FAA, EPIC urged the agency to make public the surveillance capabilities of drones operated in the United Staes. EPIC also proposed privacy safeguards for personal information. EPIC stated, "It is not the personal information of the drone registrant that should be readily available to the public, but the technical capabilities of the registered drone." The FAA recently published a rule requiring drone registration, which EPIC supported. EPIC previously sued the FAA for failing to establish privacy rules for commercial drones. EPIC v. FAA is pending before the D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals.
EPIC Opposes Sea Traveller Surveillance Program (Jan.
4, 2016) +
In comments to the DHS, EPIC criticized a proposal to collect detailed records on people traveling by boat. The DHS is planning to track people arriving and departing the United States by sea, including between ports within the United States. However, DHS will ignore Privacy Act protections, and make the data collected routinely available to private companies and foreign governments. The proposal, explained EPIC, would "create a massive government database of detailed personal information that lacks accountability." EPIC has opposed other boat surveillance programs. And a FOIA case pursued by EPIC about a controversial boater tracking program revealed that the DHS fuses tracking data with other intelligence data to develop detailed profiles on boaters.
EPIC Opposes NSA Plan to Expand Operations Database, Demands Privacy Act Compliance (Nov. 23, 2015) +
EPIC submitted comments to the NSA objecting to the agency's proposal to expand its "Operations Records" database. This database is already largely exempt from Privacy Act safeguards, and the proposal would vastly expand the types of information collected in the database and define new routine uses for this information. EPIC's comments addressed the privacy issues raised by the Operations Records database and NSA's proposed changes, opposed further expansion of NSA's information collection activities, and demanded that NSA narrow the Privacy Act exemptions for the system if the proposal goes forward. EPIC has previously urged NSA to conduct information collection activities in compliance with the Privacy Act.
National Security Agency Violates Defense Department Privacy Rules (Jan. 28, 2015) +
The Defense Department has issued a regulation for all Privacy Programs within the agency, including the National Security Agency's. EPIC urged the Department to require the NSA to comply with the Privacy Act, which permits individuals to know about government databases and to inspect their records held by federal agencies. The DoD responded that the NSA complies with the Privacy Act. However, the NSA fails to describe the databases it maintains, which contain telephone numbers, email addresses, and social media information of U.S. citizens, in violation of the Privacy Act.
Congress Considers Bill to Strengthen Privacy Act (Dec.
8, 2014) +
Congressman Gerry Connolly (D-VA-11) has introduced legislation to update the federal Privacy Act. The "Safeguarding Individual Privacy Against Government Invasion Act of 2014" would compensate individuals for non pecuniary harms after Privacy Act violations. The proposal is a response to
FAA v. Cooper, a Supreme Court case holding that the Privacy Act does not cover mental and emotional damages. EPIC filed a "friend of the court" brief in that case, explaining that privacy laws routinely provide recovery for mental and emotional harm, that such damages are the most common consequence of privacy violations, and that civil remedies are necessary to ensure enforcement of the Privacy Act. Following the decision in FAA v. Cooper, EPIC set out proposals to strengthen the Privacy Act. EPIC has recently recommended that the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board prioritize Privacy Act enforcement. For more information, see EPIC: FAA v. Cooper, EPIC: Doe v. Chao, and EPIC: The Privacy Act of 1974.
EPIC Urges Privacy
Board to Focus on Privacy Act Enforcement (Nov. 12, 2014) +
EPIC has recommended that the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board prioritize Privacy Act enforcement. The Board is planning to host a conference "Defining Privacy." EPIC stated "The Privacy Act provides a sound framework for privacy protection in the United States. Government agencies within the PCLOB's purview contravene the Privacy Act's intent and pose substantial privacy risks by claiming broad exemptions from coverage under the Act. The Board must improve agency accountability by auditing programs for Privacy Act compliance and recommending expanded authorities under the Privacy Act." EPIC recently provided expert commentary at a Georgetown University Law Center conference celebrating the 40th anniversary of the Privacy Act. For more information, see EPIC: FAA v. Cooper, EPIC: Doe v. Chao, and EPIC: The Privacy Act of 1974.
Attorney General Supports Privacy Act Protections for E.U. Citizens (Jul.
1, 2014) +
Speaking in Athens at a meeting between US and EU officials, Attorney General Eric Holder announced that the Obama Administration will work with Congress to extend Privacy Act protections to E.U. citizens. Mr. Holder stated, "the Obama Administration is committed to seeking legislation that would ensure that...EU citizens would have the same right to seek judicial redress for intentional or willful disclosures of protected information, and for refusal to grant access or to rectify any errors in that information, as would a U.S. citizen under the Privacy Act." EPIC has previously recommended that Privacy Act safeguards be extended to non-US persons. iIn 2012, EPIC also urged Congress to update the Privacy Act. In 2011, EPIC filed a "friend of the court" brief in the Supreme Court, arguing that the Privacy Act provides damages for mental and emotional harm. EPIC routinely submits comments to federal agencies, urging enforcement of Privacy Act protections. For more information, see EPIC: The Privacy Act of 1974 and EPIC: FAA v. Cooper.
EPIC Urges Congress to Protect Student Privacy (Oct. 10, 2013) +
In a letter to the Senate and House Committees on Education, EPIC has asked Congress to restore privacy protections for student data. EPIC's letter follows a court opinion concerning recent changes to the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act. EPIC has warned that the changes in the student privacy law allow the release of student records for non-academic purposes and undercut parental and student consent provisions. EPIC has urged Congress to investigate the impact of the revised regulations. "Students and families are losing control over sensitive information," EPIC wrote, "and private companies are becoming the repositories of student data and even the data maintained by the schools is far more extensive than ever before." For more information, see EPIC: Student Privacy.
White House Launches Open Data Project (May. 10, 2013) +
The President issued an Executive Order and memorandum this week outlining the administration's new "Open Data Policy." According to the White House, the goal is to make information "accessible, discoverable, and usable by the public" and to "promote interoperability and openness." The Executive Order states that agencies should also "safeguard individual privacy, confidentiality, and national security." The White House has launched Project Open Data, a collection of code, tools, and case studies to help agencies adopt the open data policy. An article in Foreign Policy this week "Think Again: Big Data" raises provocative questions about the actual value of "Big Data." For more information on Open Government issues, see: EPIC: Open Government and EPIC: Privacy Act.
NASA Suffers More Data Breaches (Nov. 27, 2012) +
NASA has announced that the theft of an unencrypted laptop has compromised the personal information of a "large number" of NASA employees and contractors. A similar theft earlier this year exposed the data of thousands of Kennedy Space Center employees. The federal agency said that by the end of the year all NASA laptops must have full-disk encryption. The recent developments follow a 2010 United States Supreme Court case, NASA v. Nelson, in which a federal contractor challenged NASA's overly broad collection of personal information. EPIC filed an amicus curiae brief in support of the contractor Robert Nelson, arguing that there were insufficient legal protections and that NASA's systems are vulnerable to data breaches. Robert Nelson is among the employees and contractors who this week received a notice from NASA about
the data breach. For more information, see EPIC: NASA v. Nelson and EPIC: Privacy Act.
Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board Holds First Public Meeting (Nov.
1, 2012) +
The Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board held its initial meeting
to take recommendations from the public regarding the issues the Board should pursue. The Implementing Recommendations of the 9/11 Commission Act of 2007 established the Board as an independent agency to "analyze and review actions the executive branch takes to protect the Nation from terrorism, ensuring that the need for such actions is balanced with the need to protect privacy and civil liberties." In a prepared statement, EPIC urged the Board to investigate the program activities of
the Department of Homeland Security and other federal agencies that have failed to comply with the Privacy Act of 1974. For more information, see EPIC: Spotlight on Surveillance,
EPIC: The Privacy Act of 1974, EPIC: The 9/11 Commission Report, and EPIC: “Security and Liberty: Protecting Privacy, Preventing Terrorism” (Testimony Before the 9/11 Commission).
FBI Exempts Massive Database from Privacy Act Protections (Oct. 10, 2012) +
The Federal Bureau of Investigation has exempted the FBI Data Warehouse System, from important Privacy Act safeguards. The database ingests troves of personally identifiable information including race, birthdate, biometric information, social security numbers, and financial information from various government agencies. The database contains information on a surprisingly broad category of individuals, including "subjects, suspects, victims, witnesses, complainants, informants, sources, bystanders, law enforcement personnel, intelligence personnel, other responders, administrative personnel, consultants, relatives, and associates who may be relevant to the investigation or intelligence operation; individuals who are identified in open source information or commercial databases, or who are associated, related, or have a nexus to the FBI’s missions; individuals whose information is collected and maintained for information system user auditing and security purposes." The Federal Bureau of Investigation has exempted these records from the notification, access, and amendment provisions of the Privacy Act. Earlier this year, EPIC opposed the Automated Targeting System, another massive government database that the Department of Homeland Security exempted from Privacy Act provisions. For more information, see EPIC: The Privacy Act of 1974 and EPIC: Automated Targeting System.
Government Accountability Office Recommends Updating Federal Privacy Laws (Aug.
8, 2012) +
The Government Accountability Office issued a report finding that technological changes since the passage of the Privacy Act in 1974 require changing the law in order to adequately protect the privacy and security of personal information. Specifically, the report recommended applying Privacy Act protections to all federal collection of information, strengthening limitations on the use of information, and establishing more effective methods of notifying the public about data collection practices. Recently, EPIC recommended that the Privacy Act explicitly define “actual damages” to include provable mental and emotional distress. EPIC also pointed out that the proposed circumstances under which agencies can disclose personal information should be narrowly tailored, and that individuals should have sufficient warning of government security breaches affecting personal information. EPIC's letters follow a request from Senator Daniel Akaka (D-HI) for comment on S.1732, the Privacy Act Modernization for the Information Age Act of 2011. For more information, see EPIC: Privacy Act and EPIC: FAA v. Copper.
Senate Committee Considers Updates to Federal Privacy Act (Jul. 31, 2012) +
The Senate Oversight of Government Management Subcommittee held a hearing today on "The State of Federal Privacy and Data Security Law: Lagging Behind the Times?" The hearing focused on S.1732, the Privacy Act Modernization for the Information Age Act of 2011, and S.3414, an amendment to the Cybersecurity Act of 2012, introduced by Senator Daniel Akaka (D-HI). Both measures would strengthen privacy protections for personal information collected by government agencies. Senate witnesses agreed that after the Supreme Court decision in FAA v. Cooper, the Privacy Act should be amended to compensate individuals for provable, nonpecuniary harms.
EPIC has made several recommendations to update the federal privacy law and also warned about the deployment of new agency profiling systems. For more information, see EPIC: The Privacy Act of 1974 and EPIC: Automated Targeting System.
Department of Homeland Security Exempts Massive Database from Privacy Act (Jun.
8, 2012) +
The Department of Homeland Security issued a final rule exempting its Operations System
from various Privacy Act safeguards, including provisions that permit individuals to access
information about them held by the agency. The system "fuses" information from many sources which the agency uses for investigatory purposes. There are over twenty categories of data, including social security numbers, citizenship, medical records, and even information gathered from social media in the database. In 2010, EPIC urged
the agency not to reduce the privacy protections for the Operations System, citing the substantial risks. Despite EPIC's recommendations, DHS went forward. For more information, see EPIC: Total Information Awareness and EPIC: EPIC v. DHS: Media Monitoring.
EPIC Urges the Drug Enforcement Administration to Uphold Privacy Act Protections (May. 21, 2012) +
In response to a notice of proposed rulemaking, EPIC has submitted comments to the Drug Enforcement Administration of the Department of Justice, urging the agency to uphold Privacy Act protections, and to not claim broad exemptions from the Privacy Act. The proposed rule would exempt the agency from complying with crucial Privacy Act provisions, including the rights of record access and correction, and the duty to only collect relevant and necessary personal information. The proposed rule would even excuse the agency from any civil liability arising from willful Privacy Act violations. Following the Supreme Court decision in FAA v. Cooper, EPIC has set out proposed changes to the Privacy Act that would compensate individuals for provable nonpecuniary harms caused by willful violations of the Privacy Act. For more information, see EPIC: FAA v. Cooper and EPIC: The Privacy Act of 1974.
EPIC Proposes Update to Privacy Act to Address Recent Supreme Court Decision (May. 14, 2012) +
Following the recent decision of the Supreme Court in FAA v. Cooper, EPIC has set out proposed changes to the Privacy Act that would compensate individuals for provable nonpecuniary harms caused by willful violations of the Privacy Act. In Cooper, the Supreme Court held that the Privacy Act "does not unequivocally authorize" compensatory damages for mental or emotional distress. Justice Sotomayor, joined by Justices Ginsburg and Breyer, wrote in dissent that "the primary, and often only, damages sustained as a result of an invasion of privacy are . . . mental or emotional distress." EPIC recommended that the Privacy Act explicitly define "actual damages" to include provable mental and emotional distress. EPIC's letter follows an earlier request from Senator Daniel Akaka (D-HI) for comment on S.1732, the Privacy Act Modernization for the Information Age Act of 2011. For more information, see, EPIC: FAA v. Cooper and EPIC: The Privacy Act of 1974.
Supreme Court Limits Privacy Act Remedies
(Mar. 28, 2012) +
In a 5-3 opinion, the Supreme Court held today that the Privacy Act does not allow recovery of mental and emotional damages suffered as a result of the Government's "willful and intentional violation" of the Act. Justice Alito, writing for the Court in FAA v. Cooper, said that the key term "actual damages" was ambiguous, and should be narrowly construed to limit Government liability. In a dissenting opinion, joined by two other Justices, Justice Sotomayor argued that the purpose of the Privacy Act is unambiguous: to protect individuals from "substantial harm, embarrassment, inconvenience, or unfairness" that result from Government privacy violations. EPIC filed an amicus curiae brief in the case, stating that privacy laws routinely provide recovery for mental and emotional harm, that such damages are the most common result of privacy violations, and that civil remedies are necessary to ensure enforcement of the Privacy Act. Congress is currently considering amendments to the Privacy Act. For more information, see EPIC: FAA v. Cooper and EPIC to Congress: Privacy Act Modernization Bill Should be Stronger.
EPIC to Congress: Privacy Act Modernization Bill Should be Stronger (Mar. 27, 2012) +
In response to a request from Senator Daniel Akaka(D-HI), EPIC sent a letter explaining that S.1732, the Privacy Act Modernization for the Information Age Act of 2011, should be strengthened to ensure better privacy protection. The Privacy Act of 1974 governs federal agencies' collection, retention, and use of personally identifiable information. In October 2011, Senator Akaka proposed the Privacy Act Modernization bill, which would update the Privacy Act of 1974. EPIC's letter points out that the proposed circumstances under which agencies can disclose personal information should be narrowly tailored. EPIC also noted that certain proposed amendments in the bill insufficiently warn individuals of government security breaches affecting individuals' personal information. For more information, see EPIC: The Privacy Act of 1974.
Director of National Intelligence Gains New Powers, Expands Datamining of US Citizens (Mar. 23, 2012) +
Under revised guidelines for the National Counterterrorism Center, the intelligence agency officials will be able to profile and track American citizens, suspected of no crime, for up to five years. The change represents a dramatic expansion of government surveillance and appears to violate the Privacy Act of 1974, which limits data exchanges across federal agencies and establishes legal rights for US citizens. In 2003, Congress put an end to a similar program. For more information, see EPIC - Total Information Awareness.
EPIC Urges DHS to Abide by Privacy Laws When Conducting Technology Research (Mar.
1, 2012) +
Earlier this week, EPIC submitted comments to the DHS on "The Menlo Report: Ethical Principles Guiding Information and Communication Technology Research." DHS sought public views on the privacy implications of ethical human subject research in information and communication technology research. EPIC said that many federal privacy laws, such as the Privacy Act of 1974, set out legal standard for how government agencies should protect personal data. EPIC strongly urged DHS to abide by federal privacy laws rather than adopt non-binding principles, which are not enforceable and provide few rights for individuals. For more information, see EPIC: Privacy and The Common Rule.
EPIC Warns DHS: Plan to Release Personal Data Held by Agency is Unlawful (Dec. 22, 2011) +
EPIC has submitted comments to the Department of Homeland Security, objecting to the agency's plan to disclose internal agency records to former DHS employees, third party employers, and foreign and international agencies. DHS plans to disclose criminal conviction records, employee records, and foreclosures, about a broad category of individuals, including members of the public, individuals who file administrative complaints with DHS, and even individuals who are named parties in cases "in which DHS believes it will or may become involved."
All of this information is protected under the federal Privacy Act, but the DHS proposes to invoke the "routine use" exemption to allow disclosure. EPIC said the plan would "undermine privacy safeguards set out in the Privacy Act and would unnecessarily increase privacy risks for individuals whose records are maintained by the federal government."
EPIC also noted that the agency has failed to allow sufficient time to meaningfully consider public comment on the plan. For more information, see EPIC: the Privacy Act of 1974.
EPIC to DHS: Proposed Expansion of "Routine Use" Exception is Unlawful (Nov. 30, 2011) +
In comments to the Department of Homeland Security regarding a proposal to expand the Privacy Act "routine use" exemption, EPIC has said that the agency is exceeding its legal authority. The DHS is seeking to disclose information about current and former government employees, including members of the US Secret Service, for the the development of "civil, administrative, or background investigation." The information includes names, social security numbers, addresses, and dates of birth. The "routine use" exemption allows federal agencies to disclose personal information in their possession in certain, narrow circumstances, not for open-ended investigations. EPIC stated that the change would "undermine privacy safeguards set out in the Privacy Act and would unnecessarily increase privacy risks for individuals whose records are maintained by the federal government." For more information, see EPIC: the Privacy Act of 1974.
Senator Akaka Calls for Major Reform to the Privacy Act of 1974 (Nov.
9, 2011) +
Senator Daniel Akaka (D-HA) has introduced the Privacy Act Modernization for the Information Age (PAMIA) Act of 2011 bill (S. 1732). The PAMIA Act would update the Privacy Act of 1974, the law that regulates the collection and use of personal information by federal agencies. Among other changes, the PAMIA Act would strengthen civil and criminal penalties for improper disclosure of information, update exceptions for when agencies do not have to notify individuals of record disclosures, and create a new Federal Chief Privacy Officer at the Office of Management and Budget. For more information, see EPIC: The Privacy Act of 1974.
EPIC Urges Supreme Court to Affirm Congress' Power to Pass Effective Privacy Laws (Oct. 17, 2011) +
EPIC filed a "friend of the court" brief in the United States Supreme Court urging the Court to affirm Congress' power to enact strong statutes that protect consumer privacy. First American v. Edwards presents the question of whether a person can sue to enforce a provision of the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act (RESPA), which gives individuals a right to untainted real estate referral services, and enforces this right by specifying an amount of damages for which violators are liable. Surprisingly, Facebook, Linkedin, Yahoo, and Zynga filed a brief in support of the bank First American and arguing against enforcement of privacy statutes in certain circumstances. EPIC then filed a brief in support of the consumer Edwards and argued that if the Court did not uphold statutory damage provisions, "it would become virtually impossible to enforce privacy safeguards in the United States." Statutory damage provisions help ensure compliance with Fair Information Practices, the foundation of modern privacy law. For more information, see EPIC: First American v. Edwards, and EPIC: Privacy Act.
EPIC Urges Supreme Court to Affirm Privacy Act Remedies (Oct.
4, 2011) +
EPIC filed a "friend of the court" brief in the United States Supreme Court urging the Court to enforce the rights granted under the Privacy Act, which regulates the use of personal information held by federal agencies. EPIC argued that the government should not be allowed to avoid liability by asserting that it caused only mental and emotional harm when it intentionally and willfully violated the federal statute. FAA v. Cooper involves the Social Security Administration's disclosure of a pilot’s HIV status. The lower court held that "the term 'actual damages'" in the Privacy Act "unequivocally encompasses nonpecuinary damages." EPIC urged affirmance of the decision, stating that the Privacy Act "provides compensation for harm suffered" and aims to "ensure compliance with statutory obligations." For more information, see EPIC: US v. Cooper, and EPIC: Privacy Act.
EPIC Opposes Efforts of National Intelligence Director to Limit Privacy Act (May. 12, 2010) +
EPIC has filed comments with the Office of the Director of National Intelligence (ODNI) in response to a Federal Register notice and
aproposed rulemaking to establish fourteen new databases. The DNI is seeking to exempt portions of these systems from key protections in the Privacy Act of 1974.  EPIC said that this proposal undermines the Privacy Act, and urged the agency not to implement the exemptions. For more information, see EPIC: The Privacy Act of 1974.
Homeland Security Privacy Office Okays Suspicionless Seizure of Personal Information Stored
on Digital Devices of US Citizens (Aug. 28, 2009) +
The Department of Homeland Security released a Privacy Impact Assessment for searching electronic devices possessed by travelers, including US citizens, at US borders.
The agency determined that laptops and cell phones are equivalent to briefcases and backpacks and granted itself broad authority to seize these devices from travelers and to copy stored data whether or not wrongdoing is suspected.
The DHS policy fails to comply with the intent of the federal Privacy Act and leaves US citizens returning to the United States subject to surveillance by government and an enhanced risk of identity theft. See EPIC Traveler Privacy.
EPIC Endorses Better Approaches on Government Transparency (Jun.
3, 2009) +
In response to President Obama's plan to develop a new open government policy, EPIC submitted comments recommending that users are not tracked on government sites; promoting open government; allowing meaningful public participation in government decisions; stopping commercialization of personal data; and the application of Privacy Act to all data collected by the Government. See also EPIC's page on Open Government
and consider purchasing EPIC's FOIA litigation manual.
EPIC Seeks Government Agreements with Social Networking Companies (Apr. 30, 2009) +
EPIC submitted a Freedom of Information Act request to the Government Services Administration seeking agency records concerning agreements the GSA negotiated between federal agencies and social networking services, including Flickr, YouTube, Vimeo, Blip.tv, and Facebook. In the FOIA request, EPIC is asking for the public release of the contracts and any legal opinions concerning the application of the Privacy Act of 1974 and Freedom of Information Act to the services that collect information on citizens. For more information see EPIC’s pages Social Networking, Facebook, and Cloud Computing.
Introduction
The Privacy Act of 1974, Public Law 93-579, was created in response to concerns about how the creation and use of computerized databases might impact individuals' privacy rights. It safeguards privacy through creating four procedural and substantive rights in personal data. First, it requires government agencies to show an individual any records kept on him or her. Second, it requires agencies to follow certain principles, called "fair information practices," when gathering and handling personal data. Third, it places restrictions on how agencies can share an individual's data with other people and agencies. Fourth and finally, it lets individuals sue the government for violating its provisions.
There are, however, several exceptions to the Privacy Act. For one thing, government agencies that are engaged in law enforcement can excuse themselves from the Act's rules. Agencies have also circumvented information sharing rules by exploiting a "routine use" exemption.
The Privacy Act of 1974 , 5 U.S.C. § 552a
History
In the course of its daily business, the federal government necessarily keeps hundreds of databases on individual people. As technology advanced through the 1960s and 70s, it became easier for agencies to cross-reference individuals' personal data. Citizens and legislators began to contemplate the ways that this information, if compiled, could be abused. With computers able to search through and cross-reference files quickly and easily, it was clear that various details of a person's life could be compiled into a single database.
The HEW Report
In 1973, the Department of Health, Education, and Welfare (HEW) issued a report entitled Records, Computers, and the Rights of Citizens. This report recommended that Congress enact legislation adopting a Code of Fair Information practice for automated personal data systems. This Code consisted of the following principles:
There must be no personal data record-keeping system whose very existence is secret.
There must be a way for an individual to find out what information about him is in a record and how it is used.
There must be a way for an individual to prevent information about him that was obtained for one purpose from being used or made available for other purposes without his consent.
There must be a way for an individual to correct or amend a record of identifiable information about him.
Any organization creating, maintaining, using, or disseminating records of identifiable personal data must assure the reliability of the data for their intended use and must take precaution to prevent misuse of the data.
The HEW Report also made specific recommendations for laws that would implement and enforce this Code. These recommendations required organizations keeping automated databases on individuals to: (1) enact safeguards to protect this data, and (2) report to the public each year what databases they were keeping and what kinds of information they held. The HEW Report also set out a list of rights that individual "data subjects" (people whose personal information was being stored) should have. Many of these recommendations eventually became part of the Privacy Act of 1974.
The HEW Report also extensively studied the issue of the Social Security number (SSN). This was a particular concern because the SSN seemed to be the most likely candidate for creating a "standard universal identifier," or SUI, which could be used as a key to link all of the records kept on a person by all agencies. Because of this risk, the HEW Report recommended that the SSN should only be used where it is absolutely necessary (for instance, by the Social Security Administration in delivering benefits, or where existing laws required agencies to use the SSN), and that no agency should require someone to give their SSN out unless Congress specifically required it. These recommendations were also evident in the final text of the Privacy Act.
U.S. Department of Health, Education & Welfare, Report of the Secretary's Advisory Committee on Automated Personal Data Systems, Records, Computers, and the Rights of Citizens, (The HEW Report) (MIT 1973).
Debate and Passage of the Act
The Privacy Act was created as a compromise between two separate bills, one introduced in the House of Representatives, one in the Senate. The Senate bill, S. 3418, tended to have stricter requirements for the government than did the House bill, including harsher penalties for violations of the Act and the creation of a Privacy Protection Commission to oversee the Act's implementation. The House bill, H.R. 16373, also required that certain violations of the Act be "willful, arbitrary, or capricious" before damages would be assessed against the government, while the Senate required only that the Act be violated. Both bodies considered the differing bills late in the session, and then decided to reconcile the language in an informal meeting between House and Senate staffers. Among the major compromises were the following:
The creation of the Privacy Protection Study Commission, which would not have the power to enforce violations of the Act, but instead would submit recommendations to Congress regarding further implementation and enforcement.
Certain government violations of the Act had to be "willful or intentional" in order for an individual to receive damages. This was thought to be an easier burden for an individual plaintiff to show than "willful, arbitrary, or capricious," but harder than just showing a violation of the Act.
Plaintiffs "entitled to recovery" were guaranteed to receive at least $1,000 in damages.
The House's "routine use" exception for information sharing was included.
The Senate's provision that an individual could appeal a refusal to amend a record in federal district court.
These changes, along with several others, harmonized the two bills, and with final changes made by the Senate, the amended Act was passed by the Senate on December 17, and by the House on the 18th. President Ford signed the Privacy Act into law by the new year.
Joint Committee on Government Operations, 93d Congress, Legislative History of the Privacy Act of 1974 (Public Law 93-579).
Chronology of the legislative history of, and amendments to, the Privacy Act of 1974.
House analysis of the compromise amendments to the Privacy Act (from the Department of Defense website).
Senate analysis of the compromise amendments to the Privacy Act (from the Department of Defense website).
History of the Privacy Act of 1974, cavebear.com. A good, brief overview of the legislative history. Also provides a link to Senate Report 93-1183, in which S. 3418 was passed.
The Privacy Protection Study Commission's Report
The Act called for the creation of the Privacy Protection Study Commission ("PPSC"), which issued its report on the Privacy Act in 1977. This report, entitled Personal Privacy in an Information Society, concluded that, while the Privacy Act of 1974 was a great step forward, it did not result in the benefits intended by Congress. The PPSC felt that much of the language of the Privacy Act was unclear, and that the reliance on the definition of "systems of records" was problematic. This is because the definition of "system of records" only included those databases that retrieved information by name, SSN, or other individually identifiable information. Thus, a database containing a person's name and Social Security number might not be covered by the Privacy Act simply because it was not indexed by name, SSN, etc. For example, to circumvent Privacy Act requirements, some agencies had created employee databases that classified individuals by rank, rather than SSN or name.
The Commission also found that the publication of databases in the Federal Register was helpful, though of limited impact, since public readership of the Federal Register is not particularly broad. Also, the PPSC said that the information disclosed by agencies in their publications was often lacking in details like how systems are used internally by agencies. Regarding individual access, the Commission found that very few people had made use of the Privacy Act's access provisions in the years since its passage. It attributed this shortcoming to the lack of awareness of the Privacy Act's provisions (compared to the relatively well-known Freedom of Information Act) and to the sweeping exceptions provided for the CIA and other major law enforcement agencies. Criticism also fell on agencies for not applying consistent criteria for measuring Privacy Act compliance. Often, many middle and lower-level personnel misunderstood the terms of the Act and would improperly cite it as a reason for withholding information from individuals.
Personal Privacy in an Information Society, The Report of the Privacy Protection Study Commission, July 1977.
The Privacy Act's Provisions
To Whom the Act Applies
The Privacy Act, unlike the Freedom of Information Act, only covers U.S. citizens and permanent residents. Thus, only a citizen or permanent resident can sue under the Privacy Act.
In addition, the Act applies only to certain federal government agencies (except for Section 7 of the Act, which places limits on the Social Security Number that apply to federal, state, and local governments). Aside from Section 7, state and local governments are not covered by the Privacy Act, though individual states may have their own laws regarding record keeping on individuals. Executive departments, military departments, independent regulatory agencies, and government-controlled corporations are all covered by the Act. This means that government controlled companies like the U.S. Postal Service should be covered as well as the military and executive agencies like the Department of Education, the FDA, and FBI, to name just a few. Neither house of Congress is included in this definition, though the Office of the President is.
The Act often refers to "systems of records." A system of records is defined as any group of records where information is retrieved by the name of the individual or by an individual identifier. Databases and collections of records that do not allow retrieval of information on particular individuals are not included.
Public Notice Requirements
In order to prevent the existence of secret databases, agencies must publish the details of all their systems of records in the Federal Register. The publication must cover intended uses of the system, and allow for interested persons to submit written data, views, or arguments to the agency. Any time that an agency wishes to establish or significantly change a system of records, it must also notify in advance the Committee on Government Operations of the House of Representatives, the Committee on Governmental Affairs of the Senate, and the Office of Management and Budget. These bodies will then evaluate the probable or potential effect of the proposal on the rights of individuals.
Important provisions requiring the President to submit a report every two years on oversight of the Privacy Act were repealed in 1995 by Public Law 104-66, the Federal Reports Elimination and Sunset Act of 1995.
Access to Records
The Privacy Act requires any agency maintaining a system of records to give an individual access to any records they might have about him. He should be allowed to review the record, and make copies of it. If the record is incomplete or in error, he is also entitled to ask that his record be corrected. The agency must then respond to this request within ten business days, either by making the requested changes or by telling the person why they have refused to alter his record. The agency must then tell the person who to talk to if he wants a higher official to review the refusal.
If the individual decides to appeal, the agency has thirty business days to complete a review of the refusal. The agency can extend this thirty-day limit, but only "for good cause shown." If, after the review, the agency still decides not to change the record, the individual can file a statement explaining why he disagrees with the agency's refusal. The agency must include this statement with any copies of the record that it discloses from that time on. The agency is also required to tell the individual what he can do to take the case to a court.
Requirements for Government Disclosure of Information
Subsection (b) of the Privacy Act limits a government agency's ability to disclose information placed in a system of records. The agency may only disclose such information if it has permission from the individual or if it can meet one of the twelve following conditions:
The disclosure is to an agency employee who normally maintains the record and need it in the performance of duty;
The disclosure is made under the Freedom of Information Act;
The disclosure is for a "routine use;"
The disclosure is to the Census Bureau for the purposes of a census survey;
The disclosure is to someone who has adequately notified the agency in advance that the record is to be used for statistical research or reporting, and the record is transferred without individually identifying data;
The disclosure is to the National Archives and Records Administration as a record of historical value;
The disclosure is to an agency "of any governmental jurisdiction within or under the control of the United States for a civil or criminal law enforcement activity," and if the record is provided in response to a written request by the head of the agency;
The disclosure is made where there are "compelling circumstances" affecting someone's health or safety, and the person whose health or safety is affected is sent a notification of the disclosure;
The disclosure is made to Congress, or any committee or subcommittee within Congress;
The disclosure is made to the Comptroller General in the course of the duties of the General Accounting Office;
The disclosure is made pursuant to a court order;
The disclosure is made to a consumer reporting agency in accordance with 31 U.S.C. 3711(e).
Audit Trails
Subsection (c) states that an agency must also keep accurate accounts of when and to whom it has disclosed personal records. This includes contact information for the person or agency that requested the personal records. These accounts should be kept for five years, or the lifetime of the record, whichever is longer. Unless the records were shared for law enforcement purposes, the accounts of the disclosures should be available to the data subject upon request.
Data Minimization Requirements
An agency should maintain in its records only the minimum amount of information "relevant and necessary" to accomplish its purposes. If the information to be collected might have an adverse effect upon an individual (by reducing her rights, benefits, or privileges), the agency must collect as much data as it practicably can from the individual herself. When collecting this information from the individual, the agency must tell the individual what law or executive order authorized the agency to collect the information; the routine uses to which the data may be put; and the effects that might result from the individual not providing the information requested.
Protection of First Amendment Rights
Agencies cannot maintain any records "describing how an individual exercises rights guaranteed by the First Amendment" unless: (1) a separate statute authorizes the agency to maintain the records; (2) the individual authorizes the agency to maintain the records; or (3) the records are maintained "pertinent to and within the scope of an authorized law enforcement activity."
Limits on Agency Data Sharing
One of the most important aspects of the Privacy Act is that it restricts the sharing of information between government agencies. It does this by limiting "matching programs," which it defines as the computerized comparison of databases in order to determine the status, rights, or benefits of the individuals within those systems of records. Matching programs can be used to share information between federal agencies, or between a federal and a non-federal agency (remember that in the text of the Privacy Act, "agency" almost always means a federal agency. However, the provisions limiting matching programs apply to non-federal agencies as well).
The Privacy Act prohibits agencies from running matching programs on systems of records, unless there is a written agreement between the agencies. This agreement must be given to the Committee on Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Government Operations of the House, and should also be made available to the public. The agreement can only last 18 months, though it can be renewed each year as long as it does not change. Any changes must be reported just as a new system of records would be. The matching agreement must state:
The purpose and legal authority for conducting the matching program;
the justification for the program and its anticipated results, including an estimate of any savings;
a description of the records that will be matched, including each data element used, the approximate number of records to be matched, and the projected starting and completion dates of the matching program;
various procedures for: giving notice to potentially affected individuals; verifying the accuracy of the program's results; keeping the records current and secure; and regulating the use of the results;
any assessments of how accurate the records used are; and
a section allowing the Comptroller General to all of the records it deems necessary in order to monitor compliance with the agreement.
If an agency sharing information (the "source agency") thinks that the recipient agency is not abiding by all of the necessary regulations, it cannot disclose any records to the recipient agency. Nor may the matching agreement be renewed unless the recipient agency certifies that it has complied with all of the provisions of the matching agreement, and the source agency has no reason to believe that this certification is inaccurate.
Every agency that uses a matching program must have a Data Integrity Board. This Board must consist of senior officials of the agency, including the Inspector General of the agency (if there is one) and any official selected to oversee Privacy Act compliance. The Data Integrity Board must review and approve all data matching agreements, to make sure that the agency is complying with all laws and guidelines. This review must be carried out each year for all new and existing matching programs. The results of this review must be submitted in an annual report to the Office of Management and Budget, and the report must also be made available to the public on request. The Board also should act as a clearinghouse for any information on the accuracy, completeness, and reliability of records. The authority of the Data Integrity Board also extends to any agency matching activities, not just matching programs.
If the Data Integrity Board refuses to allow a proposed matching agreement, either agency proposing the agreement can appeal to the Director of the Office of Management and Budget.
Penalties for Violating the Act: Civil Remedies
The Privacy Act provides for both civil and criminal penalties for violating certain sections. If an agency refuses to amend an individual's record upon request, the individual can sue in civil court to have the record amended. In this case, the court can also award the individual reasonable attorney's fees and other litigation costs, to be paid by the United States.
If an agency refuses to allow an individual access to his records as required in subsection (d)(1), the individual can sue in civil court to have the records produced. The court that decides this suit will have the ability to review the records "in camera" (privately) to see if the agency has properly claimed one of the exemptions allowed to them. The court can also make the United States pay for reasonable attorney's fees.
If an agency has violated any other section of the Privacy Act, and a court finds that the violation is "intentional or willful," the court can make the United States pay to the individual actual damages suffered as a result of the violation (but in no case shall a person entitled to recovery receive less than the sum of $1,000), along with costs and reasonable attorney's fees.
Penalties for Violating the Privacy Act: Criminal Penalties
If any officer or employee of a government agency knowingly and willfully discloses personally identifiable information will be found guilty of a misdemeanor and fined a maximum of $5,000. Also, if any agency employee or official willfully maintains a system of records without disclosing its existence and relevant details as specified above can be fined a maximum of $5,000. The same misdemeanor penalty (and $5,000 maximum fine) can be applied to anyone who knowingly and willfully requests an individual's record from an agency under false pretenses.
OMB Oversight
The Privacy Act gives the Director of the Office of Management and Budget the power to develop regulations and guidelines on how agencies should implement the Act. Thus, the OMB's interpretations of the language of the Privacy Act hold a great deal of authority.
Limitations on the Use of the Social Security Number
Section 7 of the Privacy Act says that no federal, state, or local government agency can require someone to give out their Social Security number in order for the individual to receive any right, benefit, or privilege provided by law. However, this section does not apply to any disclosure that is "required by a federal statute," or that is being used in a system of records that existed before January 1, 1975. Whenever a government agency requests disclosure of the Social Security number, it must tell the individual whether the disclosure is mandatory or voluntary, what laws give the agency the authority to request the Social Security number, and how the number will be used.
Exceptions to the Privacy Act
As much as the Privacy Act does to protect individual privacy, numerous exceptions to it exist. These exceptions (as well as the practical difficulties involved with maintaining and regulating such a vast system of databases) mean that individual privacy is not often as carefully protected as the drafters of the Privacy Act might have liked. Since "records," "systems of records" and "agencies" are narrowly defined, the Act may not cover many types of databases and data-gathering activities. Also, there are certain exceptions given for "law enforcement purposes." Finally, the "routine use" exception allows government agencies to disclose individually identifiable information simply by stating their plans to disclose that type of information when they create or alter the database.
"Records" and "Systems of Records"
The Privacy Act defines a "record" as any type of information that includes a person's "name, or the identifying number, symbol, or other identifying particular assigned to the individual, such as a finger or voice print or a photograph." While it may have been extremely difficult in 1974 to affect someone's privacy without knowing their name, Social Security number or appearance, the sophistication of today's databases make it much easier to single out an individual from a set of facts, none of which is in itself an "identifying particular."
The Act also limits "systems of records" to those groups of records "from which information is retrieved by the name of the individual or by some identifying number, symbol, or other identifying particular assigned to the individual." As the Privacy Protection Study Commission noted, many databases contain personally identifiable information, but do not retrieve records by that information. Any such databases would be exempt from the provisions of the Privacy Act, though they might contain the same information and might still be used in the same way that an officially recognized "system of records" would be.
Law Enforcement Purposes
Exemptions for "law enforcement purposes" are scattered throughout the Privacy Act. The reasons for law enforcement exceptions are clear: it would be counterproductive to give criminal suspects under surveillance the ability to request files on current investigations about them. Thus, "matching programs" do not include matches performed during a specific investigation of a particular person. Also, law enforcement agencies can exempt themselves from many of the Privacy Act's requirements if the agency's main function pertains to the enforcement of criminal laws and if the system of records contains information on: (A) information about offenders or alleged offenders, such as arrest and sentencing records; (B) information compiled for the purpose of a criminal investigation associated with a particular individual; or (C) reports identifiable to an individual compiled at any stage of enforcing criminal laws, from arrest through release from supervision.
However, there are specific areas of the Privacy Act that law enforcement cannot exempt itself from. A law enforcement agency must abide by the disclosure rules of subsection (b), meaning that they cannot disclose personally identifiable information unless they have consent or the disclosure falls within one of the twelve conditions mentioned in the Requirements for Government Disclosure of Information section above. The agency must also still keeps records on who has requested information under the Privacy Act. The law enforcement agency also must publish the existence and character of its database in the Federal Register, including routine uses, data storage policies, and contact information for the official responsible for the system. Law Enforcement agencies must also still abide by fair information practices, meaning that they must ensure reasonable accuracy, completeness, timeliness and relevance of records; they must make reasonable efforts to tell an individual when their records have been disclosed due to a court order or a subpoena; and they must establish appropriate rules of conduct and safeguards to protect the privacy and security of the information.
Routine Use
One of the most commonly abused provisions of the Privacy Act is the "routine use" exception. One of the twelve reasons that an agency might be allowed to disclose personal information is if the disclosure is "for a routine use as defined in subsection (a)(7) of this section and described under subsection (e)(4)(D) of this section."
Subsection (a)(7) simply defines "routine use" as "the use of such record for a purpose which is compatible with the purpose for which it was collected." Note that a routine use does not have to be a purpose identical to the purpose for which the record was collected, only a compatible purpose. This phrasing can often lead to "mission creep" for a system of records, in which the routine uses for a particular database gradually increase until its scope is far greater than its originally stated goals.
Subsection (e)(4)(D) simply requires that the routine uses be stated in the Federal Register. While this might suggest that all potential routine uses must be listed, the reality is that these listings are often so broad as to include all potential uses of the data. While some court decisions have limited how broadly an agency can describe "routine uses" (see Britt v. Naval Investigative Service below), a large number of uses can still be covered by a short, general statement.
The Privacy Act Modernization for the Information Age Act of 2011
On October 18, 2011, Senator Daniel Akaka, Hawaii (D) introduced the Privacy Act Modernization for the Information Age (PAMIA) Act of 2011 bill to the Senate (S. 1732).
Born out of the “expansion of technology and the proliferation of personally identifiable information in the hands of government agencies,” the PAMIA Act majorly updates the Privacy Act in seven different ways: (1) the PAMIA Act clarifies several Privacy Act definitions; (2) the PAMIA Act updates exceptions for when agencies do not have to notify individuals of record disclosures; (3) the PAMIA Act updates the Privacy Act’s requirements for how agencies publish notice of systems of records; (4) the PAMIA Act strengthens civil remedies and criminal penalties for improper disclosure of information; (5) the PAMIA Act elaborates on the Privacy Act’s current definition of Personally Identifiable Information (PII); (6) the PAMIA Act creates a new Federal Chief Privacy Officer at the Office of Management and Budget (OMB); and (7) the PAMIA Act expands the investigative authority currently granted to the Department of Homeland Security Chief Privacy Officer to other agency privacy officers.
News
Bill Rankin, Court revives challenge to voter ID rules, Atlanta Journal-Constitution, August 13, 2003.
Caron Carlson,Who's Minding Your Data? eWeek, August 11, 2003.
Catherine Hubbard, Congress Should Not Overregulate Data Mining Efforts, Panel Says, CCH, August 8, 2003.
Randall Edwards, Report: Privacy compliance is uneven, Federal Computer Week, July 30, 2003.
Study: Privacy Laws Unevenly Enforced, BizReport, July 30, 2003.
Marcia Coyle, Fretting over U.S. data collection: Critics see a lack of privacy protections, National Law Journal, June 2, 2003, at P1.
Resources
Joint Committee on Government Operations, 93d Congress, Legislative History of the Privacy Act of 1974.
U.S. Department of Defense, Privacy Act of 1974 and OMB Implementation.
U.S. Department of Justice Overview of the Privacy Act of 1974.
History of the Privacy Act of 1974, Cavebear.com.
A Citizen's Guide on Using the Freedom of Information Act and the Privacy Act of 1974 To Request Government Records (Tennessee Criminal Law Defense Resources).
Robert Gellman, Does Privacy Law Work?, Technology and Privacy: The New Landscape.
Litigation Under the Federal Open Government Laws 2002, (Harry A. Hammitt, David L. Sobel, and Mark S. Zaid eds., 2002)
Cases
Doe v. Chao, 306 F.3d 170 (4th Cir. 2002), cert.granted, 2003 U.S. LEXIS 5035, (No. 02-1377, 2003 Term). Doe v. Chao concerns one of a group of miners who pseudonymously sued the Department of Labor for violating the Privacy Act of 1974 when the Department published the records of their black lung compensation claims with their Social Security numbers as their case numbers. This particular case, however, deals with Buck Doe, who claims actual damages for the emotional distress caused to him by the disclosure. The Fourth Circuit ruled that "actual harm" was required in order for a plaintiff to receive the statutory minimum damages of $1,000, and that Buck Doe had not met that requirement. On June 27th, 2003, the Supreme Court agreed to hear this case. EPIC has filed a brief in this case as amicus curiae.
Clarkson v. Internal Revenue Service, 678 F.2d 1368 (11th Cir. 1982). In this case, the Eleventh Circuit Court of Appeals held that the IRS improperly maintained records regarding the exercise of the plaintiff's First Amendment rights. The plaintiff, a tax protester, was followed and investigated by the IRS, who kept a file on him containing surveillance reports, newsletters, and press releases. The court found that these were in violation of the Privacy Act, even though the IRS contended that the records were not kept in a "system of records," since they were kept in a general "Tax Protest File," from which the IRS said it could not retrieve individual records by name.
Britt v. Naval Investigative Service, 886 F.2d 544 (3d Cir. 1989). In this case, the Naval Investigative Service (NIS) was investigating Britt, an employee of the Immigration and Naturalization Service (INS) and also a member of the Marine Reserves, for improper requisitions. The NIS released their preliminary investigations to the INS. Britt then sued for improper disclosure under the Privacy Act. The NIS claimed that their disclosure of the investigation fell within the "routine use" exception, since the routine uses published in the Federal Register included disclosures to "other investigative units (federal, state or local) for whom the investigation was conducted, or who are engaged in criminal investigative and intelligence activities; federal regulatory agencies with investigative units." Since the INS is a federal regulatory agency with an investigative unit, the NIA claimed that this was a routine use that was properly published in the Federal Register, and therefore not subject to the Privacy Act. The Third Circuit disagreed, saying that "the breadth of the clause relied on does not provide adequate notice to individuals as to what information concerning them will be released and the purposes of such release."
R.R. v. Department of the Army, 482 F. Supp. 770 (D.D.C. 1980). In this case, the D.C. District Court decided that a court can order an agency to amend or delete matters of opinion contained within an individual's file, if the factual basis for those opinions had been discredited.
Share this page:
Subscribe to the EPIC Alert
The EPIC Alert is a biweekly newsletter highlighting emerging privacy issues.
EPIC Alert archive »
Electronic Privacy Information Center
1519 New Hampshire Avenue NW
Washington, DC 20036
202.483.1140
info[at]epic[dot]org
© 1994 - 2020 EPIC, all rights reserved.
About EPIC
About EPIC
EPIC Advisory Board
EPIC Board and Staff
Fellowships and Clerkships
EPIC Bookstore
Privacy Policy
EPIC Testimonials
EPIC Guidestar Listing
EPIC Charity Navigator Listing
EPIC 2013 Annual Report
EPIC Image Archive
Contact EPIC
Press Center
EPIC in the News
Press Kit
EPIC Alert
EPIC Commentaries
Videos
EPIC Blog
Events
Privacy Infographics
EPIC's Work
Litigation Docket
Amicus Briefs
APA Comments
Open Government Cases
EPIC Congressional Testimony
EPIC Consumer Privacy Project
EPIC Domestic Surveillance Project
EPIC International Privacy Project
EPIC Open Government Project
EPIC Policy Project
EPIC Student Privacy Project
EPIC Publications
Privacy Campaigns
Spotlight on Surveillance
EPIC Affiliated Sites
Thepublicvoice.org
foia.rocks
privacycoalition.org
csisac.org
Hot Policy Issues
2020 Election Security
Algorithmic Transparency
Big Data
Cloud Computing
Consumer Privacy Bill of Rights
Cybersecurity
Donor Privacy
Drones and UAVs
Equifax Data Breach
EU Data Protection Directive
Facebook
GDPR
Google Purchase Tracking
Government Surveillance
Internet of Things
Location Privacy
Right to be Forgotten
Privacy Shield
Search Engine Privacy
Schrems Case (Safe Harbor)
Social Media Monitoring
Student Privacy
Voter ID Laws
Electronic Privacy Information Center1519 New Hampshire Avenue NW Washington, DC 20036More info
EPIC's Work
Litigation Docket
Amicus Briefs
APA Comments
Open Government Cases
EPIC Congressional Testimony
EPIC Consumer Privacy Project
EPIC Domestic Surveillance Project
EPIC International Privacy Project
EPIC Open Government Project
EPIC Policy Project
EPIC Student Privacy Project
EPIC Publications
Privacy Campaigns
Spotlight on Surveillance
Press Center
EPIC in the News
Press Kit
EPIC Alert
EPIC Commentaries
Videos
EPIC Blog
Events
Privacy Infographics
Affiliated Sites
Thepublicvoice.org
foia.rocks
privacycoalition.org
csisac.org
FOIA Documents
EPIC FOIA Notes
EPIC Former Secrets
Hot Policy Issues
2020 Election Security
Algorithmic Transparency
Big Data
Cloud Computing
Consumer Privacy Bill of Rights
Cybersecurity
Donor Privacy
Drones and UAVs
Equifax Data Breach
EU Data Protection Directive
Facebook
GDPR
Google Purchase Tracking
Government Surveillance
Internet of Things
Location Privacy
Right to be Forgotten
Privacy Shield
Search Engine Privacy
Schrems Case (Safe Harbor)
Social Media Monitoring
Student Privacy
Voter ID Laws
About EPIC
About EPIC
EPIC Advisory Board
EPIC Board and Staff
Fellowships and Clerkships
EPIC Bookstore
Privacy Policy
EPIC Testimonials
EPIC Guidestar Listing
EPIC Charity Navigator Listing
EPIC 2013 Annual Report
EPIC Image Archive
Contact EPIC
EPIC Bookstore
Support EPIC