http://www.triemax.com/privacy.html
[Skip to content]triemax.ProductsJalopyFeaturesRelease HistoryFAQUser's GuideRequest TrialpurchasePricingsupportReport Bug Request Featurecontact
Privacy Policy
The following statement discloses the consumer privacy practices of TRIEMAX
Software Ltd. ("TRIEMAX") for the TRIEMAX Web Site (this "Site"). By using this
Site, you are deemed to consent to our privacy practices. If you do not consent
to these privacy practices, do not use this Site or download any materials
from it.
We do revise and update our privacy practices from time to time and we reserve
the right to do so without any notice to you; so you should visit this page, at
least once every thirty days, to review our then-current privacy practices
because they are binding on you. All updates will be published at this site.
Your continued use of this Site shall be considered your consent to any
revised privacy practices.
Use of Personally Identifiable Information
In general, you can visit this Site without telling us who you are or revealing
any personal information about yourself. However, some areas of this Site may
require registration to access. We collect this information to better understand
your needs and provide you with services that are valuable to you. If you choose
not to provide the information we request, you can still visit much of this
Site, but you may be unable to access certain options, offers and services such
as downloading trial or evaluation software.
TRIEMAX provides a number of ways for you to "opt-out" of receiving certain
additional information from us. We may offer you these choices at the time you
give us your information. However, the availability of certain offers and
services such as downloading trial or evaluation software may be conditioned
upon your agreement to permit TRIEMAX to contact you, in which case, notice
of any such condition will appear on this Site.
Please be advised that in certain instances, it may be necessary for TRIEMAX to
disclose your personal information to federal, state and local government
officials in the U.S. or overseas or otherwise as required by our legal
obligations.
Use of Cookies
TRIEMAX may use cookies from time to time. Cookies are small text files a Web
site can use to recognize a repeat visitor to the Web site. We use cookies for
various reasons. Cookies enable us to provide you with a better experience by
allowing us to understand what areas of this Site are of interest to our
members. These cookies do not track individual information. Cookies from
TRIEMAX can only be read by TRIEMAX Web sites. If you do not want TRIEMAX to
deploy cookies in your browser, you can set your browser to reject cookies or
to notify you when a Web site tries to put a cookie in your browser software.
If you choose to disable cookies in your browser, you can still access most of
this Site, however, your ability to use some of the products and/or services at
this Site may be affected.
Password
When you register with this Site, you will be provided a password that will
allow you to access this Site. You are responsible for maintaining the
confidentiality of your personal information and password. You shall be
responsible for all uses of your password, whether or not authorized by you.
You agree to immediately notify us of any unauthorized use of your password.
Links to Third Party Web Sites
At this Site, there may be links to companies with whom we have a relationship.
TRIEMAX is not responsible for the privacy practices of our business partners.
We encourage you to read their privacy statements, as they may differ from ours.
Please remember that any information you submit in a chat group or forum will be
deemed public information and is not confidential. There is a risk in such
communication venues that information can be collected and used by others.
Please be careful and responsible when you are online.
Imprint |
Privacy Policy |
Webmaster |
TopCopyright © 2003-2013 TRIEMAX Software. All rights reserved.