https://www.testking.com/policy.htm
Home
Privacy
Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting our web site. This privacy policy tells you how we use personal information collected at this site. Please read this privacy policy before using the site or submitting any personal information. By using the site, you are accepting the practices described in this privacy policy. These practices may be changed, but any changes will be posted and changes will only apply to activities and information on a going forward, not retroactive basis. You are encouraged to review the privacy policy whenever you visit the site to make sure that you understand how any personal information you provide will be used.
Note: the privacy practices set forth in this privacy policy are for this web site only. If you link to other web sites, please review the privacy policies posted at those sites.
Collection of Information
We collect personally identifiable information, like names, postal addresses, email addresses, etc., when voluntarily submitted by our visitors. The information you provide is used to fulfill you specific request. This information is only used to fulfill your specific request, unless you give us permission to use it in another manner, for example to add you to one of our mailing lists.
Cookie/Tracking Technology
The Site may use cookie and tracking technology depending on the features offered. Cookie and tracking technology are useful for gathering information such as browser type and operating system, tracking the number of visitors to the Site, and understanding how visitors use the Site. Cookies can also help customize the Site for visitors. Personal information cannot be collected via cookies and other tracking technology, however, if you previously provided personally identifiable information, cookies may be tied to such information. Aggregate cookie and tracking information may be shared with third parties.
Distribution of Information
We may share information with governmental agencies or other companies assisting us in fraud prevention or investigation. We may do so when: (1) permitted or required by law; or, (2) trying to protect against or prevent actual or potential fraud or unauthorized transactions; or, (3) investigating fraud which has already taken place. The information is not provided to these companies for marketing purposes.
Commitment to Data Security
Your personally identifiable information is kept secure. Only authorized employees, agents and contractors (who have agreed to keep information secure and confidential) have access to this information. All emails and newsletters from this site allow you to opt out of further mailings.
Privacy Contact Information
If you have any questions, concerns, or comments about our privacy policy you may contact us by e-mail support@testking.com
We reserve the right to make changes to this policy. Any changes to this policy will be posted.
Money Back Guarantee
Testking provides hassle-free money back guarantee with our products. That is because we have 100% trust in the abilities of our professional and experience product team, and our record is a proof of that.
How The Guarantee Works?
Testking Valuable Customers
Testking is the world's largest certification preparation company with 99.6% Pass Rate History from 325384+ Satisfied Customers in 145 Countries.
Secure Shopping Experience
Your purchase with Testking is safe and fast. Your products will be available for immediate download after your payment has been received.
The Testking website is protected by 256-bit SSL from McAfee, the leader in online security.
Need help assistance? Contact us!
Customer Support
Winter SALE! 20% Discount for All Exams!
This is a ONE TIME OFFER. You will never see this Again
Instant Discount 20% OFF
Enter Your Email Address to Receive Your 20% OFF Discount Code Plus... Our Exclusive Weekly Deals
Please enter your email to Get Your Discount Code
A confirmation link will be sent to this email address to verify your login.
Get Your Discount Code
* We value your privacy. We will not rent or sell your email address.
Your 20% Discount on Your Purchase
Save 20%. Today on all IT exams. Instant Download
Use the following Discount Code during the checkout and get 20% discount on all your purchases:
Start Shopping