http://www.glanceimage.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Introduction
Glance Image takes your data seriously and we are committed to the privacy and security of it. This policy is to help you understand how we will collect and use your personal data.
Who we are
Glance Image trades as a sole trader providing web design, photography and IT support.
What we collect and how it is used
We will only collect the information we need for core business purposes such as invoicing, contacting you or the information we need to make and host a website or to arrange a photo shoot. This may be done by phone, email or in person. Examples of this type of information are email address, name, phone number, company name, billing address, location of a photo shoot and business social media login details.
Who has access to this information
Only myself (Terry Rook) has direct access to this information which is stored on a password protected system or in a secure filing cabinet. I would only share the information with other parties if they were working directly with me or providing a related service for the work. We will never sell or lease your information to third parties.
We will store your data for a reasonable amount of time to complete the work. Invoices with billing information will be kept for audit purposes.
Website Cookies
Our website uses basic WordPress cookies. You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when websites set or access cookies. Please see our cookies policy for more details.
Your legal rights over your personal data
You have the right to request:
Access to the personal data we hold about you, this is free of charge.
Correction of your personal data when incorrect, out of date or incomplete.
For your personal data to be deleted.
Changes to this privacy policy
Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on our website.
For further information please contact Terry Rook
Email: terryrook@glanceimage.co.uk – Mobile: 07982 255545
PhotographyNew Work
Food
People
Places
Clients
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkPrivacy policy