https://www.datamotion.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy and Security Policy
DataMotion values and respects the data privacy of its customers and website visitors. The purpose of this Privacy and Security Policy is to provide you with information about how DataMotion collects, uses, and shares the information we collect from our customers and visitors. It also describes the choices you can make about our use of your information.
About This Policy
This Privacy and Security Policy applies to our interactions with our customers and website visitors, including, but not limited to:
Use of our websites, including mobile websites
Visits to our tradeshow booths, exhibits, seminars or offices
Use of our (upcoming) applications for mobile phones, tablets or other smart devices
Interactions through social media like Facebook, YouTube, Google+, Instagram, Twitter, etc.
Viewing our online advertisements or emails
Through our authorized service providers
This policy does not apply to third-party websites of our partners or business associates or websites accessible through our websites.
Information We CollectContact Information
We may collect the names and user names of our customers and other visitors. Additionally, we may collect your billing and shipping addresses, phone numbers, email addresses, and other digital contact information. We may also collect information that you provide us about others, or on behalf of your company or business or employer, or other employees of your company, business or employer.
Payment Information
When you make any online purchase we do not collect any payment information, but we redirect you to our third-party service providers who collect your payment information, including information from your credit card. The information you provide to these third-party service providers is governed by their own privacy and security policies and this Policy statement is not binding or applicable to these providers.
Location Information
If you use our websites, we may collect location data obtained from your IP (Internet Protocol) address. If you are using any of our products or services, you cannot restrict collection of the IP address of your location.
Other Information
We may collect any of the information or content that you provide through our websites, device applications, or online forums. If you use our websites, we collect your IP address and other related information such as the type of browser and operating system you are using. We might also track the pages you visit, look at what website you came from, or what website you visit when you leave us. We collect this information using the various standard Internet tracking tools.
How Information is CollectedWe collect information directly from you. The following are a few examples of when we collect information from you:
During website visit, survey participation, webinar registration, etc.
In connection with an online purchase
If you use an online form to download product literature or whitepapers, submit a question or answer during an online chat or fill out Contact Us form for Sales or Support teams, or submit a request for information, contact or support
If you participate in a contest, promotion, program, or workshop
If you apply or inquire about employment
In connection with your interactions with us as a registered user of our websites, by clicking “My Account”.
We collect information from you passively. We may use tracking tools like browser cookies, flash cookies, and web beacons.
We collect information from other sources. We may get information about you from third party business partners, lead providers, or marketing services providers.
We collect information from Resellers or consultants or referral partners of DataMotion.
How We Use InformationWe use the information we collect for our business purposes, including:
To respond to your questions and requests. Examples include:
Fulfilling orders, activating your account or providing services such as subscription renewal notice
Administering your participation in promotions or sending you prizes you might have won
Responding to a product or service review
To improve our products and services.
We may use your information to make website, device application, or product and service improvements.
For security and loss prevention purposes.
We may use your information to protect our company, our customers, or our websites.
For our marketing communications purposes.
In certain circumstances, we may send you communications about special DataMotion promotions or offers via regular mail, email, or other electronic channels, including ads on social media platforms. We may send you emails if you have registered on a website or if you gave us your information during an event such as webinars, tradeshows, etc. We may also notify you of new website features or product and service offerings. We may use information including information collected across different online services and collected from the various devices you may use, to deliver you marketing communications (including online ads) based on your interests. For example, if you view a product on our website, you may see ads for that product on our or third-party websites and applications. You will be provided an opportunity to ‘opt-out’ of receiving our marketing email communications whenever you choose.
To communicate with you about your account or our relationship.
We may contact you to tell you about changes to this Privacy and Security Policy, the Terms of Use of our websites or device applications, or changes to any of our programs in which you might be enrolled.
For employment purposes.
We may use the personal information you provide in connection with a job application or related inquiry for processing and responding to your application or inquiry.
For social media.
When you engage with our content on or through third-party social networking websites, plug-ins and applications, you may allow us to have access to certain social media account information (e.g., name, username, email address, gender) as determined by the settings of the social media services to deliver the content or as part of the operation of the website, plug-in or application. Social media platforms may collect information about your use of our services and may notify other users of the platform about your activities on our websites and device applications. Social media services may also use cookies or other technologies to provide services or track your online activities over time and across multiple websites and device applications. Your interactions with social media platforms and their features are governed by the respective privacy policies and terms of service of the companies providing the social media services. DataMotion Privacy and Security Policy does not apply to these social media platforms.
For other uses we may disclose to you.
We may also use personal information with your consent, and as otherwise permitted or required by law.
Information SharingWe may share your information for our business purposes and as legally required or permitted, including:
With third parties who perform services on our behalf.
We share information with our service providers, resellers, consultants and referral partners.
With any successor to all or part of our business.
For example, if all or part of our business is sold we may transfer, sell or disclose our customer list in preparation for or as part of that transaction.
In order to comply with the law.
For example, we will disclose information to respond to a court order or subpoena. We may also disclose information if a government agency or investigatory body requests it.
With our business partners.
For example, we might share information with one of our resellers or a business partners who is running a joint promotion with us or who provides a product or service in partnership with us.
To protect us.
For example, we will disclose information if we suspect fraud. We will also share information as part of an investigation. We may also disclose personal information to assist us in collection of your outstanding dues or fees, if any.
Your Privacy PreferencesYou can register or change your preferences to receive or not receive marketing communications from us by emailing us at: unsubscribe@datamotion.com. Please allow sufficient time for your preferences to be processed. Even if you opt out of receiving marketing messages, we may still contact you for transactional purposes like confirming or following up on an order or support request, responding to customer service inquiries, asking you to review a product or service you have ordered, or notifying you of product updates.
Online Subscription Registration and SecurityOnline registration is an optional service provided by our website. When you subscribe for any of our products or services on our websites, we redirect you to a third-party using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology. All your order information, including your credit card number and delivery address, is collected by this agency through the Internet using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology to encrypt all your information. SSL technology, an industry standard, is designed to prevent someone other than operators of our websites from capturing and viewing your personal information.
While we use industry standard means to protect our websites and your information, the Internet is not 100% secure. The measures we use are appropriate for the type of information we collect. We cannot promise that your use of our websites or mobile applications will be completely safe. We encourage you to use caution when using the Internet. Online access to your personal information is protected with a password you select. We strongly recommend that you do not share your password.
When you register, you are asked for personal information such as your name, address, phone number, email address, and a username and password that you select. You may also optionally provide information regarding your interests. Please note that use of our products and services as a registered user is governed by the Terms of Service applicable to such user accounts.
LinksOur websites contain links to third party websites. If you click on one of those links, you will be taken to websites we do not control. This Privacy and Security Policy does not apply to the information practices of those websites. You should read the privacy policies of other websites carefully. We are not responsible for third party websites.
Contact Us
If you have additional questions on our Privacy and Security Policy, you can contact us at privacy@datamotion.com.
Our Tracking TechniquesTracking Tools We Use
We collect personal and other information about users over time and across different websites and devices. when you use this website or service. We also have third parties that collect personal information this way. We or our vendors use several common online tracking tools to collect this information. These may include browser and flash cookies. We may also use web beacons and similar technologies. We or third parties may also collect or receive information from our device applications and others’ device applications and use that information to provide measurement services and targeted ads. We (and our third party service providers) also use these tools:
To track new visitors to our websites.
To recognize returning customers.
To learn what site referred you to our website or device application.
To store your password if you are registered on our website.
To personalize your experience on our website, device application and on third-party social networking websites, plug-ins and applications.
To collect and store geographic data determined by the IP address of your computer.
To optimize and tailor our websites and device applications.
To make product recommendations and provide you with advertising content in which we think you will be interested. As part of this customization, we may observe your behaviors on our device applications, our websites or on other websites. We may also get information about your browsing history from our trusted business partners and vendors.
So we can better understand our audience, our customers, our website visitors and device application users, and their respective interests, including by learning about your online activities across devices.
To provide correct pricing and ads for the local store you select.
Controlling Our Tracking ToolsYour browser may give you the ability to control cookies. If you configure your computer to block cookies, you will limit the functionality we can provide when you visit our websites. If you configure to block or delete cookies, not all of the tracking that we have described in this policy will stop.
Our “Do Not Track” policy: Some browsers have a “Do Not Track” feature that lets you tell websites that you do not want to have your online activities tracked. These browser features are not uniform, so we are not currently set up to respond to those signals.
Changes to this Privacy and Security PolicyEffective Date: May 20,2018
Last Revision Date: May 20, 2018
From time to time we may change our privacy policies. We will notify you of any material changes to our Privacy and Security Policy by posting an updated copy on our website. Please check our website periodically for updates. Please note that your continued use of our websites and/or our registered user services is considered as your acceptance of our then current Privacy and Security Policy.
MENUMENUProducts
SecureMail
Email encryption for business. Exchange messages, email, files and forms from anywhere to anywhere – with security and privacy built-in.
DataMotion Direct
Direct Secure Messaging for healthcare providers, payers, patients, business associates, and clinical systems.
Secure Message Center
Enable secure messaging, email and document exchange from your self-service portal or mobile app.
SecureFileTransfer Automation
Managed file transfer that is secure and simple.
SecureForms
Transform web and paper forms into secure online forms.
SecureMail Gateway
Scan all email and attachments for sensitive information.
SecureContact
Receive a secure email or file from any webpage.
Developer
Secure Message Center API
Comprehensive API documentation for adding a Secure Message Center into a portal or application
Secure Message Center API Trial
Sign up for your free API trial, no credit card needed.
DataMotion Direct API
Comprehensive API documentation for adding clinical information exchange service into a portal or application
SecureForms Product
Transform web and paper forms into secure online forms
Solutions
Email Encryption Evolved
Business communication solutions without the usual security and compliance friction.
Financial Services
Secure messaging, email, form and document solutions to improve the digital experience
Clinical Information Exchange
Clinical data exchange solutions for Health IT / mHealth apps align to ONC and CMS directives.
Public Sector
Secure data delivery solutions for digital transformation at government agencies.
Company
Board of Directors
Business communication solutions without the usual security and compliance friction.
Our Team
Business communication solutions without the usual security and compliance friction.
Careers
Business communication solutions without the usual security and compliance friction.
Contact Us
Business communication solutions without the usual security and compliance friction.
SupportBlog