http://www.aiso.net/company/privacy-policy
Toggle navigation
Hosting
Website Hosting
Website Builder
WordPress Optimized
Cloud VPS
E-Commerce Hosting
Dedicated Hosting
Windows ASP/.Net Hosting
Reseller Plans
Company
Contact Us
Clients
News
Testimonials
Affiliate Program
The Aiso Logo
Web Hosting Acquistions
Technology
Virtualization
Data Center
Services
SSL Certificates
Domain Registration
DNS Hosting
Email Hosting
Email Archiving
Content Delivery Network
File Management
Mailing List
Server Software
Business Solutions
Reseller Plans
Cloud Hosting
Co-Location
Security
Contact Us
(800) 781-9004
Customer Login
Control Panel
Old WebMail
New WebMail
Support
Help Desk
FAQs
New Ticket
Contact Us
Update Info
Privacy Policy
Affordable Internet Services Online, Inc.("AISO") is strongly committed to protecting the privacy of its customers. The intent of this privacy policy is to detail the information AISO may gather about customers who visit its Web sites, how that information is used, and AISO's disclosure practices. Please note that this policy applies only to AISO's Web sites and not to the Web sites of other companies or organizations to which we provide links to via our web site. It discusses the ways in which we collect, use, maintain and disclose information collected by us from our customers, visitors to our websites, and, in some cases, visitors to our customer's websites (Users). Our Privacy Policy is part of our contracts. It is incorporated into our TOS, AUP and any other contract we have with Users. The nature of Internet business requires us to collect information from Users. While this policy is entitled a "privacy policy," it discusses all of the ways in which we use information collected from Users. Information transmitted, collected, processed or which is otherwise provided to us by Users is not necessarily considered by us to be private. Please review this policy carefully to determine how we treat this information. The Services may incorporate Third Party Products. The providers of these Third Party Products may have privacy policies that are different from ours. Please contact us through our contact form for more information. If at any time, you would like to know how specific information is handled, please contact us through our contact form
AISO Visit Information
AISO gathers "visit" information (such as your IP address, Internet Service Provider (ISP), What web site you came from (Referrer), Your Country, Browser Type, Browser Version, Operating System (OS), Display/Screen Settings, etc..) from all visitors that visit AISO web sites. Such data is used in the aggregate, to help determine general usage patterns, how the site was accessed and fine tune layout in order to ensure that our sites are as useful and enjoyable as possible. The data is also used to provide technical support. We use cookies and tracking software to provide the Services and for marketing purposes. Cookies are small data files that are placed automatically on a User's computer by our equipment. These data files are read by us to determine whether you have visited our site before, how often, the length of time and which pages you view. Tracking software may observe Users' use of the Services or movement on particular web pages. This "visit" and statistical information will not be made public information and is not given to any third-party.
Please note that AISO does not control 100% of HTML/files served in conjunction with its main web site. The AISO main web site may include content from other parties such as google, that may perform user activity tracking other than that described herein.
Individual User Information
Visitors are specifically asked for individually identifiable information when signing up to use AISO services, such as web hosting, vps or e-mail plans. In some instances, users may be asked for personal interest and/or demographic information in order to create a more customized user experience; however these fields will generally be optional. Users who are our customers provide us with their name, address, phone number, user name, credit/debit card or bank information and other personally identifiable or confidential information and other information we require to provide Service to them. We may also acquire information about customers from third parties such as credit reporting agencies, as well as collect information about our customers' use of the Services. This information may be linked to the information provided to us by our customers to create an administrative record and is referred to as "Registration and Billing Information". Individually identifiable information will not be released without that individual's prior consent. AISO may be required to disclose personal information in response to a lawful request by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. We will produce all information in our possession as required by law or a reasonable interpretation of it. We may also disclose this information if it is necessary or required to protect our business interests. This includes producing information in conjunction with the sale or acquisition of all or part of our business. If possible, we will attempt to notify Users that we intend to produce this information. However, we are under no obligation to do so if we are prohibited by law, or a reasonable interpretation of the law, if such a notice is impractical, or in conjunction with the sale or acquisition of all or part of our business.
AISO and/or its partners may wish to contact individual users regarding community news or to make promotional offers. However, such communications will only be delivered to users who have previously opt-in and approved them.
AISO will not disclose any of its customers' personal and account information unless AISO has reason to believe that disclosing such information is necessary to identify, make contact with, or bring legal action against someone who may be causing harm or interfering with the rights or property of AISO or AISO's customers.
AISO Customer Website Visit Information
AISO gathers "visit" information (such as your website visitor IP address, Internet Service Provider (ISP), what web site they came from (Referrer), your URL that was accessed, form post data, website response data, and response codes) from all visitors that visit AISO customer web sites. Such data is used in the aggregate within web server access logs, live user profiling to prevent intrusion to your website, to help determine bandwidth usage of your site for billing purposes, web site errors at the customers request, bot profiling and intrusion prevention; in order to ensure that our customers sites are as safe from intrusion and accessable to its users as much as possible. The data is also used to provide technical support such as error reporting.
This "visit" and statistical information will not be made public information, is purged after 30 days, and is not given to any third-party.
Data Security
AISO will protect the confidentiality of its customers' information, account information and personal communications to the fullest extent possible and consistent with the law. To protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of information that is collected from customers, AISO has appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures in place to secure this information. We are not responsible for loss corruption or unauthorized acquisition and use of information, or for any damages resulting therefrom, including unauthorized acquisition and use. Unless this Privacy Policy states otherwise, our employees are required to keep the information set out here confidential.
How is customer information used?
AISO will not share any customer information with partners, affiliates or company representatives. AISO may use customer information to provide its customers with system information or information about new or upgraded products. It may be shared with third parties affiliated with us if they provide services through us to Users and those services are billed by them independently. Aggregate information based on Registration and Billing Information will not be disclosed to third parties and all third parties are not allowed to market products and services to our Users unless the User accepts via a AISO provided opt-in method.
Opt Out & Modifications
Customers may opt out of receiving notices of new or upgraded products from AISO by sending a request to privacy@aiso.net or inside our control panel under your account details. In this request to privacy@aiso.net, customers must identify: service purchased from AISO, domain name (if applicable), contact information, and the date the service was purchased. However, customers may not opt out of receiving information from AISO which is essential for maintaining or updating customers' accounts or system information.
You have the right to access your personal data and to limit its use and disclosure. Most customers may access and modify their personal information via the online Control Panel, account information page. All other customers may access and modify their personal information by contacting AISO.
Domain name customers who have registered a domain name with AISO and wish to change the Contact Information listed in the domain record, may send a request to domains@aiso.net, login to our control panel and change the information, or enable the whois privacy protection feature on the domain. It is important to note that customer domain name registration information is made publicly available in the registry of domain names unless whois privacy is available for the domain and is enabled.
Ordering & Control Panel Site
If you register or make a purchase while on our Website, we will ask for Personally Identifiable Information such as your name, email address, or physical address. In addition, we collect and analyzes traffic on the Website by keeping track of the IP addresses of our visitors and by collecting log file information. Your IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to the computer that you are using by your Internet service provider (ISP) or by another organization. An IP address, by itself, cannot identify you personally. However, when combined with other information, your IP address can be used to identify the computer you are using. In addition, we may use your IP address to estimate your geographic location.
The ordering and control panel system uses "cookies" and similar technologies, including HTML5 local storage on the Website and when providing the Services. A cookie is a file stored on your device that may be used to identify an individual as a unique user by storing certain personal preferences and user data. It uses cookies and other technologies to identify your device, identify authorized users of our systems, track affiliate referrals, complete online purchases through our shopping carts, and similar Website monitoring activities. We may also use web beacons, small graphic images or other web programming code (also known as "1x1 GIFs" or "clear GIFs"), which may be included in our web pages and e-mail messages.
Web beacons may be invisible to you, but any electronic image or other web programming code inserted into a web page or e-mail can act as a web beacon. Web beacons or similar technologies may be used for a number of purposes, including, without limitation, to count visitors to the Website, to monitor how users navigate the Website, to count how many e-mails that were sent were actually opened or to count how many particular articles or links were actually viewed. We may also use embedded scripts on the Website and in connection with the provision of its Services. “Embedded scripts” are programming code designed to collect information about your interactions with a website, such as the links you click on, and may assist our customers
in providing us with information used to provide the Services. The code is temporarily downloaded onto your device from our web server, our customer's web server, or a third party service provider, is active only while you are connected to the website containing the embedded script, and is deactivated or deleted thereafter. Your web browser automatically sends information to every website you visit, including ours. For example, our server logs may receive and record information such as the pages you access on the Website, referring URLs, your browser type, your operating system, the date and time of your visit, and the duration of your visit to each page. Log file information may also include a user agent string, a series of characters
automatically sent with your Internet requests that provide information necessary for smooth Internet communications such as the operating system and browser you used. Similar to an IP address, a user agent string, by itself, does not identify you personally. However, when combined with other information, a user agent string might be used to identify the computer originating a message. We may also request access to or otherwise receive information about your device location when you access the Website. Your location data may be based on your IP address. We use location data in connection with providing the Services and to help improve the Services. We may assign your computer or mobile device a unique identification number ("Unique ID") based on log
file information when you access the Website and may set a cookie on your device containing, amongst other things, the device's Unique ID. We use information generated from the Unique ID for purposes of improving our Services, primarily our ability to detect fraud. We do not share the Unique ID or any associated data with unaffiliated third parties.
Special Notification with respect to Children's Privacy
(Users under the age of 13)
In response to concerns about protecting children's privacy online, Congress enacted the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 ("COPPA"), which sets forth rules and procedures governing the ways in which Web sites may collect, use and disclose any personal information for children under the age of 13. In accordance with AISO privacy policy and COPPA regulations, we DO NOT:
1. Request or knowingly collect personally identifiable online or offline contact
information from users under 13 years of age.
2. Knowingly use or share personal information from users under 13 years of age with
third parties.
3. Give children the ability to publicly post or otherwise distribute personally
identifiable contact information.
4. Entice children with the prospect of a special game, prize or other activity to
divulge more information than is needed to participate in the activity.
Questions regarding children's privacy or any privacy concerns should be directed to:
Affordable Internet Services Online, Inc.
25655 Louisa Lane
Romoland, California 92585 USA
1+ (951) 928-8190 phone
1+ (951) 928-8191 fax
E-mail: privacy@aiso.net
Disclosure
AISO reserves the right to access and disclose individually identifiable information to comply with applicable laws and lawful government requests or to protect itself or its users. Where practical, AISO will attempt to obtain the prior consent of the individual prior to disclosing individually identifiable information. We also may use information collected from web site visitors, visitors to our network systems, our customers or logs to protect AISO and its users. Depending on the severity of the violation, AISO may, at its sole discretion, pursue other civil remedies for visitors and/or customers to its sites, services, servers and network. If such violation is a criminal offense, AISO will notify the appropriate law enforcement authorities of such violation. An unlisted activity may also be a violation of the TOS if it is illegal, irresponsible, or constitutes disruptive use of the Internet. Violators are responsible, without limitations, for the cost of labor to rectify any damage done to the operation of the network and business operations supported by the network, and to respond to complaints incurred by AISO. Violations of system or network security are prohibited and may result in criminal and civil liability and visit information or information contained in logs may be used. AISO reserves the right to revise this privacy policy at anytime without notice.
Revised: 08/07/2020
facebook
twitter
Our Green, Solar Powered Network.
SERVER ROOM TEMP
DEW POINT
HEAT INDEX
REL. HUMIDITY
WIND
BAROMETER
Choose.
Shared Hosting
Reseller Hosting
Cloud VPS
Dedicated Servers
Start.
WordPress Hosting
Joomla Hosting
Magento Hosting
Drupal Hosting
Ask.
(800) 781-9004
(951) 928-8190
25655 LOUISA LANE - ROMOLAND, CA 92585 - USA
|
LOCAL: (951) 928-8190 - TOLL FREE: (800) 781-9004
© 1997- AFFORDABLE INTERNET SERVICES ONLINE, INC. | TOS | Privacy Policy