http://www.gifanimations.com/privacy.policy.php
Toggle navigation
Galleries
Newest Media Popular Media Contributors
Lightboxes Login
Galleries
Outer Space (17)
Business (395)
Animals (358)
Arts/Music (119)
Characters (74)
Design (392)
Food (66)
Historic
Holidays/Events
People (16)
Places
Plants
Science (76)
Seasons
Social (56)
Sports (8)
Structures (6)
Transportation (64)
Clipart
Other (31)
Privacy Policy
GIFAnimations, and its advertisers and affiliates, are deeply committed to protecting the privacy of its users. Below is information outlining our continued support for the responsible management of consumer information.
Consumer Information
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our site. These companies may use aggregated information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here.
Data Collection and Opt Out
GIFAnimations, as well as most sites on the Internet, use "cookies" to enhance your experience on the web. GIFAnimations cannot use these cookies to personally identify you in any way. What are cookies and why do we use them? A cookie is a unique number that is provided to you the first time GIFAnimations serves you an ad. This unique number, which is stored in a cookie file on your computer, helps GIFAnimations target ads to you. This cookie can help GIFAnimations ensure that we don't serve you the same ad multiple times, and help our advertisers understand what you like and don't like about their offerings so that they can cater better to your needs the next time you are interested in their products or services. While we believe that cookies enhance your Internet experience by limiting the number of times you see the same ad and delivering more relevant content to you, they are not required for GIFAnimations to deliver you an ad.
If you do not want the benefit of cookies, there is a simple procedure to manually delete your cookies. Please consult your web browser's Help documentation for more information.
GIFAnimations works with a third party that serves ads to this site.