https://www.productivecomputing.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Menu
My Account
Training
Support
Blog
About
Contact
Cart
Menu
Home
Plug-ins
QuickBooks
FM Books Connector
FM Books Connector Online
Mail and Calendar
Outlook Manipulator
Exchange Manipulator SE
gManipulator
Address Book Manipulator
iCal Manipulator
Utility
Biometric Fingerprint Reader
Change Printer
Cloud Manipulator
eSign Signature Capture
File Manipulator
FM Credit Card
PDF Manipulator DC
Solutions
Core CRM Pro
Core CRM Pro Training
Vessel Service Solutions
Vessel Service Solutions Resources
Development
FileMaker Maintenance Support Program
FM Credit Card Integration
Licensing
FileMaker Software
QuickBooks Desktop Pro
QuickBooks Desktop Premier
QuickBooks Desktop Enterprise
QuickBooks Online
Hosting
FileMaker Dedicated Hosting
FileMaker Shared Hosting
QuickBooks Cloud Hosting
Privacy Policy
Productive Computing, Inc. is a provider of FileMaker plug-ins, solutions, development services, hosting services, software licensing for FileMaker and QuickBooks, and online training. We collect data for the purposes of processing orders, providing support or for periodic marketing of these products and services for FileMaker related news. We promise to never share or sell your information to anyone, ever.
For any privacy-related questions, you can reach us at support@productivecomputing.com.
Who We Share Your Data With
We do not sell or rent our customers or users private personal information to anyone.
We use third-party services (data processors) for our website and hosting services. We list the specific third-parties in use below.
What Personal Data We Collect
Customer Information for Marketing Campaigns
We use email marketing to communicate with customers and potential customers from time to time. All email lists and campaigns are “opt-in”, meaning we will not send you these sorts of emails unless you indicate that you wish to receive them during signup or other interactions on our website.
We may send you “system” emails, such as password reset requests or payment notifications/receipts even if you have not opted-in to email marketing lists.
If at any time, our content ceases to appeal to you and you no longer want to receive communications from us, then you may click the unsubscribe link found at the footer of the emails.
We collect the following information for marketing campaigns:
Name
Email address
Company name
Customer Information for Order Processing
For the purposes of processing orders, billing, or contacting you in relation to issues or questions with your order we collect personal information to complete these transactions. At the time of purchase, you will be asked if you would like to receive email updates and any  product or industry related news. If authorized, your information will be added to our marketing campaign (MailChimp) list.
We collect the following information for order processing:
Name
Email address
Company name
Contact phone number
Address
Billing address (if different)
Website URLs
Credit card information
Product purchased
End user information (where applicable)
Customer Information for Registered Users
In order to provide you with your purchase history and the ability to manage your plug-in licenses, you are able to create a registered user account on our website. We store the data provided in your registered web profile indefinitely.
If you create an account on our site, you will be prompted to select a Username and provide other information (noted below).
When choosing a Username, we strongly advise you not use or include your real name. Usernames cannot be changed. Your Username and Email Address are stored in the website’s database. Your Email Address is used to send you an email with a link to set your password or to send you an email with a link to reset your password in the event you forget your password.
We collect the following information for registered users:
Name
Email address
Company name
Contact phone number
Address
Website URLs
Customer Information for Customer Support or Technical Support
If you visit our website or contact us for customer support or technical support, we collect and store your information so that we contact you and reply to your questions. We use a third-party source for tracking support tickets.  Please refer to the GrooveHQ privacy policy for more information.
We collect the following information for support users:
Name
Email address
Company name
Customer Information for Product License and Registration
When you purchase, use and register a product from Productive Computing, you are agreeing to terms of the End User License Agreement. For the purposes of tracking your valid registration keys for our products, information related to your machine (desktop, server or device) is required to be stored in our secure registration system. If you do not wish for this information to be collected and tracked, uninstall and cease use of the product.
We collect the following information for product registration:
Machine name
Machine identification number
Network identification number
Website Tracking and Analytics
We use Google Analytics for tracking visitors and aggregating information about the traffic to our websites. Please review the Google Analytics privacy policy for more information. We have turned on the IP Anonymization feature in Google Analytics.
What Rights You Have Over Your Data
If you are a registered user or have left comments on our site you can request to see or download the data we have about you.
For registered users or paying customers, this will also include profile information and download/payment histories.
You can request “to be forgotten” and we will erase any personally identifiable data we have about you. This will exclude data we need for administrative or security purposes or if we are required by law to retain some of the data.
Submit your requests to us at support@productivecomputing.com.
Information from Children
Products and services provided by Productive Computing, Inc is not directed to children under the age of 13 and we do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. Please contact us if you believe we have any information from or about a child under the age of 13.
Changes to Privacy Policy
Any information that we collect is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is collected. We may, however, revise the Privacy Policy from time to time. The current version will always be posted to our Privacy Policy page.
For questions regarding this Privacy Notice, please contact us at support@productivecomputing.com.
Product End-User License Agreement ("EULA")
IMPORTANT: This Productive Computing, Inc. End-User License Agreement ("EULA") is a legal AGREEMENT between you as a registered user and Productive Computing, Inc. for any and all Productive Computing software product(s). By installing, copying or otherwise using a Productive Computing software product, you agree to be bound by the terms of this EULA. If you do NOT agree to the terms of this EULA, then do NOT install or use the software product.
SOFTWARE PRODUCT LICENSE
Productive Computing software products are protected by copyright laws and international copyright treaties, as well as other intellectual property laws and treaties. The software products are licensed, not sold.
GRANT OF LICENSE. This EULA allows you, the registered computer software user, the following rights:
The software may be used only by you. You may install and use one copy of the software product, or any prior version thereof for the same operating system, on a single computer.
DESCRIPTION OF OTHER RIGHTS AND LIMITATIONS.
Restrictions: You may not reverse engineer, decompile, modify or disassemble the software product. The software product is licensed as a single product. Its component parts may not be separated for use on more than one computer. You may not sell, distribute, rent, lease or lend the software product to any other party.
Software Transfer: You may permanently transfer all of your rights under this EULA, as long as you no longer have any copies, transfer all of the software product, components, media, documentation (printed or otherwise) and the recipient agrees to all terms of this EULA.
For any questions regarding the EULA, please contact us at support@productivecomputing.com.
PLUG-INS Address Book Manipulator
Biometric Fingerprint Reader
Cloud Manipulator
Change Printer
eSign Signature Capture
Exchange Manipulator SE
File Manipulator
FM Books Connector
FM Books Connector Online
FM Credit Card
gManipulator
iCal Manipulator
Outlook Manipulator
PDF Manipulator
SOLUTIONS Core CRM Pro
Vessel Service Solutions
HOSTING Dedicated Hosting
Shared Hosting
QuickBooks Hosting
DEVELOPMENT Custom Development
FM Credit Card Integration
Maintenance Support Program
Request for Quote
SOFTWARE LICENSING FileMaker Pro
QuickBooks Pro
QuickBooks Premier
QuickBooks Enterprise
QuickBooks Online
SUPPORT Help Center
Product Forums
Videos
Blog
Email Support
Reseller Program
My History
Training Courses
Privacy Policy
CONTACT US Productive Computing, Inc.
950 Boardwalk, Suite 205
San Marcos, CA 92078
sales@productivecomputing.com
(760) 510-1200
YouTube
Twitter
Facebook
LinkedIn