https://www.case2k.com/privacy-terms/
PRIVACY TERMS – Case 2000
Skip to content
HOME
OUR MISSION
DROP A LINE
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
PRIVACY TERMS
PRIVACY TERMS
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information we receive from users of the Site.
We use your Personal Information only for providing and improving the Site. By using the Site, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.
Information Collection and Use
While using our Site, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to your name (“Personal Information”).
Log Data
Like many site operators, we collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Site (“Log Data”). This Log Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, browser version, and the pages of our Site that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and stored on your computer’s hard drive. Like many sites, we use “cookies” to collect information. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Site.
Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us. But remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
Our Company may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on the Site. You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us.
Search for:
Recent Posts
The Best Ways to Employ a Competent Motorbike Mishap Lawyer
Traffic Law Indications and Significances
Recent CommentsFeatured image
Featured video
Proudly powered by WordPress | Theme: Amadeus by Themeisle.