http://www.interactiveservices.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Interactive Services is committed to protecting your privacy. We abide by the Data Protection Acts to protect information about our clients. By using our website, you consent to the collection and use of information by us, as described in the text below. Data Any location in the Website you wish visit is purely voluntary. You are not required to provide any personal information to us unless you choose to access features of the Website which require such information. We collect information from you when you register on our site or fill out a form. When registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name or email address. You may however, visit anonymously. Under the Data Protection Act, you have the right to access the personal information that we have registered about you and to request that this information is updated or removed from our site at any time. For more information, please email us at contact@interactiveservices.com. We will not give, sell, rent or lease any personally identifiable information from you to any other company whether you share this with us through an email or an online form. We will only share the personal data you provide online with our staff and/or our business partners where it is appropriate to provide you with our services, or keep you updated about our services unless we have your express permission to use the information for other purposes, or are required to disclose the information by law. Interactive Services may use the information we collect to notify you about important changes to the Interactive Services website, or about new services and special offers we think you’ll find valuable. To opt out from receiving such information from us please email us at contact@interactiveservices.com. We will publish any changes to this policy on our website to make sure that you always know how we use personal information. Cookies Our website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website in order to provide increased functionality and service. This not only helps us to provide you with a better experience, but also to help us improve our website and services. Unless you have adjusted your web browser settings (if and where possible) to refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies as soon as you visit our website or related online services. However in doing so, you may find that certain functionality or services may be impaired or unavailable to you. The cookies we use only contain anonymous information to improve the services we offer, and do not contain personal information. You can find out more about cookies and how to disable cookies at allaboutcookies.org.
Book a Demo
FREE 7-Day Trial 100+ Compliance eLearning Topics Request a Free 7-Day Trial of our eLearning Solutions Start a free trial
Copyright ©2018 Interactive Services | All Rights Reserved | ISO9001 Certified Company | Privacy Policy | Sitemap