http://www.imtoo.com/privacy-policy.html
English
German
Italian
French
Japanese
RSS
Home
Products
Downloads
Windows
Mac
Support
Contact Us
Current Page: ImTOO > Privacy Policy
Package Deals
Create Discount Pack
Media Toolkit Ultimate
DVD Toolkit Platinum
DVD to iPod Suite
iPod Software Pack
Windows Products
iPod/iPhone/iPad Tools More
iTransfer Platinum
iPhone Transfer Platinum
iPhone Transfer Plus
iPad Mate Platinum
iPad Mate
PodWorks Platinum
PodWorks
iPhone Transfer
iPhone Ringtone Maker
iPhone Contacts Transfer
iPhone SMS Backup
iPhone Video Converter
iPad Video Converter
iPod Movie Converter
DVD/Blu Ray ToolsMore
DVD to Video
Blu-ray to Video Converter
DVD Creator
Blu-ray Creator 2
DVD to iPhone Converter
AVI to DVD Converter
DVD to MP4 Converter
DVD to AVI Converter
DVD Copy Express
Video ToolsMore
Video Converter
YouTube Video Converter
HD Video Converter
MP4 Video Converter
3D Movie Converter
MOV Converter
FLV Converter
MP4 to MP3 Converter
3GP Video Converter
HEVC/H.265 Converter
Audio Tools More
Audio Converter Pro
DVD to Audio Converter
Ringtone Maker
Audio Maker 6
YouTube Tools More
YouTube Video Converter
Download YouTube Video
YouTube to MP3 Converter
Online Video Converter
YouTube HD Video Downloader
YouTube HD Video Converter
Mac Products
iTransfer Platinum Mac
iPhone Transfer Platinum Mac
iPad Mate Platinum Mac
PodWorks Platinum Mac
iPhone Ringtone Maker Mac
iPhone Transfer Plus Mac
iPad Mate for Mac
PodWorks for Mac
iPhone Contacts Transfer Mac
DVD to Video for Mac
DVD to MP4 Converter for Mac
DVD to iPhone Converter for Mac
Blu-ray to Video Converter for Mac
DVD to iPad Converter for Mac
DVD to Audio Converter for Mac
DVD Creator for Mac
Video Converter for Mac
MP4 Converter for Mac
3D Movie Converter Mac
Video Editor 2 for Mac
Audio Converter Pro Mac
YouTube Video Converter for Mac
Download YouTube Video for Mac
YouTube HD Video Downloader Mac
YouTube to iTunes Converter Mac
YouTube to iPhone Converter Mac
HEVC/H.265 Converter for Mac
More
ImTOO Customer Privacy Policy
ImTOO's Customer Privacy Policy covers the collection, use, and disclosure of personal information that may be collected by ImTOO anytime you interact with ImTOO, such as when you visit our website, when you purchase ImTOO products and services, or when you contact our sales or support associates. Please take a moment to read the following to learn more about our information practices, including what type of information is gathered, how the information is used and for what purposes, to whom we disclose the information, and how we safeguard your personal information. Your privacy is a priority at ImTOO, and we go to great lengths to protect it.
Why we collect personal information
We collect your personal information because it helps us deliver a superior level of customer service. It enables us to give you convenient access to our products and services and focus on categories of greatest interest to you. In addition, your personal information helps us keep you posted on the latest product announcements, software updates, special offers, and events that you might like to hear about.
What information we collect and how we may use it
There are a number of situations in which your personal information may help us give you better products or service. For example:
We may ask for your personal information when you’re discussing a service issue on the phone with an associate, downloading a software update, registering for a seminar, participating in an online survey, registering your products, or purchasing a product.
When you interact with ImTOO, we may collect personal information relevant to the situation, such as your name, mailing address, phone number, email address, and contact preferences; your credit card information and information about the ImTOO products you own, such as their serial numbers and date of purchase; and information relating to a support or service issue.
We also collect information for market research purposes — such as your occupation and where you use your computer — to gain a better understanding of our customers and thus provide more valuable service.
We collect information regarding customer activities on our websites. This helps us to determine how best to provide useful information to customers and to understand which parts of our websites, products, and Internet services are of most interest to them.
We may use personal information to provide products that you have requested as well as for auditing, research, and analysis to improve ImTOO's products and service.
Publicly displayed information is public
If you use a bulletin board or chat room on ImTOO website you should be aware that any information you share is visible to other users. Personally identifiable information you submit to one of these forums can be read, collected, or used by other individuals to send you unsolicited messages. ImTOO is not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to submit in these forums. For example, if you choose to make information, which was previously non-public, available by enabling certain user features, ImTOO will collect that information from your interaction and the information will become publicly available.
When we disclose your information
ImTOO takes your privacy very seriously. ImTOO does not sell or rent your contact information to other marketers.
Within the ImTOO Software Studio
To help us provide superior service, your personal information may be shared with legal entities within the ImTOO group globally who will take steps to safeguard it in accordance with ImTOO's privacy policy.
With our service providers, vendors, and strategic partners
There are also times when it may be advantageous for ImTOO to make certain personal information about you available to companies that ImTOO has a strategic relationship with or that perform work for ImTOO to provide products and services to you on our behalf. These companies may help us process information, extend credit, fulfill customer orders, deliver products to you, manage and enhance customer data, provide customer service, assess your interest in our products and services, or conduct customer research or satisfaction surveys. These companies are also obligated to protect your personal information in accordance with ImTOO's policies, except if we inform you otherwise at the time of collection.
At times we may be required by law or litigation to disclose your personal information. We may also disclose information about you if we determine that for national security, law enforcement, or other issues of public importance, disclosure is necessary.
How we protect your personal information
ImTOO takes precautions — including administrative, technical, and physical measures — to safeguard your personal information against loss, theft, and misuse, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction.
ImTOO uses secure server hosted by Paypal, SWREG and other 3rd party credit card processors that encrypt all the customer's personal information including name, address, credit card number, credit card expiration date, etc. before it is sent to us. Encryption works to prevent any malicious use of your personal information.
You can help us by also taking precautions to protect your personal data when you are on the Internet. Change your passwords often using a combination of letters and numbers, and make sure you use a secure web browser like Safari.
Kids
ImTOO recognizes that parents, guardians, or other adults often purchase our products for family use, including use by minors. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 for marketing purposes, but because some information is collected electronically, it can appear to be the personal information of the ImTOO purchaser of the product, and will be treated as such by this privacy policy. If a child under 13 submits personal information to ImTOO and we learn that that personal information is the information of a child under 13, we will attempt to delete the information as soon as possible.
Cookies and other technologies
As is standard practice on many corporate websites, ImTOO's website uses "cookies" and other technologies to help us understand which parts of our websites are the most popular, where our visitors are going, and how much time they spend there. We also use cookies and other technologies to make sure that our online advertising is bringing customers to our products and services. We use cookies and other technologies to study traffic patterns on our website, to make it even more rewarding as well as to study the effectiveness of our customer communications. And we use cookies to customize your experience and provide greater convenience each time you interact with us.
As is true of most websites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information includes Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data.
We use this information, which does not identify individual users, to analyze trends, to administer the site, to track users’ movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. ImTOO will not use the information collected to market directly to that person.
Anti-malware statement
ImTOO STRONGLY OPPPOSES all forms of malware. ImTOO applications will never intentionally jeopardize our customers' privacy or security. All applications are designed to be easily removable from the computer through an uninstall utility. ImTOO does not employ the use of reinstallers and avoids all features that may be found in any type of malware. No ImTOO application is designed to collect any personally identifiable information from any user. ImTOO applications do not contain, nor are they bundled with, any third party applications (spyware, adware, malware, etc.) that would jeopardize our customers' security or their privacy. All ImTOO applications pass both Kaspersky and Rising vigorous anti-virus/malware tests before public release.
Our companywide commitment to your privacy
This policy covers the Intel Corporate website and is applicable worldwide. To make sure your personal information is secure, we communicate these guidelines to ImTOO employees and strictly enforce privacy safeguards within the company.
International users
ImTOO abides by the safe harbor framework set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information collected from the European Union. The following link provides more information about the U.S. Department of Commerce Safe Harbor Program.
ImTOO's website has links to the sites of other companies. ImTOO is not responsible for their privacy practices. We encourage you to learn about the privacy policies of those companies.
Last updated February 5, 2009
Home |
Resource | Privacy | Terms of Use | Affiliate | Site Map
Copyright © 2002-2020 ImTOO Software Studio. All rights reserved.