https://www.nyi.net/privacy_policy/
Call us: 800.288.7387
salesteam@nyi.net
Get a Quote
Login
NYI Privacy Policy
NYI Privacy Policy
Home
NYI Privacy Policy
When you access this Web site, some information such as the site that referred you to the NYI Web site, your IP address, and your browser type may be automatically collected as part of the operation of this Web site. We use this information in aggregate to help tailor our web resources to fit the needs of our users.
NYI does not share information with other companies other than its own associates, and does not sell its user information. Any personal information we collect may be used for such purposes as processing transactions, customer service, marketing, product and service development, dissemination of investor information, recruiting and facilitating subsequent use of this Web site. Unless you opt out of receiving promotional materials, we may from time to time notify you of special promotions, new products or services, or other information that may interest you. We explicitly reserve the right to disclose any such personal information if required to do so by law, or in the good faith belief that such action is reasonably necessary to comply with legal process, respond to claims, or protect the rights, property or safety of our company, employees, customers, or the public.
NYI reserves the right to change the terms of its privacy policy at any time. If we do change this privacy policy, we will post the changes on this Web site. We encourage you to review this privacy policy each time you visit our Web site to make sure you understand our current policy on collecting and using information collected through our Web site. If you have any inquiries or complaints you may contact us at info@nyi.net.
NYI is a trusted infrastructure partner to small and medium-sized enterprise clients across a range of industries. We drive infrastructure optimization through flexible integrated hybrid IT solutions and strategic partnerships that result in cost and performance efficiencies. Our experts offer insights and end-to-end support so that your teams can be freed to focus on innovation and growth.
Recent Tweets
RT @DECIX_US: Are you looking for greater connectivity to keep up with increased digital demands? @nyinternet partnership with @DECIX_US at…
-
1 day ago
RT @freebsdfndation: Join us for the next #FreeBSDFridays on December 11 at 10:00am PST/18:00 UTC. In this episode, Mariusz Zaborski walks…
-
1 day ago
NYI is leading the way in terms of reliability! Check out the November 2020 #Netcraft Top Ten results!… https://t.co/wnFZIqwy2S
-
7 days ago
Follow @nyinternet
Contact Us
New York City
100 William Street
New York, NY 10038
–
60 Hudson Street
New York, New York 10013
Chicago
800 Jorie Blvd.
Oak Brook, IL 60523
NYI Headquarters
T: 212.269.1999
T: 800.288.7387
Terms and Conditions
Service Level Agreement
Privacy Policy
Copyright 2020 New York Internet.
All rights reserved worldwide.
Solutions
Cloud Solutions
Colocation & Data Centers
Bare Metal
Network & Interconnection
Professional Services
Managed Services
Resources
News
Events
Blog
About NYI
The NYI Difference
Industries We Serve
Testimonials & Case Studies
Partner Program
Careers
Community
Compliance
Contact