http://www.enablingsimplicity.com/policies.htm
Skip to main content
FREE
BUY
Contact
Policies
Login
Home
About Us
Products
HyperBrowZe
About
Why
Demo
Policies
Buy
Up & Up
Why
Features
Demo
Policies
Buy
UltraTree
About
Why
Features
Demo
Policies
Buy
Services
Quick-Start
Customizing
Consulting
Web Hosting
Web Design
Product Sales and Distribution
Our software products are distributed only via download from this
Web site. Our products may be purchased through a few local distributors in
countries outside the US. However, all distribution is from this site
in those cases also. Any other distribution method is illegal. If
unsure, contact us.
This site provides the following online payment acceptance channels:
If you choose Paypal, you may pay with either your PayPal
balance, or a combination of your balance and a credit card,
depending on PayPal's policies.
If you choose CC as a payment option, your credit card
transaction will be processed entirely under Stripe control. Stripe accepts all major credit
cards and many local cards from a large number of countries world-wide.
In all transactions, Enabling Simplicity is the seller of the license or service.
Stripe and PayPal act solely as our agents for payment acceptance only.
We are a Delaware
corporation. Delaware has no sales tax. All orders via these
payment channels are tax free.
None of your financial information is seen handled by our web site at any
stage of a transaction. You are redirected to the selected agent, together with your shopping cart.
Enabling Simplicity receives notice of completed transactions from the agent.
Contact us if you require
a different payment method
If you are a new licensee, be prepared to wait a bit for access to the product.
All new licensee accounts are approved manually before providing access to the product.
Once an account is established, access to products becomes
instant upon completion of a transaction.
Return Policy
(Applies to all licensed software)
Satisfaction is guaranteed
If you are unsatisfed for any reason, please notify us within 30
days.  We will either solve your problem, or arrange a full refund
If you believe you will need more than 30 days to decide, let
us know and, within reasonable bounds, we will arrange an extension
Updates and Support
Updates and support policies vary by product line.
See individual product policies.
Privacy Policy
We respect your right to privacy. However, due to the nature of our products, none of our licensees are anonymous.
Purchase of a license or subscription is a contract between Enabling Simplicity and the
licensee or subscriber. As a condition of that contract we require
full disclosure of the person(s) and companies using
the licenses. During account signup, we ask only for the minimum information required
to administer our licensing policies.  This information is used
only for administrative purposes and never shared with any other
parties. All licensee information is collected on a secure (TLS) page.
Collection and processing of information
pertaining to all EU licensees is covered by:GDPR Article
6(1)(b):"processing is
necessary for the performance of a contract to which the data
subject is party or in order to take steps at the request of the
data subject prior to entering into a contract"
Other than direct email technical support,
our use of licensee representative names and email addresses is
limited to courtesy notifications of events such as subscription and
related grace period expirations. This policy applies to all licensees.
No financial information is collected by us at the time of sale, or at any other time.
Any financial required by a license or subscription purchase information is collected only by one of the sales channels shown above.
Each of our sales channels has their own respective privacy policy
Any email you exchange with us is retained on our mail server and
archived. We consider all content of these emails confidential between
us and you. We use industry standard mechanisms to guard against unauthorized
access to our server.
Our technical support is administered mainly by private Google Groups, augmented
by direct email exchange with us.
We accept only bona fide licensees (or their qualified employees) as
members of these support groups
We do not use or share any information exposed to us by Google
Each Google Group membership list is maintained only on Google and is
available only to our staff
Proprietary information should not be posted or emailed to the group. Anything
sent to the group will be public to members of the group. Use direct email if
proprietary information is involved.
Proprietary information shared with our support staff is kept completely confidential.
Anyone may join at any time
Anyone may discontinue their membership at any time (via Google
facilities)
Members may choose any of the following options for each of the
Google groups:
Read online (We provide a hyperlink in the Clarion 7 IDE help
menu)
menu)
Receive an email of each post
Receive periodic summary emails
Subscribe to a news feed
We make no use of the Google group member lists for any purpose
and do not share any of them with any other party for any reason.
No member has access to any of the member lists