http://www.epic.org/privacy/internet/Barriers_to_E-commerce.html
Public Comment on Barriers to
Electronic Commerce U.S. Department of Commerce -- Office
of the General Counsel; Laws or Regulations Posing Barriers to
Electronic Commerce   Submitted March 17, 2000   Sarah Andrews
Policy Analyst
andrews@epic.org Andrew Shen
Policy Analyst
shen@epic.org   Electronic Privacy Information Center (EPIC)
http://www.epic.org
Tel: (202) 544-9240
Fax: (202) 547-5482   Pursuant to the notice published by the United States Department
of Commerce, Office of the General Counsel on February 1, 2000, the
Electronic Privacy Information Center (EPIC), formally submits the
following comments. EPIC is a public interest research center located in Washington,
D.C. that has extensive expertise in privacy and cryptography, both
domestically and internationally. EPIC is also a member of the Trans Atlantic Consumer Dialogue, a
coalition of over 60 American and European consumer groups.   LEGAL BARRIERS TO ELECTRONIC COMMERCE EXECUTIVE SUMMARY For electronic commerce to reach its full potential, the United
States has a vital role to ensure that online consumers will feel
comfortable conducting business. To that end, the U.S. will in some
cases have to support new legal protections and in other cases to
remove existing burdensome regulations. In order to create a favorable legal environment for the growth of
the Internet, the United States should develop a strong federal
standard for online privacy protection. The development and
dissemination of cryptography -- necessary for secure online
communication -- should be widely encouraged. In addition, the U.S.
has a unique opportunity to establish high international consumer
protection standards that offer simple, predictable rules for
companies and individuals. The Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development's (OECD)
guidelines for privacy protection, cryptography policy, and consumer
protection in electronic commerce provide useful frameworks for the
development of U.S. policy that will promote consumer confidence and
reduce barriers to electronic commerce. [1]   PRIVACY PROTECTION Consumers are unsatisfied by the current level of
consumer privacy protection and support a strong legally enforceable
standard. American consumers currently have high levels of concern about
online privacy and a corresponding reluctance to shop online. EPIC
has found that such reluctance is justified. In "Surfer Beware 3:
Privacy Policies without Privacy Protection", EPIC documented that
none of the top 100 shopping sites provided necessary elements of
privacy protection in their privacy policies.[2]
Earlier surveys found companies similarly slow to respond to consumer
privacy concerns. In 1997, EPIC found that only 17 out of the 100
most popular sites had privacy policies and that none provided
adequate protection. [3] In 1998, EPIC surveyed
the practices of members of the Direct Marketing Association (DMA) --
a self-regulatory organization -- and found that of the forty
companies that had websites, only three of them had privacy policies
that complied with the DMA's own guidelines.[4]
The lack of consumer trust in the Internet is significant.
Industry newsletter Privacy & American Business found that
61% of U.S. Internet users have at some time refused to purchase a
product online because of privacy concerns.[5]
E-commerce industry analysts at Forrester Research have noted that
privacy is consistently the number one concern of online consumers
and estimate that in 1999 these concerns resulted in $2.8 billion in
lost sales.[6] To put this amount into
perspective, the 1999 holiday shopping season was declared a success
upon reaching $7 billion in total sales.[7] Public support for legally enforceable privacy protection is
clear. In a poll recently released by Business Week, Harris
Interactive found that 57% of those polled think that "the government
should pass laws now for how personal information can be collected
and used on the Internet" and that only 15% supported letting "groups
develop voluntary privacy standards, but not take action until real
problems arise."[8] Government officials close to the recent privacy controversies
have also found the current state of privacy protection lacking.
Robert Pitofsky, Chairman of the Federal Trade Commission, recently
stated, "Given the invasions of privacy that we have seen in the
early stages of development of online commerce -- some involving the
illegal collection of personal information from kids -- and the
constant concern by online participants about invasions of their
privacy, the do-nothing option does not seem
appealing."[9] The absence of legal enforceable privacy
protection threatens the expansion of American electronic commerce
into foreign markets. The European Union has adopted comprehensive and enforceable
guidelines for privacy protection online and offline that
appropriately protects the privacy interests of consumers. Since the
passage of the EU Data Protection Directive, the U.S. had been in
negotiations over a Safe Harbor -- essentially what needs to be added
to the current U.S. system -- that would satisfy the adequacy
requirement. Negotiations have continued for two and a half years and
no agreement has yet been reached. Without such an agreement, the
ability of U.S. companies to serve European customers is in doubt.
The passage of the European Union Data Protection Directive and
the lack of a comparable law in the United States threaten to curtail
a valuable market. A study by the Boston Consulting Group (BCG)
estimated that online European retail sales reached $3.6 billion in
1999.[10] Other trading partners such as Canada
are also in the process of passing comprehensive privacy legislation
that would include provisions for blocking data flow to countries
that do not offer adequate protection. The OECD Privacy Guidelines are the proper model
for U.S. online privacy protection. The OECD Guidelines offer a robust system of privacy protection
that apply to any sector and to any technology. They only dictate
what information should be collected and how it can be used -- but
they do not specify how a company should implement these privacy
protections. Due to the neutral way in which the guidelines discuss
specifics, it has stood the test of time. The Organization for
Economic Cooperation and Development's 1980 Privacy Guidelines were
developed more than a full decade before the existence of the World
Wide Web yet have been reaffirmed in the 1999 Consumer Protection
Guidelines for Electronic Commerce.   CRYPTOGRAPHY Freely available strong cryptography is necessary
to ensure the security of online communications. A vital factor in the success of electronic commerce will be the
free use and availability of strong cryptographic products.
Cryptography is used to conceal or verify the contents of electronic
documents and to protect files from unauthorized access, alteration
and theft. It is a critical, and presently the only reliable, way of
safeguarding the security of electronic information. Cryptography can
help citizens and businesses defend themselves against fraud,
electronic vandalism and the improper disclosure of confidential
information. Businesspeople rely on encryption to safeguard sensitive
business materials, such as client records, professional
communications or trade secrets. Consumers depend on encryption to
secure their personal and credit card details against theft or misuse
when transacting in the on-line world. If people cannot depend on the
confidentiality and authenticity of electronic information, they may
revert to more traditional methods of communication and effecting
business transactions. As such, the full potential of electronic
commerce may never be exploited. Attempts by law enforcement to limit the use and
dissemination of cryptography will adversely impact electronic
commerce. Due to the possibility of criminal use of encryption products, law
enforcement agencies have called for restrictions on unbreakable
encryption. The U.S. has traditionally been the leader in these calls
for restrictions among the Western world. The most recent initiative
in this regard is the Cyberspace Electronic Security Act of 1999
(CESA),[11] which was drafted by Department of
Justice officials and transmitted to Congress on September 16, 1999.
The expanded powers that the bill gives to law enforcement agencies
discourage the public's use of cryptographic products. The powers
which would be laid down in CESA for police seizure of keys are
questionable as contrary to the Fourth Amendment. Instead of
mandating 'probable cause' and contemporaneous notice for the issue
of a search warrant in accordance with the Constitutional
requirement, CESA bases issue of a search warrant upon obscure
requirements such as a finding that there is 'no constitutionally
protected expectation of privacy in such plaintext.' Notice must
only be given within 90 days of the disclosure and there is even
provision for the indefinite postponement of notice 'on the
government's ex parte showing of good cause.' Restrictions on the export of encryption products also exist and
continue to stifle the free use and availability of cryptography. The
current export rules place a maze of intricate and administrative
requirements in the way of the free export of encryption and in doing
so, inadvertently serve as domestic use restrictions. As software
companies are slow to produce different versions of the same product,
one for domestic use and one for export, imposing strict export
controls leaves U.S. citizens with access only to unacceptably weak
encryption products. Strong encryption should be routinely available
for all electronic communications and not simply electronic
commerce. Although encryption is widely available to consumer when they
engage in electronic transactions, there is still little use of
encryption by consumers for routine communications. Export controls
and proposals such as CESA continue to discourage the use of
encryption by individuals who send e-mail messages, business
documents and other private or proprietary information. These
controls need to be dropped and companies encouraged to provide the
public with greater access to programs that would automatically
encrypt all messages and files sent over the Internet. The OECD Guidelines are the proper model for U.S.
cryptography policy. In implementing a policy on cryptography, the U.S. should take
account of the OECD Guidelines for Cryptographic Policy which were
published in 1997. These Guidelines set out a generous framework for
encryption policies and stress the importance of the availability and
choice of strong encryption products. Most importantly, principle 5
of these Guidelines sets out that the fundamental right to privacy
should be respected in any national cryptography policy. By
disregarding traditional principles governing police searches,
seizures, and surveillance, the law enforcement powers proposed by
CESA are contrary to the OECD Guidelines and must, therefore, be
abandoned.   CONSUMER PROTECTION Consumer protections existing in the off-line
world should be applied to electronic transactions. The growth and profitability of electronic commerce will be
drastically reduced if consumer protection is not adequately
provided. Unless consumers are satisfied that traditional safeguards
which protect their rights in the off-line world will be translated
in the 21st century they may not be willing to take full advantage of
electronic commerce. If people feel that they are offered less
protection and are vulnerable to more abuses in the on line
environment they may be willing to sacrifice the advantages and ease
of on-line shopping for the security of the brick and mortar world.
As electronic commerce is essentially a global phenomenon,
international organizations have an interest in harmonizing the
development of national policies. In this key area, international
co-operation which focuses on strong technology, neutral and flexible
principles backed by secure and effective enforcement is the only way
of propelling e-commerce forward and safeguarding vital rights of
individuals. Many consumer groups support the development of international
consumer protection standards. For example, the Trans Atlantic
Consumer Dialogue presents the following in their statement,
"Consumer Protection in Electronic Commerce":
The EU and the U.S. should support the establishment of
minimum
standards in e-commerce, including the simplification of
contracts,
means for cancellation, effective complaint mechanisms, limits
on
consumer liability, non-enforceability of unreasonable
contract
provisions, recourse at least to the laws and courts of their
home
country, and cooperation among governments in support of legal
redress.
Such minimal standards should provide a functional equivalence to
current safeguards offering at least the same levels of protection
that would be
afforded in the off-line world.[12]
Support of the OECD Guidelines for Consumer
Protection in the Context of Electronic Commerce Regulation of this area in the U.S. should be governed by the
recent OCED Guidelines on Consumer Protection which were released in
1999. These Guidelines are predicated on the basis that consumers
should not be offered any less protection when participating in
electronic commerce than they are in other forms of commerce. The
main protections which the Guidelines propose include;
Fair Business, Advertising and Marketing Practices
Sufficient disclosure of relevant information
A clear and unambiguous confirmation process
Proper means of redress in the case of cross border disputes
and clarification of applicable jurisdiction.
A secure method of payment, minimizing the risk of financial
loss.
A reliable system of international Alternative Dispute
Resolution to provide a workable alternative to litigation, which
may be costly and disproportionate in the case of long distance
transactions
As a signatory to the OECD, the U.S. needs to implement these
principles into domestic law. Only then will the current standards of
protection that exist for consumers in the off-line world be
guaranteed in electronic commerce. These three areas of concern need to be addressed by the U.S. in
order to promote trust and confidence in electronic commerce and
remove any barriers to its full development. In doing so, the U.S.
should be influenced by the sound principles set out in the OECD
Guidelines. We believe that the U.S. needs not only to embrace these
principles but continue its co-operation with its international
partners to ensure their effective implementation in national and
international law.   Footnotes 1. These guidelines are available through the
OECD's Directorate of Science, Technology, and Industry at
http://www.oecd.org/dsti/sti/. 2. "Surfer Beware 3: Privacy Policies without
Privacy Protection' is available at
http://www.epic.org/reports/surfer-beware3.html. 3. "Surfer Beware: Personal Privacy and the
Internet" is available at
http://www.epic.org/reports/surfer-beware.html. 4. "Surfer Beware 2: Notice is Not Enough " is
available at http://www.epic.org/reports/surfer-beware2.html. 5. "The IBM-Harris Multi National Consumer
Privacy Survey," Privacy American Business, January 11, 2000. 6. "Trails of Personal Info Compromise Net
Shopper's Privacy," USA Today, December 20, 1999. 7. "Online Holiday Sales Hit $7 Billion,
Consumer Satisfaction Rising," Jupiter Communications Press Release,
January 13, 2000. 8. "Online Privacy: It's Time for Rules in
Wonderland", Business Week, March 20, 2000. 9. "Electronic Commerce and Beyond: Challenges
of the New DIgital Age", Remarks by Robert Pitofsky, Chairman,
Federal Trade Commission, the Woodrow Wilson Center: Sovereignty in
the Digital Age Series, February 10, 2000. Available at:
http://www.ftc.gov/speeches/pitofsky/rpwilson2.htm 10. "First America, then the world', The
Economist, February 26, 2000. 11. Available at
http://www.epic.org/crypto/legislation/cesa/bill_text.html. 12. Available at
http://www.tacd.org/papers/ecommerce/Ecom-3-99.rtf.