https://www.tntsoftware.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Home/Privacy Policy
Privacy PolicyFireMT Software2020-10-29T09:44:12-07:00
Your Privacy is Important
And your right to privacy is a concern to us. At Fire Mountain Software we are helping you maintain control over your personal data while fostering the growth of a more interactive environment. Below are the guidelines we use for protecting the information you provide during a visit to our Internet site (www.firemtsoftware.com).
Subscription and Registration
In a few areas on our website, we ask you to provide information that will enable us to enhance your site visit or follow-up with you after your visit. For most areas it is completely optional for you to participate. We request information from you when you:
Register on www.firemtsoftware.com to download a product, request pricing, a demonstration or technical support
Provide feedback in an online survey
Subscribe to a newsletter or a mailing list
In each of the instances above, we ask for your name, email address and other appropriate contact information that would be needed to register for or subscribe to these services or offers. In the case of newsletters or mailing lists, you will be able to “unsubscribe” to these mailings at any time. The information you provide will be kept confidential and will be used only to support your customer relationship with Fire Mountain Software. Information regarding you or your order and the products you purchase will not be disclosed or sold to any outside organization.
Internet Commerce
The online customer center at www.firemtsoftware.com is designed to give you control over the privacy of your name, address, email and any other information you provide us. We utilize SSL encryption to protect all sensitive information. If at any time you would like to make a purchase, but would rather give your credit card or purchase order information to a representative over the telephone, please call us at 360-546-0878.
When you provide your personal information such as name, address, phone number and company name, Fire Mountain Software will not give or sell this information to any outside company for any use. However, it has always been a Fire Mountain Software policy to contact customers in the event of a potential problem with your purchase or any normal business communication regarding your purchase.
The information you provide will be kept confidential and will be used only to support your customer relationship with Fire Mountain Software. Information regarding you or your order and the products you purchase will not be disclosed or sold to any outside organization.
In case of a data breach, our staff will immediately take all needed steps to ensure system integrity, will contact affected users and will attempt to reset passwords if needed.
Customized Experience
This site uses cookies – small text files that are placed on your machine to help the site provide a better user experience. In general, cookies are used to retain user preferences, store information for things like shopping carts, and provide anonymized tracking data to third party applications like Google Analytics. Our use of this technology does not mean that we automatically know any information about you. Cookies generally exist to make your browsing experience better. However, you may prefer to disable cookies on this site and on others. The most effective way to do this is to disable cookies in your browser. We suggest consulting the help section of your browser.
Fire Mountain Software has no desire or intent to infringe on your privacy while using the www.firemtsoftware.com site and we will never provide your personal information to anyone else. For more information about Fire Mountain Software’s privacy or information usage policies, contact us at support@firemtsoftware.com.
Google Analytics
This website uses Google Analytics as website analytics service, which is operated by Google Inc. (600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA).
In order to analyze your use of this website, Google Analytics uses cookies. For more information about cookies in general, please see the Customized Experience section of this Privacy Policy. The information generated by these cookies is usually sent to Google servers in the USA and is also stored there. We, the operator of this website, have a legitimate interest in analyzing user behavior to be able to optimize both, the user experience when surfing the website and also advertising on it. That means that the usage of Google Analytics cookies is in accordance with on Art. 6 (1) (f) of EU’s GDPR.
This website also uses the demographic features of Google Analytics, which allow obtaining reports about the average age, gender, and interests of the website visitors. The data is constructed from interest-based advertising from Google and third-party visitor data and cannot be attributed to any specific individual person. This feature is not specific to this website and can thus be disabled on your individual Google account, or by opting out of Google Analytics tracking on this site, as explained below.
For more information about how Google Analytics handles user data, see Google’s privacy policy.
Release of Data for Legal Purposes
For legal purposes, at times it may become necessary for Fire Mountain Software to release your information in response to a request from a government agency or a private litigant. You agree that we may disclose your information to a third party where we believe, in good faith, that it is desirable to do so for the purposes of a civil action, criminal investigation, or other legal matter. In the event that we receive a subpoena affecting your privacy, we may elect to notify you to give you an opportunity to file a motion to quash the subpoena, or we may attempt to quash it ourselves, but we are not obligated to do either. We may also proactively report you, and release your information to, third parties where we believe that it is prudent to do so for legal reasons, such as our belief that you have engaged in fraudulent activities. You release us from any damages that may arise from or relate to the release of your information to a request from law enforcement agencies or private litigants.
Any passing on of personal data for legal purposes will only be done in compliance with laws of the country you reside in.
Amendments
From time to time we may amend this Privacy Policy and update this page accordingly.  You may be prompted to accept the amendments in order to continue using our services.
Last Updated October 29, 2020
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.OkNot Ok Cookies??Privacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
Go to Top