https://www.pair.com/why-pair/hosting-policies/resource-usage/
Skip to content
Resource Usage
Users may not, through a cron job, CGI script, interactive commands, or any other means, take the following actions on pair Networks servers:Run any process that requires more than 384MB of memory space.Run any program that requires more than 60 CPU seconds to complete.Run any program that “fork bombs” or otherwise uses child processes in a manner that disrupts performance of the server, or in order to attempt to circumvent resource restrictions.Use the find command, or any similar tool which recursively explores directory structures, anywhere except in their own directories.Send out mail to more than 25 addresses in one batch, whether sequentially or in parallel. Such batches must “sleep” for at least three seconds between each delivery attempt. Please consider using our pairList service for such mailings.Send e-mail to more than 5 recipients by way of a Web-based script. (E-mail sent by any script may be monitored and or quarantined for analysis, in order to prevent Junk E-Mail origination or propagation through our servers.)Run their own mailing list software, whether custom or packaged. More InformationThese policies exist to protect the availability of resources shared among customers. Exceptions may apply to Virtual Private Servers and dedicated servers.If we find that you are performing bulk mail delivery, regardless of whether it is Spam or not, we may choose to deactivate your account and investigate.
Move to Pair
World Class 24×7 Support: 1.877.724.7638
MY ACCOUNT
ACC Login
Webmail Login
Submit a Payment SIGN UP
Move to Pair
Current Special Offers
Contact a Sales  Representative POLICIES & TERMS
Service Contracts
Usage Policies
Abuse Policies
WP Prohibited Activites
Data Privacy Statement Social
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Instagram
Insider Newsletter
Crowdcast Webinars
Copyright © 2020 Pair Networks, Inc. All rights reserved.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt out if you wish.ACCEPTREJECTRead MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close Privacy OverviewThis website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non Necessary
non-necessaryAny cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website. Save & Accept