http://www.ipipi.com/DisplayContent.do?page=termsOfService
Welcome to ipipi.com - Place where Friends Text Friends -
Globally
TEXT MESSAGING SERVICE
ipipi.com (ipipi, the Service) is provided by Upside
Wireless Inc.
ACCEPTANCE
When you sign up with our Service, you
automatically confirm that you accept all terms in this
agreement. You can sign up with ipipi irrespective of
where you live in the world and your age. Please observe
however, that underage persons sometimes need consent
from parents. You always act as a private person and
only represent yourself.
DESCRIPTION OF SERVICE
ipipi supplies you with a set of services that allow you
to send and receive text messages to and from
any network in the world. This is NOT A FREE
SERVICE. All SMS messages (one SMS = one credit,
one SMS=160 characters ASCII or 70 characters UNICODE,
incoming or outgoing) require one credit in order to be
processed. When you create a new account we will credit it
with a few free SMS credits so that you can evaluate our
service. Please note that these free evaluation credits are
available to most, but NOT
all networks.
MESSAGE TYPE DEFINITION
MO - Mobile Originated - messages that originate from a mobile phone and arrive to your account
MT - Mobile Terminated - messages that originate from your account as sent or forwarded and arrive to a mobile phone
USAGE
We offer ipipi.com so that friends can connect and
communicate with friends, globally. The service cannot be used to message short codes. The service must not be
used for unlawful, inappropriate or criminal purposes. You
cannot use ipipi service in a way that disturbs other users
or intrudes on other persons or on their property. You are
responsible for ensuring that the information you provide
using our services is legal and in accordance with normal
morals and the general ethics which apply on the Internet.
Consequently, you are not allowed to: encourage a crime or
assist anyone who encourages a crime in any way, make or
distribute statements which discriminate or emphasize
anyone's race, skin colour, sex, religion, ethnic origin or
sexual orientation, distribute pornographic pictures or
pictures which portray gross violence, force or brutality,
make or distribute statements which are offensive or
insulting. You cannot use ipipi account to send any BULK, mass, marketing,
promotional or advertising messages. You will, at all times, respect and abide the laws of Canada, country from which you are sending messages and country to which you are sending messages.
If you do any of the following described
activities:
our account will be deleted without
warning
Should your violations of our terms of
use become a legal matter, your information will be
shared with legal authorities in accordance with our
Privacy Policy.
REGISTRATION
When you register, we may ask you to state your address,
country of residence, your email address and phone number.
If you chose to register you consequently agree to that
your name and other information you have provided will
be stored and processed in the ipipi database.
SUBSCRIPTION ACCOUNTS
Subscription accounts enable account holders to send and
receive SMS messages at preferential terms. The payment
for a subscription is executed monthly on the day the
subscriber first joined the program. While you maintain your monthly subscription any unused credits roll-over to the next month.
Subscriptions can be
cancelled under the following terms:
Subscription privileges stop at the time of
cancellation
No refunds for subscriptions will be issued under
any circumstances
All accumulated credits expire.
To cancel your subscription, please login to your account
and click on the Contact Us link. Then request that the
subscription be cancelled.
DELIVERY
The international SMS network is built on the "best
effort" principle. This means that delivery of messages
cannot be guaranteed. Over 12
years in business we have over 99% successful delivery
rate where over 90% of messages are delivered within few
minutes (often seconds). We cannot, however,
guarantee delivery of messages and we do not refund
credits for unsuccessful messages.
QUALITY OF DATA
The information that you state to us when you register
must be updated, correct and complete. Please note that
accounts with invalid information (for example e-mail
account, name or country) may be deleted as our sole
discretion, together with all associated information. It is
your responsibility to make sure that your information is
up-to-date.
INTEROPERABILITY
The ability to send and receive SMS messages is subject
to subscriber contracts, roaming agreements and billing
configuration. Due to the nature of the global SMS
network the roaming and interoperability status, as well
as our ability to deliver your messages to or from any
network may change without notice.
CONTENT OF MESSAGES
Content you send using our service must be suitable for
anyone. No promotional or content that can be considered
offensive can be sent. Non-compliance will result in account
termination.
SPAM
Upside Wireless Inc. will immediately terminate
and delete your ipipi account if it believes that the
account is being used for SPAM or unsolicited bulk
messaging.  Upside is bound to deliver a valued service
and will
NOT
TOLERATE SPAM (sending of unsolicited
message) of SMS, MMS, EMS or email messages and/or ANY
other kind of messages. You, or users of your sub
accounts, are NOT permitted to send
SPAM. If you do send mass SMS, MMS, EMS or email
messages using your ipipi.com account you MUST comply
with the CAN-SPAM, anti-spam legislation laid down by
European Union (7(1) of Directive 2000/31/EC, by
Articles 6 and 7) or any other anti spam legislation in
other jurisdictions. Failure to do so will result in
immediate and irrevocable termination of your account.
Upside's refund policy for accounts that are suspected
of SPAMMING is VOID and NO refunds will be issued.
Please note that neither unsolicited messages nor any
other messages that are in breach of US or international
laws may be sent via the Service and that any
consequences arising from the breach of US or
international laws will be born by you. Upside Wireless
Inc. (the operator of ipipi.com service) does not assume
any responsibility for the content of the messages you
send via its platform.
We hereby underline your responsibility:
The client undertakes that it will not knowingly
use the ipipi.com service for any illegal, immoral or
improper purpose or in any manner which contravenes the
law or regulatory requirements of the appropriate
jurisdiction or knowingly in any way which is indecent
or offensive or in any way that could be considered as
Spamming, and undertakes not to allow any third party to
do so. The client explicitly confirms that for each
SMS-MT it sends to Mobile Subscribers via the ipipi.com
service/platform, the client has the prior consent of
the recipient of each message before the message is
sent.
Since penalties can be drastic, it is in your best
interest to closely obey all laws and regulations.
USE OF BOTS OR SCRIPTS TO ACCESS ACCOUNT
IS NOT ALLOWED. If we dermine that at any point, a bot, script or any other automated method was used to access your account, the account will be found non-compliant and will be permanently deleted.
QUALITY OF
SERVICE
You use your account and information from the Internet
entirely at your own risk. Upside Wireless Inc. does not
take responsibility for: (a) that the service will be
without faults or delays, (b) any effects on your life
when you use your account or download anything from the
Internet or (c) for goods, services or transactions
using your account.
REFUND POLICY
For our customers with pre-paid accounts we offer a
"15-day-no-question-asked" refund policy. Please
note that setup fees, expired or used SMS credits CANNOT
be refunded. Also, credits purchased through any of the
monthly subscription accounts are non-refundable.
All refunds are issued through PayPal.
SMS CREDITS
EXPIRATION
Credits expire after 365 days. If you purchase credits before the expiration date all remaining credits will roll-over and remain in your account.
DORMANT ACCOUNTS
An account becomes dormant after 6 months of last login. Messages in dormant accounts may be deleted without notice. To comply with European GDRP requirements, we will delete all accounts dormant for over 24 months.
USE OF THE
REMEMBER ME OPTION
THIS IS GENERALLY NOT A SECURE PRACTICE and we suggest
you use it ONLY on your personal computer and ONLY if
you are THE ONLY person with access to your computer.
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES use this option if you are using
a computer from an Internet Cafe, a Library or any other
public place. Under NO circumstances will Upside be
liable for any loss of credits arising from your use of
this option.
EQUIPMENT
You must have access to the necessary equipment to use
the Internet. You must have access to the Internet and
you must pay all costs pertaining to such access.
SERVICE CHARGES
When you or your friends interact with our service using
a mobile phone or computer there may be additional,
standard carrier charges as per the service provider's
contract (for example, Internet data fees, outgoing SMS
fees, mobile data fees and/or other fees). We are not
responsible for any additional fees that you or your
friends may be charged.
SYSTEM
MAINTENANCE
Upside Wireless Inc. maintains computer equipment and
software to ensure the highest level of service. Our
scheduled database backup and system upgrade is between
5 and 5:10 PM (GMT-8). It is possible that some or all
functions will not be available at this time.
PRIVACY
Your correspondence is your own private property. Upside
Wireless Inc. takes no responsibility whatsoever for the
content in the correspondence of its members. Nor does
it take any responsibility whatsoever for activities
that may take place as a consequence of communication
via the ipipi site. ipipi will not change, destroy or
forward the contents of your correspondence, unless
entitled to do so by this agreement or forced to do so
by law, regulation or any extraordinary circumstance.
Please read more on our
privacy policy here.
INTEGRITY
You are responsible for your account and your password.
Upside Wireless Inc. will not be responsible nor liable
for any loss you may have that results from an
unauthorized access to your account. You should
therefore protect your account name (username) and
password to anyone else including Upside Wireless Inc.
staff members. We strongly recommend that you change
your password periodically and that you use non-trivial
passwords that contain at least 8 characters including
digits, special characters and letters in lower and
upper case. You are not allowed to give others access to
your account and you cannot send messages on other
people's behalf. Such activities are in violation of
this Terms of Service and will result in account
suspension.
CLOSURE OF
SERVICE
Upside Wireless Inc. may at any time close your account
or clean its content if: (a) you supply misleading
information at the time of registration, (b) you do not
use (access) your account within a time span of 24 months,
if (c) you do not follow the terms stated in this
agreement, (d) the use of your account contravenes the
law or the conditions in this agreement, (e) there is
reasonable suspicion that a crime has been committed,
(f) if you do not maintain a valid e-mail address or (g)
if there is a suspicion that you used your account to
send SPAM. Upside Wireless Inc. may also limit some of
the functionality available to you if you do not logon
to your account for more than 15 days. Upside Wireless
Inc. also retains the right to close the service at any
time, temporarily or permanently, in case of force
majeure, bankruptcy, liquidation or for any other
reason.
WARRANTY,
RESPONSIBILITY FOR FAULTS, ETC.
The services are provided on an -as is- basis with no
warranty implied or explicit.
INDEMNIFICATION
You agree to indemnify and hold Upside Wireless Inc.,
its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, officers and
employees, harmless for any claim, demand, or damage,
asserted by any third party due to or arising out of
your use of or conduct on the system. The Service is
provided without any guarantees explicit or implied.
Upside Wireless Inc. is not responsible for direct,
indirect or other damage suffered by the User or a third
party as a result of using the Service, faults in the
Service or interruption to or termination of the
Service. Upside Wireless Inc. is also not responsible in
any way for the content or the delivery of the messages
which the User has sent or received via the Services.
COPYRIGHT
This web site, the web site technology and all content
from time to time displayed on the web site (the Web
site) are the property of Upside Wireless Inc., Canada.
The Web site is protected by Canadian and international
law and conventions for the protection of industrial and
intellectual property rights. You may not, without
expressed permission from Upside Wireless Inc., copy or
to the public display the Web site or the Web site in
part or parts. You also may not mirror the Web site on
your home page. Your use of the Web site does not create
a license or any other rights in Upside Wireless Inc.'s
trademarks, services, copyrights, or any other
intellectual property or proprietary rights.
DISAGREEMENTS
This agreement shall be governed by and construed in
accordance with laws of province of British Columbia. In
case of a dispute, you agree to submit yourself to the
jurisdiction of courts of British Columbia.
CHANGES IN THIS
AGREEMENT
Upside Wireless Inc. reserves the right to alter the
terms of this agreement. The right to use the services
is subject to your approval of the membership terms
applicable from time to time. It is therefore in your
interest to keep yourself updated on the membership
terms. By continuing to use this service, you accept the
new wording of the membership terms.
Coverage / Login / Privacy / Terms / Help
© 2001-2017 Upside Wireless Inc. All rights reserved