https://www.deepblue.com/privacy-policy/
Toggle navigation
About
Services
Work
Testimonials
Blog
Contact
About
Services
Work
Testimonials
Blog
Contact
Privacy Policy
Legal Statement
D E E P B L U E Digital LLC. comprehends that your security is critical to you. We are focused on securing the protection of your actually recognizable data as you utilize this site. This Privacy Policy discloses to you how we secure and use data that we assemble from you. By utilizing this site, you agree to the terms portrayed in the latest rendition of this Privacy Policy. You should likewise peruse our Terms of Use to comprehend the general standards about your utilization of this site, and any extra terms that may apply when you get to specific administrations or materials on specific territories of this site. “We,” “our” signifies D E E P B L U E Digital, LLC and its offshoots. “You,” “your,” guest,” or “client” signifies the individual getting to this site.
INDIVIDUAL AND NON-PERSONAL INFORMATION
Our Privacy Policy recognizes how we treat your own and non-individual data.
WHAT IS NON-PERSONAL INFORMATION AND HOW IS IT COLLECTED AND USED?
Non individual data is data that can’t distinguish you. In the event that you visit this site to understand data, for example, data around one of our administrations, we may gather certain non-individual data about you from your PC’s internet browser. Since non-individual data can’t distinguish you or be attached to you in any capacity, there are no limitations on the manners in which that we can utilize or share non-individual data. What is close to home data and how is it gathered? Individual data is data that distinguishes you as an individual, for example, your name, postage information, email address, phone number, and fax number. We may gather individual data from you in an assortment of ways: • When you send us an application or other structure • When you lead an exchange with us, our associates, or others • When we gather data about in you on the side of an exchange, for example, Visa data • In certain spots on this site you have the chance to send us individual data about yourself, to choose to get specific data, to buy access to one of our items or administrations, or to take an interest in an action.
ARE COOKIES OR OTHER TECHNOLOGIES USED TO COLLECT PERSONAL INFORMATION?
Indeed, we may utilize treats and related innovations, for example, web signals, to gather data on our site. A treat is a book record that is put on your hard circle by a page server. Treats can’t be utilized to run programs or convey infections to your PC. Treats are remarkably doled out to you, and must be perused by a web server in the area that gave the treat to you. One of the basic roles of treats is to give a comfort highlight to spare you time. The reason for a treat is to tell the Web server that you have come back to a particular page. For instance, in the event that you register with us, a treat helps D E E P L U E Digital LLC to review your particular data on ensuing visits. This streamlines the way toward recording your own data, for example, charging addresses, transporting addresses, etc. At the point when you come back to a similar D E E P L U E Digital LLC site, the data you recently gave can be recovered, so you can undoubtedly utilize the highlights that you redid. A web reference point is a little realistic picture that permits the gathering that set the web guide to screen and gather certain data about the watcher of the website page, electronic archive or email message, for example, the kind of program mentioning the web signal, the IP address of the PC that the web guide is sent to and the time the web reference point was seen. Web reference points can be little and undetectable to the client, be that as it may, by and large, any electronic picture saw as a major aspect of a page or email, including HTML based substance, can go about as a web guide. We may utilize web reference points to check guests to the website pages on the site or to screen how our clients explore the site, and we may incorporate web guides in email messages so as to tally what number of messages sent were really opened, followed up on or sent.
Outsider merchants additionally may utilize treats on our site. For example, we may contract with outsiders who will utilize treats on our site to follow and dissect mysterious utilization and volume factual data from our guests and individuals. Such data is shared remotely just on a mysterious, collected premise. These outsiders utilize relentless treats to assist us with improving the guest experience, to deal with our site content, and to follow guest conduct. We may likewise contract with an outsider to send email to our enrolled clients.
To help quantify and improve the viability of our email correspondences, the outsider sets treats. All information gathered by this outsider for the benefit of D E E P L U E Digital LLC is utilized exclusively by or in the interest of D E E P L U E Digital LLC and is shared remotely just on a mysterious, amassed premise. Occasionally we may permit outsiders to post promotions on our site, and those outsider commercials may incorporate a treat or web reference point served by the outsider. This Privacy Policy doesn’t cover the utilization of data gathered from you by outsider promotion servers. We don’t control treats in such outsider promotions, and you should check the protection approaches of those sponsors as well as advertisement administrations to find out about their utilization of treats and other innovation before connecting to a promotion. We won’t share your own data with these organizations, however these organizations may utilize data about your visits to this and other sites so as to give ads on this site and different locales about products and enterprises that might hold any importance with you, and they may share your own data that you give to them others.
You can acknowledge or decrease treats. Most Web programs naturally acknowledge treats, yet you can typically adjust your program setting to decay treats on the off chance that you like. On the off chance that you decide to decrease treats, you will most likely be unable to completely encounter the intelligent highlights of the D E E P L U E Digital LLC sites you visit.
HOW DOES D E E P L U E DIGITAL LLC USE PERSONAL INFORMATION?
D E E P L U E Digital LLC may keep and utilize individual data we gather from or about you to furnish you with access to this site or different items or administrations, to react to your solicitations, to charge you for items/administrations you bought, and to offer progressing assistance and backing, to get in touch with you with data that may bear some significance with you, including data about items and administrations of our own and of others, or request your supposition about our items or the results of others, for record keeping and systematic purposes and to explore, create and improve programs, items, administrations and substance.
Individual data gathered online might be joined with data you give to us through different sources We may likewise expel your own identifiers (your name, email address, government disability number, and so forth). For this situation, you would never again be recognized as a solitary novel person. When we have de-distinguished data, it is non-individual data and we may treat it like other non-individual data. At long last, we may utilize your own data to secure our privileges or property, or to ensure somebody’s wellbeing, wellbeing or government assistance, and to consent to a law or guideline, court request or other lawful procedure.
DOES D E E P L U E DIGITAL LLC SHARE PERSONAL INFORMATION WITH OTHERS?
We won’t share your own data gathered from this site with a disconnected outsider without your consent, aside from as in any case gave in this Privacy Policy. In the common course of business, we may impart some close to home data to organizations that we recruit to perform administrations or capacities for our benefit. In all cases where we share your own data with an outsider to offer an assistance to us, we won’t approve them to keep, reveal or utilize your data with others aside from the reason for offering the types of assistance we requested that they give.
We won’t sell, trade or distribute your own data, aside from related to a corporate deal, merger, disintegration, or securing. For such exchanges, notwithstanding our immediate assortment of data, our outsider help merchants, (for example, Mastercard organizations, clearinghouses and banks) who may offer such types of assistance as credit, protection, and escrow administrations may gather individual data legitimately from you to help you with your exchange. We don’t control how these outsiders utilize such data, yet we do request that they unveil how they utilize your own data before they gather it.
On the off chance that you present an audit for an outsider (individual or business) utilizing our Facebook Fan Review Application, during the accommodation procedure we request that your consent assemble your fundamental data, (for example, name and email address) which we at that point share with the outsider for whom you are presenting the survey. We might be legitimately constrained to discharge your own data because of a court request, summon, court order, law or guideline.
We may help out law implementation experts in researching and indicting site guests who disregard our principles or participate in conduct, which is unsafe to different guests (or illicit). We may uncover your own data to outsiders in the event that we feel that the exposure is important to ensure our privileges or property, secure somebody’s wellbeing, wellbeing or government assistance, or to agree to a law or guideline, court request or other lawful procedure. As talked about in the segment on treats and different innovations, every once in a while we may permit an outsider to serve notices on this site.
In the event that you share data with the promoter, including by tapping on their promotions, this Privacy Policy doesn’t control the sponsors utilization of your own data, and you s
HOW IS PERSONAL INFORMATION SECURED?
We have implemented generally accepted standards of technology and operational security in order to protect personally-identifiable information from loss, misuse, alteration, or destruction. Only authorized personnel and third party vendors have access to your personal information, and these employees and vendors are required to treat this information as confidential. Despite these precautions, we cannot guarantee that unauthorized persons will not obtain access to your personal information.
LINKS
This site contains links to other sites that provide information that we consider to be interesting. D E E P L U E Digital LLC is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such web sites.
PUBLIC DISCUSSIONS
This site may provide public discussions on various business valuation topics. Please note that any information you post in these discussions will become public, so please do not post sensitive information in the public discussions. Whenever you publicly disclose information online, that information could be collected and used by others. We are not responsible for any action or policies of any third parties who collect information that users disclose in any such forums on the web site. D E E P L U E Digital LLC does not agree or disagree with anything posted on the discussion board. Also remember that you must comply with our other published policies regarding postings on our public forums.
HOW CAN A USER ACCESS, CHANGE, AND/OR DELETE PERSONAL INFORMATION?
You may access, correct, update, and/or delete any personally-identifiable information that you submit to the web site. You may also unsubscribe from mailing lists or any registrations on the web site. To do so, please either follow instructions on the page of the web site on which you have provided such information or subscribed or registered or contact us at support@deepblue.com.
CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
D E E P L U E Digital LLC will not intentionally collect any personal information (such as a child’s name or email address) from children under the age of 13. If you think that we have collected personal information from a child under the age of 13, please contact us.
CHANGES
D E E P L U E Digital LLC reserves the right to modify this statement at any time. Any changes to this Privacy Policy will be listed in this section, and if such changes are material, a notice will be included on the homepage of the web site for a period of time. If you have any questions about privacy at any websites operated by D E E P L U E Digital LLC or about our website practices, please contact us at: support@deepblue.com
We would love to hear about your project. Let’s talk.
contact
San Francisco388 Market StSuite 1300
San Francisco, CA 94111(415) 228-6861
Atlanta1201 W Peachtree St NW Suite 2300Atlanta, GA 30309(404) 860-1555
info
Home
About
Services
Work
Testimonials
Blog
Accessibility Statement
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
social