http://www.timesys.com/cookie-policy/
Login   |
1.866.392.4897
|
sales@timesys.com
Timesys Cookie Policy
May 24, 2018
This Cookie Policy explains how the Timesys Corporation (“Timesys”) websites use cookies and similar technologies to recognize you when you visit our sites. It explains what these technologies are and why we use them, as well as your rights to control our use of them.
By using a Timesys website, you understand that we may automatically collect and store information about your visit to our Timesys websites, through using browser cookies or similar devices. By continuing to use our Timesys websites, you consent to our use of cookies in the manner and for the purposes set out below.
What is a Cookie?
A cookie is a small data file that is placed on your device when you visit a website. Cookies are widely used in order to make websites work or to work more efficiently, as well as to provide reporting information. A cookie may have unique identifiers and reside, among other places, on your device, in emails we send to you, and on the Website.
Cookies set by Timesys are called “first-party cookies.” Cookies set by parties other than Timesys are called “third-party cookies.” Third-party cookies enable features or functionality provided by third parties in connection with the website, for example, interactive content and analytics. The parties that set these third-party cookies can recognize your device when it visits the Timesys websites.
From time to time, we may use other technologies similar to cookies like web beacons, which are sometimes called “tracking pixels” or “clear gifs”. These are tiny graphics files that contain a unique identifier that enable us to recognize when someone has visited our websites or opened an email that we have sent them or have come to us from content placed or a third-party website, to improve website performace, and to measure the success of email marketing campaigns. In many instances, these technologies are reliant on cookies to function properly, and so declining cookies will impair their functioning.
Our websites may also use so-called “Flash Cookies” (also known as Local Shared Objects or “LSOs”) to, among other things, collect and store information about your use of our services, fraud prevention and for other website operations.
What types of cookies do Timesys websites use?
The Timesys websites uses first- and third-party cookies for several reasons. The types of cookies that we use and our reasons for using them are:
Essential Cookies.
Some cookies are required for accessing certain Timesys websites, accessing their features, and for providing services that you have asked for. For example:
Login setting — These cookies are set to maintain aspects of your login session. They are used to authenticate you as a user and remember the last time that you visited the website.
Cookies for Features and Services.
These cookies provide a better experience on our platform. For example:
Transient/session — These cookies are used to remember information while browsing from one page to another (for example, when entering data into forms) as well as saving temporary build data for LinuxLink web builds.
Olark cookies — These are chat session cookies, provided by Olark. Olark uses cookies believed to be in compliance with the “only necessary” aspect of setting cookies outlined in the EU rules for Internet privacy.
The information generated by the cookie is used to remember you as a visitor to our site between visits, keep track of a single chat session and maintain chat state across pages, recognize the state of the chat (chat box open/closed), the most recent Olark site ID (security measure), improve caching and determining if assets have changed and need to be refreshed, and to test whether your browser allows cookies to be stored.
These are third-party cookies.
Cookies for Analytics.
The cookies collect information about how you use our websites. The information is gathered to help us improve how our websites are being used and to help us understand what content is of interest to you. For example:
Google Analytics cookies — These are web analytics cookies, provided by Google Inc., that are used to collect information about how visitors use Timesys websites. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the site. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, where visitors have come to the site from, and the pages they visited.
The information generated by the cookie about your use of a Timesys website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage.
Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on behalf of Google. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.
By using a Timesys website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
These are third party cookies.
Act-On cookies — These are web cookies that are used to collect information about how known visitors use Timesys websites. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the site and enable us to determine which content is relevant to our visitors. The cookies collect information about know visitors, including the number of visits to the site, where visitors have come to the site from, and the pages they visited.
In addition, these web cookies are used to help us to send you relevant emails about Timesys products, services, training and resources that you’ve shown an interest in. And they are used to collect information about how you interact with our emails.
The information generated by the cookie about your use of a Timesys website and interaction with our emails
(including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Act-On on servers in the United States.
By using a Timesys website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Act-On in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
How can I control cookies and similar technologies?
You can amend or “opt out” of the collection of any information through cookies or other tracking technology by actively managing the settings on your browser or mobile device.  To do so, refer to your browser manufacturer’s instructions by selecting “Help” in your browser menu. Information on deleting or controlling browser cookies is available at http://www.AboutCookies.org. LSOs are used by the authors of files that are read by Adobe Flash Player and the websites hosting those files. To control or prevent LSOs being stored on your browser, refer to the Adobe website at http://www.adobe.com/privacy/flash-player.html.
Third party cookies cannot be controlled by changing any Timesys website settings, and if you have javascript disabled, you may not be able to change any Timesys website settings. Please change cookie settings using your browser settings instead.
If you do not want Flash Cookies stored on your computer, you can adjust the settings of your Flash player to block Flash Cookies storage using the tools contained in the Website Storage Settings Panel. You can also control Flash Cookies by going to the Global Storage Settings Panel and following the instructions (which may include instructions that explain, for example, how to delete existing Flash Cookies (referred to “information” on the Macromedia website), how to prevent Flash LSOs from being placed on your computer without your being asked, and (for Flash Player 8 and later) how to block Flash Cookies that are not being delivered by the operator of the page you are on at the time). Please note that setting the Flash Player to restrict or limit acceptance of Flash Cookies may reduce or impede the functionality of some Flash applications, including, potentially, Flash applications used in connection with our services or online content.
Please note that if you disable cookies entirely you may not be able to use certain areas or features of the Timesys websites.
Cookies set by third parties
Third parties may also use cookies over which we have no control. These cookies are likely to be performance cookies. Third party cookies used on Timesys websites include those set by Google and Act-On.
How often will you update this Cookie Policy?
We may update this Cookie Policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to the cookies we use or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons. You should check this page from time to time to review any changes we have made.
Where can I find more information about cookies?
If you have any questions about our use of cookies or other technologies, please email us at legal@timesys.com.
Useful information about cookies can be found at http://www.allaboutcookies.org
A guide to behavioral advertising and online privacy has been produced by the internet advertising industry which can be found at http://www.youronlinechoices.eu
Information on the ICC (UK) UK cookie guide can be found on the ICC website section http://www.international-chamber.co.uk/our-expertise/digitaleconomy
More information about analytics
Our Website uses Google Analytics, a web analysis service from Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA (“Google”). Google Analytics uses cookies – text files that are stored on your device and make it possible to analyze how you utilize the site. The information generated by the cookie (including the IP address) is transferred and stored on a Google server located in the United States.
Google uses the information on our behalf to evaluate how the site is used, create reports about the activities on the site for the site operators, and to perform additional services regarding website and internet utilization.
Further you can prevent the collection and processing of cookie created data relating to your utilization of the website (including your IP) via Google by downloading and installing the browser-plugin available under the following link (https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en).
You can refuse the use of Google Analytics by clicking on the following link. An opt-out cookie will be set on the device, which prevents the future collection of your data when visiting this website.
Disable Google Analytics
Further information concerning the terms and conditions of use and data privacy can be found at http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/gb.html or at https://www.google.de/intl/en_uk/policies/.
This website uses cookies to understand how you use our site and to improve your experience. By continuing to use our site, you accept our use of cookies, Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. To avoid the collection of cookie-based information, you can visit this site with cookies turned off in your browser.  OKRead More