http://www.techpartswarehouse.com/content/privacy-policy-1003.cfm
Order online 24x7
TechPartsWarehouse - TechPartsWarehouse Privacy Policy
VIEW CART
CUSTOMER SUPPORT
MY ACCOUNT
CONTACT US
HOME
Follow @techpartswhse
AppleAcerHPDellIBMXeroxKyoceraLexmark
CHECKOUT
0 Item(s) In Cart Total: $0.00
Search Site
Privacy Policy
Your Path :
Home
> Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting our web site. This privacy policy tells you how we use personal information collected at this site. Please read this privacy policy before using the site or submitting any personal information. By using the site, you are accepting the practices described in this privacy policy. These practices may be changed, but any changes will be posted and changes will only apply to activities and information on a going forward, not retroactive basis. You are encouraged to review the privacy policy whenever you visit the site to make sure that you understand how any personal information you provide will be used.
Note: the privacy practices set forth in this privacy policy are for this web site only. If you link to other web sites, please review the privacy policies posted at those sites.
Collection of Information
We collect personally identifiable information, like names, postal addresses, email addresses, etc., when voluntarily submitted by our visitors. The information you provide is used to fulfill you specific request. This information is only used to fulfill your specific request, unless you give us permission to use it in another manner, for example to add you to one of our mailing lists.
Cookie/Tracking Technology?
The Site may use cookie and tracking technology depending on the features offered. Cookie and tracking technology are useful for gathering information such as browser type and operating system, tracking the number of visitors to the Site, and understanding how visitors use the Site. Cookies can also help customize the Site for visitors. Personal information cannot be collected via cookies and other tracking technology, however, if you previously provided personally identifiable information, cookies may be tied to such information. Aggregate cookie and tracking information may be shared with third parties.
Distribution of Information?
We may share information with governmental agencies or other companies assisting us in fraud prevention or investigation. We may do so when: (1) permitted or required by law; or, (2) trying to protect against or prevent actual or potential fraud or unauthorized transactions; or, (3) investigating fraud which has already taken place. The information is not provided to these companies for marketing purposes.
Commitment to Data
Security?Your personally identifiable information is kept secure. Only authorized employees, agents and contractors (who have agreed to keep information secure and confidential) have access to this information. All emails and newsletters from this site allow you to opt out of further mailings.
Privacy Contact Information?
If you have any questions, concerns, or comments about our privacy policy you may contact us using the information below:??
By e-mail: support@techpartswarehouse.com
By Phone: 1-888-703-4171
We reserve the right to make changes to this policy. Any changes to this policy will be posted.
backlinks
Shop by Brand Name
Home
3Com
Acbel
Acer
Adaptec
AMD
APC
Apple
ATI
Belkin
Brother
Canon
Cisco
Clearance
Crucial
Dell
Dlink
Fujitsu
Fusers
Gateway
Hard Drives
Hitachi
HP
IBM
Intel
Kensington
Kyocera
Lexmark
Okidata
Patriot Memory
Samsung
Sun
Tech Tools
Toshiba
TRENDNet
USB Flash Drives
Xerox
Popular Products
Dell B2360D Monochrome Duplex Laser Printer 40ppm
List Price :
$229.99
Your Price :
$99.00
HP Fuser for LaserJet 9000 9040 9050
Your Price :
$189.00
HP Maintenance Kit for LaserJet 4240 4250 4350
Your Price :
$119.00
Godaddy Secured
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Customer Support
Site Map
Privacy Policy
Returns & Warranties
About This Site
Feedback
© Copyright 2020 TechPartsWarehouse.com