https://www.securitybastion.com/privacy-policy/
Security Bastion - Privacy Policy
Security BastionInformation Security Policy Templates
Home
Contact Page
Our Company
Packages
Basic Package
Plus Package
Premium Package
Our Members
Log In
Home Contact Page Our Company Packages— Basic Package— Plus Package— Premium Package Our Members Log In
Privacy Policy
Jump to section:
How we collect information about you
How we use cookies
How we protect and store personal information
How we use the personal information we collect
Marketing
How you can control our communications with you
How you can access or change your personal information
Links to other websites
How you can contact us about privacy questions
Introduction
This privacy policy sets out how Security Bastion uses and protects any information that you give Security Bastion when you use this website.
Security Bastion is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
This policy describes the ways we collect, store, use and protect your personal information. You accept this policy and consent to such collection, storage and use when you sign up for or use our products, services or any other feature, technologies or functionalities offered by us on our website or through any other means (collectively “the Security Bastion Services”). We may amend this policy at any time by posting a revised version on our website. The revised version will be effective at the time we post it. In addition, if the revised version includes a substantial change, we will provide you with 30 days’ prior notice by posting notice of the change on the "Policy Updates" page of our website. After this 30 days notice, you will be considered as having expressly consented to all amendments to this policy.
When you are using the Security Bastion Services, we collect information about your account transactions and your other activities on our website or using the Security Bastion Services and we may collect information about your computer or other access device for fraud prevention purposes.
Finally, we may collect additional information from or about you in other ways from contacts with our customer support team, information transmitted to consultants to complete a information security document.
How we collect information about you
When visiting Security Bastion , you may provide us with two types of information: personal information you choose to provide and data collected by the log files as you browse the site.
The personal information you choose to provide includes your name and email when you fill any of our registration forms.
Data collected in the log files include your IP, the browser you use, your internet service provider, the pages of our site you visit, and the time you spend in them. We use that information to collect statistical data about our visitors in order to improve our site. None of this recorded information is linked to personally identifiable information.
If you open an account, we collect the following types of information from you:
Contact information - your name, address, phone, email, Skype ID and other similar information.
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Personal information you provide may be used to send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
Information provided by the log files is collected for statistical purposes and used to help us improve our site.
All information given to us by our customers is never stored longer than it is necessary to complete the engagement.
Once the documentation is complete and the customer is satisfied all files pertaining to the customer will be deleted from our system.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
We send a "session cookie" to your computer when you log in to your account or otherwise use the Security Bastion Services. This type of cookie helps us to recognize you if you visit multiple pages on our site during the same session, so that we don’t need to ask you for your password on each page. Once you log out or close your browser, this cookie expires and no longer has any effect.
We also use longer-lasting cookies for other purposes such as to display your e-mail address on our sign-in form, so that you don't need to retype the e-mail address each time you log in to your account.
We encode our cookies so that only we can interpret the information stored in them. You are free to decline our cookies if your browser permits, but doing so may interfere with your use of our website. We may also collect information about your computer or other access device to mitigate risk and for fraud prevention purposes.
We and our service-providers also use cookies to customize the Security Bastion services, content and advertising; measure promotional effectiveness, and promote trust and safety.
You may encounter cookies from third parties when using the Security Bastion Services on websites that we do not control (for example, if you view a webpage created by a third party or use an application developed by a third party, there may be a cookie placed by that web page or application).
How we protect and store personal information
Throughout this policy, we use the term "personal information" to describe information that can be associated with a specific person and can be used to identify that person. We do not consider personal information to include information that has been anonymized so that it does not identify a specific user.
We store and process your personal information on our computers in the US and elsewhere in the world where Security Bastion has facilities, and we protect it by maintaining physical, electronic and procedural safeguards in compliance with applicable law. We use computer safeguards such as firewalls and data encryption, we enforce physical access controls to our buildings and files, and we authorize access to personal information only for those employees who require it to fulfill their job responsibilities.
How we use the personal information we collect
Our primary purpose in collecting personal information is to provide you with a safe, smooth, efficient, and customized experience. To that end, we use your personal information to:
provide the services and customer support you request;
process security documentation development requests;
resolve disputes, collect fees, and troubleshoot problems;
prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities, and enforce our terms and conditions;
customize, measure, and improve our services and the content and layout of our website;
deliver targeted marketing, service update notices, and promotional offers based on your communication preferences;
compare information for accuracy and verify it with third parties.
Marketing
We don’t sell or rent your personal information to third-parties for their marketing purposes without your explicit consent. We may combine your information with information we collect from other companies and use it to improve and personalize our services, content and advertising. If you don’t wish to receive marketing communications from us or participate in our ad-customization programs, simply indicate your preference by logging into your account going to the profiles subtab under the My Account tab and adjusting your preferences or by following the directions provided with the communication or advertisement.
How you can control our communications with you
You can control how we use your contact information to market our services to you by changing your preferences on the Notifications page. This page can be accessed by going to the Profile subtab under the My Account tab after you login to the Security Bastion website.
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes
if you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at contact@securitybastion.com
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
How you can access or change your personal information
You can review and edit your personal information at any time by logging in to your account and clicking the change password button in the members page tab.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
How you can contact us about privacy questions
Questions about how we collect or handle the private information? please contact us at contact@securitybastion.com or call (888)578-7779.
[divider_top]
Tweet
Get Started
Download Sample Template.Save yourself time and money
Get Started
Our Members
Package Information
Basic Package Info
Plus Package Info
Premium Package Info
Address United States:
8007 Penn Center Plaza,
15th Street and John F. Kennedy Boulevard
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania19102
contact@securitybastion.com
United Kingdom:
Sweetshop Studio,
2 Stanley Street
Carnforth
Lancashire
LA5 9DX
contact@securitybastion.com
Licence Agreement
Privacy Policy
Our Members
FAQ
Our Company
Cookies
Security Management Blog
Security Bastion is a GetClick Media Ltd Company. All rights reserved.