http://www.clicksinternetmarketing.com/privacypolicy
The Best Customer Is Already Searching for Your Product or Service.
Let's Make Sure They Find It.
Call Today - 412-580-5075
home
SEO
PPC
Social Media
Web Design
What is SEO?
About
Contact
What We Do
Search Engine Marketing
Pay Per Click Advertising
Social Media Marketing
Web Design
Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you subscribe to our newsletter or fill out a form.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address or phone number. You may, however, visit our site anonymously. We do not give this information to third parties.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience
(your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
To improve our website
(we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
To improve customer service
(your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
To send periodic emails
The email address you provide for order processing, will only be used  to send you information and updates pertaining to your order.
Do we use cookies?
Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
Clicks Internet Marketing
328 South Avenue
Pittsburgh, PA 15221
USA
info@clickstomysite.com
Privacy Policy Created by Free Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Call 412-580-5075
Testimonials
"Thank you again for the fantastic SEO work you've done with my site.
I'm already seeing positive results and higher rankings in both Google and Yahoo! searches"
"In the last month since you've optimized my site, two major publications published glowing pieces -- not bad for a tiny Pittsburgh operation!"
Company
About
Contact
Site Map
Privacy Policy
Services
SEO Services
PPC Advertising
Social Media
Web Design
Copywriting
Click Strategies, LLC
Copyright 2019 All Rights Reserved