http://www.mingw.org/privacy
MinGW
Minimalist GNU for Windows
About
Downloads
Documentation
Recent posts
Feed aggregator
Home » About Privacy
The rights to your privacy are important.
This project web page and associated mailing lists however are very public and are copied to many sites and caches.
If you share your private data it is your problem and we cannot be held responsible for it.
We will do our best to help you remove your private data upon request but that may take some time as this project is a hobby to all that are participating in it and not all people have the same rights as others.
We cannot promise that removal of your private data will in fact occur nor can we promise that all of your private data will be removed if any is.
Please be cautious in what you post and never give data that you don't want others to see.
107712 reads
This wiki is not a forum for discussion of usage issues.
Please use the mingw-users@lists.osdn.me list instead. We do not allow creation of comments by anonymous or untrusted users, on any page.
Site Status
Site maintenance performed successfully, site online Dec 13th 12:00 AM Eastern.
Search this site:
Administrative Update
The MinGW Project will gratefully accept donations, to assist us in covering our administrative costs. Please see the Donate page for more information on how to Donate.
User login
Login
Navigation
AboutContact
Donate
History
Licensing Terms
Mailing Lists
Privacy
Reporting Bugs
Submit Patches
Sitemap
Downloads
Documentation
Recent posts
Feed aggregator
Who's online
There are currently 0 users and 49 guests online.
Popular content
Today's:Getting Started
HOWTO Install the MinGW (GCC) Compiler Suite
download/installer
Install MinGW
MSYS
MinGW for First Time Users HOWTO
Welcome to MinGW.org
All time:download/installer
HOWTO Install the MinGW (GCC) Compiler Suite
Getting Started
Last viewed:Getting Started
HOWTO Install the MinGW (GCC) Compiler Suite
HOWTO Specify the Header File Include Path for use with MinGW Compilers
Recent comments
Re: File list on SourceForge9 years 39 weeks ago
Re: Getting Started9 years 39 weeks ago
Re: File list on SourceForge10 years 20 weeks ago
Re: File list on SourceForge10 years 20 weeks ago
Re: File list on SourceForge10 years 20 weeks ago
Re: File list on SourceForge10 years 20 weeks ago
Re: File list on SourceForge10 years 20 weeks ago
Re: File list on SourceForge10 years 20 weeks ago
Re: Community_Supplied_Links10 years 21 weeks ago
Re: HOWTO Install the MinGW (GCC) Compiler Suite10 years 28 weeks ago
Search mingw-users
Choose Mail List:
MinGW-users
Powered By
What Can You Do for MinGW?
There are various activities that require willing helpers who have a few minutes to spare each week.
Below is a list of a few of those things you can help us with.
Drupal Administration
Content Administration
Wiki Content Updates
Ubuntu Server Administration
Software Package Contributions
Runtime Updates
Windows API Updates
This is not an exhaustive list there are plenty of other things we do.
If you would like to help let us know via the mingw-users@lists.osdn.me mail list.
Copyright © 2020 - MinGW.org