http://www.txtdrop.com/privacy.php
16,310,272 texts sent |
bookmark us
| contact us
Home
News
Mac OS X Widget
Vista Gadget
iPhone App
MySpace Widget
FAQ's
Legal
Privacy Policy - July 7, 2006
TxtDrop.com is a free text message delivery service with the ability to send messages to cell phones in the United States and Canada. Your privacy is important to us, and we take every precaution possible to protect the users of the site. We reserve the right to update this privacy policy.
TxtDrop.com will not release any personal contact information to advertisers or any other 3rd party.
TxtDrop.com will NOT send unsolicited text messages or make phone calls to any acquired cell phone numbers. At no time will cell phone numbers be sold, traded, exchanged, or given to any other 3rd party.
TxtDrop.com gathers only what information is necessary for completion of text messages. Information is used solely for transmitting text messages, and will not be sold or shared with any 3rd parties. In addition, the site may gather broad statistical information such as (but not limited to) number of website visits, page views, ad clicks, number of messages sent, and popularity of cell phone providers. This information is used to help us better understand how users use our site.
The site reserves the right to disclose any information to courts or law enforcement agencies if presented with a subpoena, or at txtDrop.com's sole discretion when such disclosure is necessary to bring legal action against any persons or parties found to be using the site to cause harm to others, or violating the legal rights of the site or others.
Terms of Service - April 17, 2007
Users of this site and the software provided by this site are bound by the following Terms of Service, which may, at any time, be changed at the sole discretion of the site. The latest version and date will always be posted on this page on the site. Continued usage of the site and services provided implies acceptance of these Terms of Service.
Content of text messages sent from this site, or using this sites software, does not reflect the views of the site or its parent company. All message content is the sole responsibility of the sender.
TxtDrop.com or its parent company assumes no liability or responsibility for the content of messages, or any decisions, actions or events that occur as a result of using this site.
Users of this site and the software provided by this site agree not to use the service to attempt to or stalk or impersonate another person or legal entity.
Users of this site and the software provided by this site may not use the service to send: spam sms messages, promotional messages that may be viewed as spam, bulk sms or bulk email messages, other unwarranted solicitations, content which includes advertising or marketing material, content that may be deemed unlawful, threatening, harassing, abusive, libelous, defamatory, racist, sexually explicit, pornographic, obscene, indecent, vulgar, or otherwise inappropriate, including any messages consituting or encouraging criminal conduct in any way, or any content that violates or infringes on the legal rights of other individuals or corporations.
Please do not use TxtDrop.com to harass others. It's not nice.
Ported number? Want to send international text messages? Try txtDrop.net!
Home | Mac OS X Widget | Windows Vista Gadget | MySpace Widget | Abbreviations
| FAQs | Legal | Advertising | About
Funny Text Messages | Free Picture Messaging | About SMS
Copyright© 2005-2008 txtDrop