http://www.emofaces.com/privacy
Search www.emofaces.com
Free stuff
Download
Shop
Contact
Copyright
You are here: Home			 > Privacy
Emoticon waving the flag of your team? Emofaces.com Privacy Policy Statement
This is the web site of Marijn Kampf.
Our postal address is
3 Springhill Mews, Old Waterford Road
Tramore, Co. Waterford. Ireland
We can be reached via http://www.emofaces.com/contact
For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes no information regarding the domain or e-mail address.
We collect the domain name and e-mail address (where possible) of visitors to our Web page, aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit, user-specific information on what pages consumers access or visit, information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations, name and address.
The information we collect is used to improve the content of our Web page, used to customize the content and/or layout of our page for each individual visitor, used to notify consumers about updates to our Web site, used by us to contact consumers for marketing purposes, disclosed when legally required to do so, at the request of governmental authorities conducting an investigation, to verify or enforce compliance with the policies governing our Website and applicable laws or to protect against misuse or unauthorized use of our Website, to a successor entity in connection with a corporate merger, consolidation, sale of assets or other corporate change respecting the Website.
With respect to cookies: We use cookies to store visitors preferences, record session information, such as items that consumers add to their shopping cart, record user-specific information on what pages users access or visit.
If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address.
If you supply us with your postal address on-line you will only receive the information for which you provided us your address.
Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line will only receive telephone contact from us with information regarding orders they have placed on-line.
Please provide us with your name and phone number. We will be sure your name is removed from the list we share with other organizations
With respect to Ad Servers: To try and bring you offers that are of interest to you, we have relationships with other companies that we allow to place ads on our Web pages. As a result of your visit to our site, ad server companies may collect information such as your domain type, your IP address and clickstream information.
For further information, consult the privacy policies of:From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice.
If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our Web site to notify you of these changes and we will use for these new purposes only data collected from the time of the policy change forward. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our Web site periodically.
Customers may prevent their information from being used for purposes other than those for which it was originally collected by e-mailing us at the above address.
Upon request we provide site visitors with access to transaction information (e.g., dates on which customers made purchases, amounts and types of purchases) that we maintain about them.
Consumers can access this information by e-mail us at the above address.
Consumers can have this information corrected by sending us e-mail at the above address.
With respect to security: and We do not store sensitive information such as financial or health information..
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above addresses or e-mail.
About
FAQ
Sitemap
Privacy
Links
Settings
Mobi
Emofaces are free for personal non commercial use. All that is required is a link back to www.emofaces.com. Please read full copyright information before use.
Formerly known as: smiley-faces.com and smiling-faces.com
© 1998 - 2020 by Marijn Kampf / emofaces.com. All Rights Reserved.
Page last changed on: 2008-11-06 01:53:31			URL: //www.emofaces.com/privacy
English Nederlands