http://www.barcodesoft.com/privacy
Welcome to Barcodesoft
QRCode Encoder
You can genereate QRCode in MS Excel spreadsheet, MS Access, Crystal Reports.
QRCode
Welcome to Barcodesoft
Data Matrix Encoder
You can generate Data Matrix in MS Excel spreadsheet, MS Access, Crystal Reports.
Data Matrix
Welcome to Barcodesoft
Code128 barcode font
You can generate Code 128 barcode in MS crystal-reports spreadsheet, MS Access, Crystal Reports.
Code128
We respect your privacy and want to protect your privacy.
In order to comply with EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), our website will display a form asking for your consent to save non-essential cookie to your browser. If you do NOT accept, only essential cookies will be sent to your browser, such as TempData and Session cookies.
Learn More.
Accept
Barcodesoft Privacy Policy
Barcodesoft.com wants to protect your privacy. We believe that our customers will only want to use our services, and then continue to use our services, if they feel safe and secure using our website. Do feel free to contact us directly about our privacy policy. Based on your feedback and developments in the law we will change our privacy policy from time to time. We must comply with the standards of the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act, the CSA Model for the Protection of Personal Privacy and OECD's Guidelines on the Protection of Privacy and Transborder Flows of Personal Data. Any data we collect is used in accordance with the above legislation and guidelines. If you need more information about this legislation you can visit the official Web site of the Privacy Commissioner of Canada or the Electronic Commerce branch of Industry Canada. This privacy policy does not apply once any user of Barcodesoft.com leaves the website and links onto another website. This website uses cookies.
We may ask for your personal information in a variety of situations, including, but not limited to, the following: when you purchase our product online; when you register for any kind of user account. Any personal information that you provide us will be used by Barcodesoft alone, unless we have specifically stated otherwise. We will seek partnerships and alliances with other businesses in order to provide for you the best possible service. We may have to share some of your personal information with our business partners. When certain information is going to be shared with our partners we will notify you prior to our sharing of the information. You always retain the option of not using the service if you do not want your personal information to be shared with other businesses. The same applies for any promotions we may sponsor jointly with other businesses. It should be noted that our privacy policy does not apply to any links connected to our website. You will have to read the privacy policies of those websites in order to understand what happens to your personal information. We will always seek to enter into non-disclosure and confidentiality with all our business partners.
In order to comply with EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), our website will display a form asking for your consent to save non-essential cookie to your browser. If you do NOT accept, only essential cookies will be sent to your browser, such as TempData and Session cookies.
Your personal information will can be shared in three situations. The first situation is when we have your permission to share your information. The second situation is when we feel that we are required by law to share your personal information. The third situation is when we feel someone or an entity is, intentionally or unintentionally, causing harm to our website, our property (including our intellectual property), our customers, user account holders and anyone else who may be harmed as a result. We will only such information that is necessary to bring a legal action.
BarcodesoftPrivacy Policy