http://www.shriro.com.au/privacy
Shriro Privacy Policy
At Shriro Australia Pty Ltd (Shriro), we are committed to protecting your privacy. We use the information we collect about you to maximise the services that we provide to you.  We respect the privacy and confidentiality of the information provided by you and adheres to the Australian Privacy Principles.  Please read our privacy policy below carefully.
You may change your details at any time by advising us in writing via email.  All information we receive from our customers is protected by our secure server. Shriro’s secure server software encrypts all customer information before it is sent to us.  Furthermore, all customer data collected is secured against unauthorised use or access.  Credit card information is not stored by us on our servers.
CONSENT TO SHRIRO’S PRIVACY POLICY
By submitting personal information, which includes registering a product, an individual agrees with the terms of Shriro’s current Privacy Policy. If an individual does not agree with any term within this Policy, then personal information should not be provided, no-one is obligated to provide personal information. However, failure to do so may result in Shriro being unable to provide an individual with product(s) and/or provide certain services including after sales service.
COLLECTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
As used in this Privacy Policy, 'personal information' means personally identifiable information such as an individual’s name, street address, email address and telephone numbers.  Personal information may be requested by Shriro to enable an individual to register for a product warranty or promotion, receive information or mailings, buy a product or service from Shriro, fill out a survey, make a comment or enquiry or for a variety of other reasons. Please be assured that Shriro will not collect any personal information unless an individual provides this information voluntarily.  When Shriro is provided with personal information, the individual is authorising Shriro to use that information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
STORAGE AND SECURITY OF YOUR INFORMATION
We receive and store information you enter on our website or give us in any other way from time to time.  You may provide basic contact information such as your name, phone number, address, and email address to enable us to send information or process your product order and we may also collect additional information at other times, including but not limited to, when you provide feedback, change your content or email preferences, respond to a survey, or communicate with our customer support.
Personal information and the information Shriro gathers are used solely by Shriro for the express purpose for which it was collected eg to respond to an enquiry, register a product warranty, entry into a promotion etc.  It may also be used by Shriro to improve Shriro’s products and web sites as well as means of contacting an individual regarding other products and services which may be of interest to the individual. Shriro may also share it with, or pass it to other brands within the Shriro Group.  At any time, however, an individual may opt out of such future contact.  (See "Who to Contact" below).  At times Shriro may retain third parties to process and analyse data collected eg information collected on the Shriro web sites, including personal information, solely to help improve Shriro’s products and web sites. In addition, if a product or service is ordered from Shriro then personal information may be shared with Shriro’s suppliers and other third parties to allow delivery of such product or service.  These suppliers and other third parties are not authorised by Shriro to use personal information in any other way.  This will only apply if you have registered or subscribed to such publications by registering your details with us.  However if you wish to cease receiving any such information you may let us know either by email or unsubscribing at any time and your request will be actioned immediately.
Individual profile and company details are not used for any other purpose.  Details are only supplied to a third party supplier when it is required by law, for goods or services which you have purchased or to protect our copyright, trademarks and other legal rights.
We respect the privacy of our online visitors.  We may collect information on or through this website that can personally identify you. For example, we collect personally identifiable information which you volunteer to us to respond to visitor questions and comments about us and our products and services, and to mail e-newsletters (“Personal Data”).
We will use all reasonable means to protect the confidentiality of your Personal Data while in our possession or control. We will not knowingly share any of your Personal Data with any third party other than our service providers who assist us in providing the information and/or services we are providing to you. To the extent that we do share your personal information with a service provider, we would only do so if that party has agreed to comply with our privacy standards as described in this privacy policy. Some of our service providers may be overseas and may not be subject to Australian Privacy Laws.  Please contact us if you require specific details.
Any non-personal information, communications and material you send to this website or to us by email, or which we obtain from third parties without promises of confidentiality, may be kept, used and disclosed by us on a non-confidential basis. We are free to use and reproduce any such information freely, and for any purpose whatsoever.  Specifically, we will be free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques contained in such information for any purpose, including developing, manufacturing or marketing products.
COOKIES
A cookie is a small file placed in your web browser that collects information about your web browsing behavior.  Use of cookies allows a website to tailor its configuration to your needs and preferences. Cookies do not access information stored on your computer or any personal information (e.g. name, address, email address or telephone number).  Most web browsers automatically accept cookies but you can choose to reject cookies by changing your browser settings.  This may, however, prevent you from taking full advantage of our website.
Our website uses cookies to analyse website traffic and help us provide a better website visitor experience.  In addition, cookies may be used to serve relevant ads to website visitors through third party services such as Google Adwords.  These ads may appear on this website or other websites you visit.
DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
We may from time to time need to disclose certain information, which may include your Personal Data, to comply with a legal requirement, such as a law, regulation, court order, subpoena, warrant, in the course of a legal proceeding or in response to a law enforcement agency request.  Also, we may use your Personal Data to protect the rights, property or safety of Shriro, our customers or third parties.
If there is a change of control in one of our businesses (whether by merger, sale, transfer of assets or otherwise) customer information, which may include your Personal Data, could be disclosed to a potential purchaser under a confidentiality agreement. We would only disclose your information in good faith and where required by any of the above circumstances.
THIRD PARTIES
We do not and will not sell or deal in personal or customer information. We will never disclose your personal details to a third party except the necessary information required by providers of products or services you have purchased or to protect the rights, property or safety of Shriro, our customers or third parties or if required by law.
We may however use in a general sense without any reference to your name, your information to create marketing statistics, identify user demands and to assist it in meeting customer needs generally. In addition, we may use the information that you provide to improve our website and services but not for any other use.
SECURITY
We strive to ensure the security, integrity and privacy of personal information submitted to Shriro, and we periodically update our security measures in light of current technologies.
LINKS
This website may contain links to other websites.  These links are meant for your convenience only.  Links to third party websites or retailers do not constitute sponsorship or endorsement or approval of these websites or retailers. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of these third parties.  We encourage our users to be aware, when they leave our website, to read the privacy statements of each and every website or third party that collects personally identifiable information.  This privacy policy applies solely to information collected by Shriro.
CHANGE IN PRIVACY POLICY
As we plan to ensure our privacy policy remains current, this policy is subject to change. We may modify this policy at any time, in our sole discretion and all modifications will be effective immediately upon our posting of the modifications on this website.  Please return periodically to review our privacy policy.
If you have any questions or concerns at any time about our privacy policy or the use of your personal information, please contact us at privacy@shriro.com.au and we will attempt to respond within 48 hours, or you may contact us by mail at:
Shriro Australia Pty Ltd
Locked Bag 5002
Kingsgrove
NSW 2208
Australia or;
By phone: (02) 9415 5000
To assist Shriro to action the request, an individual’s full name including details of the brand or Shriro contact to which the request relates to should be provided.  Shriro is committed to protecting an individual’s privacy.  Please do not hesitate to contact Shriro with any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy.
Company
Home
Sustainability
About us
Contact us
Privacy Policy
Recalls
Investor Relations
Corporate Governance
Announcements
Brand Events
Kitchen Appliances
Neil Perry Kitchen Appliances
BLANCO Kitchen Appliances, Sinks & Taps
Omega Kitchen Appliances
Robinhood Kitchen Appliances
Casio Electronics
Edifice Men's Watches
G-shock Men's Watches
Baby-G Women's Watches
Pro Trek Smart
Point of Sales (POS)
Keyboard, Digital Pianos
Education, Calculators
Projectors
Lifestyle Products
Omega Altise Portable Air Conditioners, Fans, Heaters, Air Purifiers, Dehumidifiers
Everdure BBQs
Everdure Heaters
Everdure Appliances
Back To Top