http://www.whitetown.com/privacy/
Toggle navigation Menu
Main
WhiteTown Software
ProductsDownloadsOrder
Support
Privacy policy
At WhiteTown Software, we respect your privacy. We will not sell, share, or rent any data collected on our site to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement.
Personal Information
WhiteTown Software collects basic personal information when you fill out the contact forms or subscribe to our newsletter. This information is used to contact the user about the services on our site for which they have expressed interest or reply to a query. Such personal information is stored on WhiteTown Software computers and is accessed by authorized personnel only. If a user wishes to subscribe to our newsletter, the only requered information is email address; all other information is optional.
Orders
When ordering a product from us, the purchaser's name, email address, mailing address, credit card number, and expiration date are encrypted using SSL (Secure Socket Layers) and passed through to the credit card processing company. This is necessary for processing and fulfilling orders and providing notification of the order status. If you do not wish to disclose your credit card number, feel free to order by mail using a check or by toll-free phone. You can also pay by international wire transfer, in which case we will know only the account holder name and the email address to which we should email the registration codes.
Software
The software distributed on our site does not collect any personal information or send any information to our servers. We do not and never will distribute spyware. We encourage you to download our software directly from our site to avoid potential security risks, such as downloading infected software.
Cookies
We do not use cookies.
Server Log Files
We use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track user's movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information. The log files are deleted on a monthly basis.
Copyright © WhiteTown Software, 1996-2020 |
Privacy policy |
Site map