http://www.tabsautobiz.com/privacy-policy
AutoFluent System
Our Services
Try It Free
Contact
Back
Features
Accessories
Integration Partners
FAQ
About TABS
Back
Services
Data Conversions
Blog
Videos
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy discloses the privacy practices for AutoRepairSoftware.com. This privacy policy applies solely to information collected by this web site. It will notify you of the following:What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the web site, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.Information Collection, Use, and SharingWe are the sole owners of the information collected on this site.  We will use information you have provided to us to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request.Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you in the future to tell you about specials, products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.Your Access to and Control Over InformationYou may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us.See what data we have about you, if any.Change/correct any data we have about you.Have us delete any data we have about you.Express any concern you have about our use of your data.RegistrationIn order to use portions this website, a user must first complete the registration form. During registration a user is required to provide certain information (such as name and email address). This information is used to contact you about the products/services on our site in which you have expressed interest.CookiesCookies are files with small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and stored on your computer's hard drive. Like many sites, we use "cookies" to collect information. Cookies can enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site.Some of our business partners may use cookies on our site (for example, advertisers). However, we have no direct access to or control over these cookies.You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Site.SecurityThe security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.LinksThis web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.Log DataLike many site operators, we collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Site ("Log Data"). This Log Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol ("IP") address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Site that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics.UpdatesOur Privacy Policy may change from time to time and all updates will be posted on this page.If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately.