http://www.appriver.com/solutions/by-industry/legal
Skip to main content
Lega
Confidentiality, secured.
Law firms and legal professionals rely on Zix for email encryption, threat protection, and archiving.
Secure Communications
Few things are more vital than ensuring the integrity of your most important communication channel – email. Zix combines transparent email encryption, robust archiving, and powerful protection against inbound threats like ransomware, phishing and malware. Backed by superior 24/7/365 live support, we make securing email as easy as using it.
Avoid Attacks
Cyber attacks against law firms and legal institutions are on the rise, and it’s more than just the big firms at risk. Hackers are using increasingly sophisticated email attacks to target legal organizations regardless of size, revenue or client base. And as long as there’s sensitive data in email, your clients and your organization are vulnerable. That’s why legal organizations choose Zix to protect their inbound and outbound email, clients, and reputation.
Stay Organized
Compliance and eDiscovery is another important piece of any complete business communications security solution. Zix makes it easy to categorize, search and access messages from email and 48 electronic communication tools through a simple cloud interface. With Zix, you control who views your business communications data and when. We can’t make compliance and eDiscovery more fun, but we can help alleviate the hassle
Email Encryption
Encryption, secured.
Automatic email encryption and data loss prevention offer unparalleled peace of mind for you, your employees and your executives.
Explore Email Encryption
Email Threat Protection
Simpler and more secure email.
Prevent malware, ransomware and other advanced threats from compromising your email and your business.
Explore Email Threat Protection
Information Archiving
Accessible, unified archiving.
Provides secure message retention, making compliance and eDiscovery easier for you and your team.
Explore Information Archiving
Email Message Privacy
Complete control of your sensitive information.
Transform your existing email environment into a secure communications workplace, with point-to-point message encryption and tracking, large file sharing, and e-signature capability.
Explore Email Message Privacy
Secure File Share
Share easily and confidently,period.
Securely share files of any size and type, with full tracking features and e-signature capability, all designed to keep your business moving forward.
Explore Secure File Share