http://www.mozilla.com/en-US/privacy/firefox-reality/
Firefox Reality Privacy Notice — Mozilla
Menu
Mozilla
Download Firefox
Firefox Privacy Notice
Get a Firefox Account
Check out the Benefits
Firefox
Close Firefox menu
Firefox Browser for Desktop
Get the browser that gives more power to you on Windows, macOS or Linux.
Download
New Features
Extensions
Support
Privacy
Firefox Browser for Mobile
Take Firefox and Firefox Focus with you. For Android and iOS.
Get Firefox
Get Firefox Focus
New Features
Android Extensions
iOS Support
Android Support
Pocket
Save content. Absorb knowledge.
Your Firefox Account
Make the most of your Firefox experience, across every device.
Firefox Browser for Enterprise
Same speed and safety you trust, designed just for business.
Firefox for Fire TV
Watch videos and browse the internet on your Amazon Fire TV.
Mozilla VPN: Fast. Simple. Private.
Protect your entire device and all applications. Mask your real location and connect up to 5 devices. Subscribe now.
Projects
Close Projects menu
Common Voice
Donate your voice to help make voice recognition open to everyone.
Firefox Reality
Explore the immersive web on your virtual reality headset.
Machine Learning
Help make deep learning algorithms available to the open source world.
Hubs
Get together in virtual reality with this online social space.
Mozilla Mixed Reality
Mozilla brings virtual and augmented reality to the open web.
Developers
Close Developers menu
Firefox Developer Edition
Firefox, built just for developers.
Firefox Beta
Test soon-to-be-released features in our most stable pre-release build.
Firefox Nightly
Preview the latest build of Firefox and help us make it the best.
Developer Innovations
Projects that help keep the internet open and accessible for all.
Web Assembly
Rust
Mixed Reality
Resources
Resources for developers, by developers.
MDN Web Docs
Firefox Playground
Developer Blog
Mozilla Open Source Support (MOSS)
Firefox Developer Edition
Build, test, scale and more with the only browser built just for developers.
About
Close About menu
Mozilla
Meet the technology company that puts people before profit.
About
Leadership
Mozilla Foundation
Mission
Press Center
Contact
Careers
Work for a mission-driven organization that builds purpose-driven products.
Get involved
Join the fight for a healthy internet.
Events
Donate
Mozilla Manifesto
Your right to security and privacy on the internet is fundamental – never optional.
Menu
Mozilla Privacy
Firefox Reality
Mozilla Privacy
Mozilla Websites, Communications & Cookies
Firefox Browser
Firefox Better Web
Firefox for Fire TV
Firefox Reality
Firefox OS
Firefox Focus
Firefox Private Network
Firefox Relay
Mozilla VPN
Thunderbird
Firefox Reality Privacy Notice
Version 1.1, effective July 23, 2019
At Mozilla, we believe that privacy is fundamental to a healthy internet.
That’s why we build Firefox Reality, and all our products, to give you greater control over the information you share online and the information you share with us. We strive to collect only what we need to improve Firefox Reality for everyone.
In this Privacy Notice, we explain what data Firefox Reality shares and point you to settings to share even less. We also adhere to the practices outlined in the Mozilla privacy policy for how we receive, handle and share information we collect from Firefox Reality.
Firefox Reality by default shares data for:
Improving performance and stability
Interaction data: Firefox Reality sends data about your interactions with Firefox Reality to us (such as number of open windows; number of webpages visited; information about voice searches, and session length) and Firefox Reality features offered by Mozilla or our partners (such as interaction with Firefox Reality search features and search partner referrals).
Technical data: Firefox Reality sends data about your Firefox Reality version and language; device operating system and hardware configuration, including VR headset and handsets; memory, basic information about crashes and errors; outcome of automated processes like updates, and activation to us. When Firefox Reality sends data to us, your IP address is temporarily collected as part of our server logs.
Read the telemetry documentation for Firefox Reality or learn how to opt-out of this data collection.
Voice Search
Voice Recordings: When you choose to use voice input for Firefox Reality, your voice recordings are sent to Mozilla and Google’s Cloud Speech service for processing to provide you with suggested text. Mozilla does not keep your recordings.
Crash reports
If you turn crash reporting on Mozilla will receive a report with more information if Firefox Reality crashes. Generally, crash reports include:
Device information: This tells us information about your device, such as the operating system, manufacturer and graphics adapter when the crash happened.
Application information: This tells us information about the application that crashed, such as the version, build and build architecture of Firefox Reality you were using.
Crash information: This provides information about the crash, including a report of Firefox Reality’s subroutines at the time of the crash, and a whether a crash happened before Firefox Reality finished starting up, what type of process caused the crash and the information in device memory at the time of the crash.
For more information, and to see examples of real crash reports, see Crash Data.
Mozilla
Company
About
Press Center
Careers
Developers
Test New Features
MDN Web Docs
Tools
Resources
Privacy
Contact
Product Help
Support
File a Bug
Twitter (@mozilla)
Instagram (@mozilla)
Visit Mozilla Corporation’s not-for-profit parent, the Mozilla Foundation.
Portions of this content are ©1998–2020 by individual mozilla.org contributors. Content available under a Creative Commons license.
Privacy
Website Privacy Notice
Cookies
Legal
Community Participation Guidelines