http://www.workflowgen.com/en/privacy-policy/
Privacy policy
Advantys Solutions Ltd (“ADVANTYS”) respects the privacy of your personal information and is committed to protecting it and using it solely for the purpose for which it was collected. The objective of this policy is to inform you about our privacy practices, on why and how we collect your personal information, and on how it is kept and used.
Scope
The policy applies to all personal information collected from the www.workflowgen.com website (the “Site”). The policy is subject to laws of Québec in this matter, such as the Act respecting the protection of personal information in the private sector, as well as other legislation and applicable regulations. We collect personal information concerning individuals who visit our Site, in particular when they fill-in contact forms to request information, a call or a trial version of our product. In most cases, we request the following personal information: company, name, job title, telephone number, email address. This information is used notably in order to respond to your queries. This information may also be used in order to improve the content of our Site, for marketing study purposes, to improve our services or in order to provide you with information of interest.
Cookies and traffic analysis
We don’t use any cookies on our site.
We don’t use Google Analytics or similar technologies to monitor traffic.
We rely on server-side data collection for analytics that complies with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
Use of personal information
The personal information we collect is used solely for the purpose for which it was collected. Your consent will be necessary for the use of your personal information for commercial prospection purposes other than those mentioned above.
ADVANTYS keeps personal information for a period of time it deems reasonable to reach the objectives set out or in accordance with the law, whichever time frame is shorter. We establish retention criteria based on the type of information collected.
Once the objectives have been reached and your personal information is no longer required, or if you have asked us to delete this information, we ensure it remains anonymous or we destroy it in a way that ensures protection against unauthorized access or communication.
We never disclose your personal information to any person outside ADVANTYS without your consent, with the exception of the following:
any entity within our group or linked to ADVANTYS;
our suppliers of goods and services, whether these be organizations or individuals, whose services have been retained to carry out duties on our behalf. ADVANTYS will take the necessary measures, by contractual means or otherwise, to ensure that these third-party suppliers process your personal information for the sole purpose of providing these products or services to ADVANTYS and that they protect this personal information to the same extent that ADVANTYS protects the personal information in its possession;
any entity resulting from a merger or change in control of ADVANTYS, in whole or in part, only if the parties have signed an agreement stipulating that the collection, use and disclosure of information is limited to the objectives of the commercial transaction;
any public authorities, if the law so requires.
Personal information concerning minors
Information on our Site is not intended to minors. ADVANTYS does not knowingly collect any personal information from minors.
External hyperlinks
Our Site may include hyperlinks to websites that are independent of ours. These links are provided to you out of courtesy. As ADVANTYS is not responsible for the content and policies of these sites, we recommend you to read their policies before using these sites. Any personal information you send through these sites will be subject to the privacy policies of the sites in question.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
Once in a while, ADVANTYS may modify its Privacy Policy. Please consult it from time to time. In the event of a modification, a notice to this effect will be posted at the beginning of the present policy.
Information
Should you have any questions concerning our policy on the protection of personal information, the access to personal information, or the collection, use and disclosure of personal information, or if you need to know how to lodge a complaint, withdraw your name from one or several of our mailing lists or update your personal information, please contact us:
Advantys Solutions Ltd
1250 René-Lévesque West Suite 2200,
Montréal, Province of Québec, H3B 4W8
Tel: 1 877 650 6015
privacy@advantys.com