https://www.auditexcel.co.za/privacy-policy/
Home // Privacy Policy
The privacy of our visitors to www.AuditExcel.co.za is important to us.
At www.AuditExcel.co.za, we recognize that privacy of your personal information is important. Here is information on what types of personal information we receive and collect when you use visit www.AuditExcel.co.za, and how we safeguard your information. We never sell your personal information to third parties.
Log Files
As with most other websites, we collect and use the data contained in log files. The information in the log files include your IP (internet protocol) address, your ISP (internet service provider, such as AOL or Shaw Cable), the browser you used to visit our site (such as Internet Explorer or Firefox), the time you visited our site and which pages you visited throughout our site.
Cookies and Web Beacons
We do use cookies to store information, such as your personal preferences when you visit our site. This could include only showing you a popup once in your visit, or the ability to login to some of our features, such as forums.
We also use third party advertisements on www.AuditExcel.co.za to support our site. Some of these advertisers may use technology such as cookies and web beacons when they advertise on our site, which will also send these advertisers (such as Google through the Google AdSense program) information including your IP address, your ISP , the browser you used to visit our site, and in some cases, whether you have Flash installed. This is generally used for geotargeting purposes or showing certain ads based on specific sites visited .
These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here.
You can chose to disable or selectively turn off our cookies or third-party cookies in your browser settings, or by managing preferences in programs such as Norton Internet Security. However, this can affect how you are able to interact with our site as well as other websites. This could include the inability to login to services or programs, such as logging into forums or accounts.
Free MS Excel Tips & Tricks
Please fill in your details below to get regular Excel tips and tricks and a free Quick Reference Download!
Subscribe
Next MS Excel Course Dates
Virtually & Joburg: 18-20 Jan 2021
Advanced MS Excel Course
Virtually & Joburg: 8-12 Feb 2021
Advanced MS Excel Course
Virtually & Cape Town: 1-3 Mar 2021
Advanced MS Excel Course
View Calendar
Latest MS Excel Tips & Tricks
Line break as the delimiter in Text to Columns in Excel
Using multiple characters as delimiters in Excel Text to Column
CSV now semicolon not comma
What gets lost when repairing a corrupt Excel file
Switch off PowerQuery Conditional Column wizard
T Call +27 (0) 81 044 2984
info@auditexcel.co.za
All content copyright AuditExcel
2020
Home
Sitemap
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Support
Email Us