http://www.itvision.com.au/privacy-policy.aspx
Skip to Content
Page Title
HomePrivacy Policy
IT Vision is committed to protecting your privacy.  This privacy policy is intended to provide you with a general explanation of how and when we collect your personal information, and how it is stored and distributed within IT Vision.
Your personal information is protected by the Data Protection Act 1998 (“Act”).  Under the Act IT Vision is legally obliged to process your personal information lawfully and fairly and in such a way that it is kept secure.
Personal information will only be collected with your consent. Examples of personal information include your address, e-mail address and telephone number.  This information is kept and treated as confidential information and will only be used by employees of IT Vision.  If you do not wish to receive any marketing information you can email us at registrations@itvision.com.au.
How we use your information
The personal information that we collect and hold about you will depend whether you are a customer or a non-customer.   The information will be used to establish and maintain relationships with you and also to keep you informed of any new products or services which become available. We may also use your information to contact you with regards to how we can best improve the services that we offer.
We will only share your personal information for the purposes that it was collected.  We will not disclose your personal information without your express consent.  The IT Vision website has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of any information under our control.  Once received, information is stored in a password-protected database only accessible to the system administrator from a secure login.  We will take all necessary and reasonable precautions to keep your personal information from misuse or loss.
Updating your information
You may at any time update your details or ask us to remove your details by contacting us at registrations@itvision.com.au.
Cookies and IP addresses
IT Vision may use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our website.  Our website also uses cookies which are small files holding non-personal information but which may link back to a record about you.   If you do not wish us to record the information you can set your browser to reject cookies.
Third Party Sites
The IT Vision website contains links to third party sites and is not responsible for the privacy practises of any of these sites.
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this website, you can contact sales@itvision.com.au.
© IT Vision
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Site by
Market Creations