http://www.pdf-tools.com/pdf20/en/masthead-privacy-and-legal/
HomeMasthead, privacy and legal
Masthead, Privacy and Legal
Masthead Privacy policy of PDF Tools AG Legal notices
Masthead
Responsible for Content
PDF Tools AGKasernenstrasse 18184 BachenbülachTel: 043 411 44 51Fax: 043 411 44 55Email to pdfmarketing
Privacy policy of PDF Tools AG
1.1 General provisions
This privacy policy describes how, why, and to what extent personal data is processed by PDF Tools AG (PDF Tools AG, Geerenstrasse 33, 8185 Winkel, Switzerland). PDF Tools complies with the relevant data protection regulations when processing personal data.
All employees of PDF Tools are obliged to maintain confidentiality, and signed a corresponding non-disclosure agreement at the beginning of their employment.
1.2 Processing of personal data
As soon as you contact PDF Tools, personal data will be collected from you and processed.
1.2.1 Evaluation and conclusion of contract
The following personal data will be collected when you enter into a contract with PDF Tools or register at MyPDFTools in order to evaluate a trial version of a product: Name, surname, company name, e-mail address, postal address, phone number, town/city, country, language, and (if you are registering for MyPDFTools) IP address. Additionally, the following data will be collected and processed for the purpose of performing the contract: Contract data (date, content, term), interaction data, and data concerning customer requirements.
PDF Tools processes this personal data in order to generate quotes, execute a contract, and for marketing purposes as described in section 1.2.3.
If a business relationship no longer exists between PDF Tools and the customer, the personal data will be deleted or anonymized unless PDF Tools is subject to a statutory duty to store the data.
1.2.2 Contact requests through the website or by e-mail
The following personal data is collected from contact requests by e-mail or the contact form on the website: Name, surname, e-mail address.
The data will be used to process the contact request and maintain the business relationship in accordance with section 1.2.1, as well as for marketing purposes as described in section 1.2.3.
After the contact request has been handled, the personal data will be deleted or anonymized unless PDF Tools is subject to a statutory duty to store data.
1.2.3 Marketing and newsletters
PDF Tools AG processes the data provided to it by customers verbally, in writing, or electronically, including for marketing purposes. This serves the purposes of providing the customer with personalized advice, generating quotes for products and services of PDF Tools AG tailored to the specific requirements of the customer, sending a newsletter, and improving the services of PDF Tools AG.
PDF Tools AG processes the following categories of personal data for marketing purposes: Identification and contact data (name, surname, phone number, postal address, e-mail address, language), contract data (date, content, term), interaction data, and data concerning customer requirements.
PDF Tools provides a newsletter to which customers can subscribe by providing a valid e-mail address. Beyond the e-mail address, name, surname, salutation, and language, no other personal data is collected for the purpose of sending the newsletter. If you no longer wish to receive the newsletter, you can unsubscribe from it by clicking on “Unsubscribe from NewsFlash” in the newsletter and then completing the form in order to unsubscribe from the newsletter. You can also unsubscribe from the newsletter by sending an e-mail to pdfsales@pdf-tools.com. Once you have unsubscribed, you will no longer be sent the newsletter.
You can object in writing to your personal data being processed for marketing purposes with future effect, either generally or for specific channels. If you provide us with such a declaration, we will no longer contact you in a personal manner for marketing purposes. However, if you utilize one or more valid services, your data will remain in the database of PDF Tools AG in order to render the services and will be used to execute transactions.
You can object to receiving advertisements by sending an email to pdfsales@pdf-tools.com.
1.2.4 Legal grounds under the General Data Protection Regulation
Where the European General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) applies, the relevant legal grounds are as follows: Article 6 (1a) (consent provided when registering for MyPDFTools, subscribing to the newsletter, and using social media plugins), Article 6 (1b) (performance of a contract), Article 6 (1c) (conformance with a legal obligation), and Article 6 (1f) (legitimate interests in the processing of data for marketing purposes and in the use of cookies).
1.3 Disclosure of personal data
All data is stored by PDF Tools electronically on internal servers located in Switzerland.
The personal data collected by Google Analytics and social media plugins is stored on Google servers (see section 1.6).
1.4 Rights of access, of rectification, of erasure, and to object
You have the right to be informed of which data is being held about you and to have it rectified or deleted, subject to statutory retention periods or other legitimate interests of PDF Tools AG. If you have given us permission to process your personal data, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
Requests for information, rectification, and deletion, as well as objections, can be sent to pdfsales@pdf-tools.com.
1.5 Technical and organizational security measures
We take appropriate technical and organizational security measures to protect your personal data.
1.6 Cookies / Social Media Plugins / Google Analytics
PDF Tools uses cookies on this website. Cookies are small text files that are stored on your end device. Your browser accesses these files.
Generally speaking, you can prevent or restrict the use of cookies by changing your browser settings, or even set your browser to notify you whenever a website tries to install a cookie. See the help menu of your browser for instructions on how to do this.
However, please note that certain cookies are necessary if you wish to use our website or certain features. If these cookies are missing, we cannot guarantee that you will be able to access all of the features of this website.
The cookies we use are deleted automatically within 30 minutes of your last interaction on our website.
PDF Tools uses the service Google Analytics, a Web analytics service provided by Google Inc. (1600 Amphitheatre Parkway Mountain View, CA 94043, USA), on its website.
The information collected by the cookies is usually transmitted to a Google server and stored there.
The IP address sent by your browser through Google Analytics is not associated with other data held by Google. Additionally, we have added the code to anonymize the IP address to Google Analytics on this website. This code masks your IP address, ensuring that all collected data is anonymous. Only in exceptional cases will your full IP address be transmitted to a Google server and truncated there.
This data can be used to create anonymous user profiles that are stored in cookies. Third-party providers including Google embed adverts on websites. Using remarketing tags, third-party providers including Google use the cookies to place advertisements on the basis of your previous visits to our website. Without your express consent, the data collected using remarketing tags will not be used to personally identify you as a visitor to our website and will not be compiled with personal data through the anonymized user profile by PDF Tools.
For more information on how Google Inc. uses data, please see: support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245
You can prevent the collection of the data generated by the cookie relating to your use of the website (including your IP address) and the processing of this data by Google by downloading and installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on. Alternatively, you can deactivate the use of cookies by third-party providers by opening Ads Settings.
We use Hotjar in order to better understand our users’ needs and to optimize this service and experience. Hotjar is a technology service that helps us better understand our users’ experience (e.g. how much time they spend on which pages, which links they choose to click, what users do and don’t like, etc.) and this enables us to build and maintain our service with user feedback. Hotjar uses cookies and other technologies to collect data on our users’ behavior and their devices. This includes a device's IP address (processed during your session and stored in a de-identified form), device screen size, device type (unique device identifiers), browser information, geographic location (country only), and the preferred language used to display our website. Hotjar stores this information on our behalf in a pseudonymized user profile. Hotjar is contractually forbidden to sell any of the data collected on our behalf.For further details, please see the "about Hotjar" section of Hotjar’s support site.
No social media plugins are embedded on our website. A connection to the platform is only initialized if you actively click on the related symbol in order to visit the channel or share our content.
1.7 Contact
If you have any questions, you can contact us at the following address:
Postal address: PDF Tools AG, Geerenstrasse 33, 8185 Winkel
Phone: 043 411 44 51
Fax: 043 422 44 55
Email: pdfsales@pdf-tools.com
Contact form: www.pdf-tools.com/pdf20/en/contact/
Legal Notices
Thank you for visiting www.pdf-tools.com, the homepage of PDF Tools AG, Switzerland, “Premium PDF Technology”. The following are important legal notices and other terms and conditions of using our website. By using this website, you agree to these terms and conditions. If you do not agree, please do not use our website.
Copyright
Since you are probably a software developer, integrator, reseller or other software professional, you are no doubt familiar with the concept of copyright. The content of this website, including, without limitation, any software available from this website, the text and images herein and their arrangement, are copyright © by PDF Tools AG, ("PDF Tools"). All Rights Reserved.Visitors may make a single copy of information published on PDF Tools website for their personal, non-commercial use. Except as expressly provided in the preceding sentence, nothing contained herein shall be construed as conferring any license or right under any PDF Tools copyright.Any software that is downloaded from our website is deemed to be licensed to you by PDF Tools on a non-exclusive basis and within the scope of use described herein and in the general license agreements of PDF Tools accompanying such software. Neither title nor intellectual property rights are transferred to you, but remain with PDF Tools, who owns full and complete title. You may not decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble, modify or otherwise convert the Software to a human perceivable form. Any reproduction or redistribution of such software is expressly prohibited by law, unless explicitly and written agreed by PDF Tools.
Disclaimer
The information and content published and materials available on PDF Tools website are provided without charge as a convenience to our visitors and are to be used for informational purposes only. While PDF Tools has tried to provide accurate, timely information, there may be inadvertent technical or factual inaccuracies, for which we apologize. PDF Tools makes no representations about the accuracy or suitability of the content of this website for any purpose. All content is provided "as is" without any warranty of any kind. PDF Tools hereby disclaims all warranties and conditions with regard to the materials available on this website, including, but not limited to, all implied warranties of merchantability, usability for a particular purpose, title and non-infringement. Basically, the legal and commercial relationship of and to PDF Tools is defined in the General License Agreements or specific written Agreements of PDF Tools. In no event shall PDF Tools be liable for any special, indirect, exemplary or consequential damages or any damages whatsoever, including, but not limited to, loss of use, data or profits, without regard to the form of any actions, arising out of or in connection with the use, copying or display of the materials available on this website.From time to time changes are made to the content herein. PDF Tools may make changes in the products and/or the services described herein at any time.
Hyperlinks
The links to external sites available herein are not under the control of PDF Tools. Accordingly, PDF Tools makes no representations whatsoever concerning the content of those sites. The fact that PDF Tools has provided a link to a site is not necessarily an endorsement, authorization, sponsorship or affiliation by PDF Tools with respect to such site, its owners or its providers. PDF Tools is providing these links only as a convenience to our visitors. PDF Tools has not tested any information, software or products found on these sites.
Submissions
PDF Tools will treat any remarks, suggestions, requests or ideas communicated to PDF Tools through this website as non-confidential. PDF Tools will be entitled to use any such submissions for any commercial or other purpose whatsoever, without compensation to you or any other person sending the submission.
Trademarks
“3-HEIGHTS™” is a registered trademark of PDF Tools AG. Product and service names profiled herein are trademarks and service marks of PDF Tools AG.
Jurisdiction
PDF Tools controls and operates this website from Zurich, Switzerland, and makes no representation that these materials are appropriate or available for use in other locations. If you use this website from other locations you are responsible for conformance with applicable local laws. Some software from this website may be subject to export or import controls and may not be downloaded or otherwise exported or re-exported: (a) into (or to a national or resident of) any country. If you download or use any software available on the website, you represent and warrant that you are not located in, or under the control of, or a national of any such country.
Licensing
All of PDF Tools software products are subject to the terms and conditions of the General License Agreements which covers the use of such software. Nothing printed on this website will have the effect of modifying the terms of any PDF Tools license agreement.
© PDF Tools AG
ProductsPDF renderingPDF converter & validationPDF manipulationPDF optimizationPDF security & signaturePricing and licensingResourcesWhite papersPDF ISO standardsPDF glossaryVideosPublicationsSupportGeneral informationLicense ManagementUtilitiesRelease ManagementPlatform RequirementsRelease notesFAQ - Frequently Asked QuestionsAbout usPortraitCustomersAlliancesContactsNewsCareer
My PDF ToolsContact
ENDEFR