http://www.installaware.com/privacy-statement.htm
Privacy Policy Statement
Home
Privacy Policy Statement
BUY NOW
DOWNLOAD NOW
Privacy Policy
(Last Updated: May 24, 2018)
The following statement discloses the consumer
privacy practices of InstallAware Software
("InstallAware") for
the InstallAware Web Site (this "Site").
By using this Site, you are deemed to consent to our privacy
practices. If you do not consent to these privacy practices,
do not use this Site or download any materials from it.
We do revise and update our privacy practices
from time to time. In general, we do not provide specific
notification of such updates, and we reserve the right make
them without any notice to you. You should visit this page,
at least once every thirty days, to review our then-current
privacy practices, because they are binding on you. All updates
will be published at this site. Your continued use of this
Site shall be considered your consent to any revised privacy
practices.
Your Privacy
Use of Personally Identifiable Information
In general, you can visit this Site without
telling us who you are or revealing any personal information
about yourself. However, some areas of this Site ("Channels") may require you to provide certain personally
identifiable information, which may include your email address to receive InstallAware software passwords (the download Channel), or your name and InstallAware account password to download your purchased software (the license Channel), or your name, forum account password, and timezone to participate in peer support forums (the forum Channel). Information collected within a Channel is held exclusively within that Channel and is inaccessible to other Channels found on this Site. We do not collect
any other personally identifiable information from you on this Site. If you choose
not to provide some of the information we request, you can
still visit much of this Site, but you may be unable to access
certain options, offers and services such as downloading trial
or evaluation software.
As a condition of being allowed to use said options, offers, and services of this Site, you may be contacted from time to time by us and/or
one of our affiliates, representatives or partners by email, on one or more Channels, to provide
you with the information about
products and/or services
offered by InstallAware or its affiliates
or partners that we or they think may be of interest to you.
InstallAware provides a
number of ways for you to "opt-out" of receiving
emails from us or having us provide
your email to our partners. We may offer you
these choices at the time you receive an email, or if such a choice is not offered as part of an email you receive, we ask you to directly reply to the latest email you received with your request to "opt-out", either option of which will remove you from that particular Channel delivering the email. You may "opt-out" of all Channels found on this Site by repeating the process for each Channel. However,
the availability of certain offers and services such as downloading
trial or evaluation software may be conditioned upon your
agreement to permit InstallAware or our business
partners to contact you.
Since InstallAware is a
global company, we provide company information to our worldwide
offices. The personal information that you have provided to
us may be transferred to other InstallAware
offices around the world. For example, when European customers
register InstallAware products, their personal
information may be transferred to servers in the United States
then transferred to servers in one or more of InstallAware's
European offices. Also, in certain countries our outside contractors
and partners might undertake the collection, transferring,
storage and processing of your information.
Please be advised that in certain instances,
it may be necessary for InstallAware to disclose
your personal information to federal, state and local government
officials in the U.S. or overseas or otherwise as required
by our legal obligations.
Personal data privacy is a new and evolving
area, and mistakes and miscommunication are possible. We will
do our best to maintain the accuracy of your personal information.
To make changes to our records of your personal information,
please contact us.
Use of Cookies
InstallAware may use cookies
from time to time. Cookies are small text files a Web site
can use to recognize a repeat visitor to the Web site. We
use cookies for various reasons. Cookies enable us to provide
you with a better experience by allowing us to understand
what areas of this Site are of interest to our members. These
cookies do not track individual information. Cookies from
InstallAware can only be read by InstallAware
Web sites. If you do not want InstallAware
to deploy cookies in your browser, you can set your browser
to reject cookies or to notify you when a Web site tries to
put a cookie in your browser software. If you choose to disable
cookies in your browser, you can still access most of this
Site, however, your ability to use some of the products and/or
services at this Site may be affected.
Password
Certain Channels provide you with a password to allow you to access
private areas of this Site. You are responsible for maintaining
the confidentiality of all your passwords.
You shall be responsible for all uses of your passwords, whether
or not authorized by you. You agree to immediately notify
us of any unauthorized use of any of your passwords.
Links to Third Party Web Sites
At this Site, there may be links to companies
with whom we have a relationship. InstallAware
is not responsible for the privacy practices of our business
partners. We encourage you to read their privacy statements,
as they may differ from ours.
We may also link to co-branded Web sites
from time to time that are maintained by one or more of our business partners. An example of
a co-branded site is www.payproglobal.com. When you submit
information to one of our co-branded sites you may be submitting
it to our business
partners and the privacy policies of these co-branded sites
may differ from this privacy policy. We encourage you to read
the privacy policies on any co-branded site to which you link
for information on the privacy practices of that site.
Please remember that any information you
submit in a chat group or forum will be deemed public information
and is not confidential. There is a risk in such communication
venues that information can be collected and used by others.
Please be careful and responsible when you are online.
Contact Us
Legal
Site Map
Terms of Use
Trademarks
Privacy
© 2020 InstallAware Software. All rights reserved.