https://www.froglogic.com/privacy-policy/
froglogic / Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Commitment to Data Privacy Protection
Protecting the security and privacy of your personal data is important to froglogic; therefore, we conduct our business in compliance with applicable laws on data privacy protection and data security. We hope the policy outlined below will help you understand what data froglogic may collect, how froglogic uses and safeguards that data and with whom we may share it.
Personal data
Through our Web sites, froglogic will not collect any personal data about you (e.g. your name, address, telephone number or e-mail address), unless you voluntarily choose to provide us with it (e.g. by registration, survey), respectively, provide your consent, or unless otherwise permitted by applicable laws and regulations for the protection of your personal data.
Purpose of Use
When you do provide us with personal data, we usually use it to respond to your inquiry, process your order or provide you access to specific information or offers. Also, to support our customer relationship with you:
we may store and process personal data and share it with our worldwide affiliates to better understand your business needs and how we can improve our products and services; orwe (or a third party on our behalf) may use personal data to contact you about a froglogic offer in support of your business needs or to conduct online surveys to understand better our customers’ needs.
Newsletter
You may provide us with your personal data, so we can send you informations about our products and related services at irregular intervals. When you provide us your personal data, we make it clear, that it will be used for the above purpose and we will ask for your consent.
You may opt-out of receiving our newsletter at any time, i.e. withdraw your consent. Each mail contains information about unsubscribing from our newsletter.
Interest in froglogic products
You may apply for a product trial. We ask you to provide us with certain personal data which we require to enable your access to the product trial. By entering your personal data, you then explicitly allow froglogic to use this personal data to contact you about your product trial.
Should you, however, at any time no longer wish to be contacted by us, please tell us by sending an e-mail squish@froglogic.com.
Purpose Limitation
froglogic will collect, use or disclose personal data supplied by you online only for the purposes disclosed to you, unless the disclosure:
is a use of the personal data for any additional purpose that is directly related to the original purpose for which the personal data was collected,is necessary to prepare, negotiate and perform a contract with you,is required by law or the competent governmental or judicial authorities,is necessary to establish or preserve a legal claim or defense,is necessary to prevent fraud or other illegal activities, such as willful attacks on froglogic information technology systems.
Communications or Utilization Data
Through your use of telecommunications services to access our Web site, your communications data (e.g. Internet protocol address) or utilization data (e.g. information on the beginning, end and extent of each access, and information on the telecommunications services you accessed) are technically generated and could conceivably relate to personal data. To the extent that there is a compelling necessity, the collection, processing and use of your communications or utilization data will occur and will be performed in accordance with the applicable data privacy protection legal framework.
Non-Personal Data Collected Automatically
When you access our Web sites, we may automatically (i.e., not by registration) collect non-personal data (e.g. type of Internet browser and operating system used, domain name of the Web site from which you came, number of visits, average time spent on the site, pages viewed). We may use this data and share it with our worldwide affiliates to monitor the attractiveness of our Web sites and improve their performance or content.
“Cookies” – Information Stored Automatically on Your Computer
When you view one of our Web sites, we may store some data on your computer in the form of a “cookie” to automatically recognize your PC next time you visit. Cookies can help us in many ways, for example, by allowing us to tailor a Web site to better match your interests or to store your password to save you having to re-enter it each time. If you do not wish to receive cookies, please configure your Internet browser to erase all cookies from your computer’s hard drive, block all cookies or to receive a warning before a cookie is stored.
Security
To protect your personal data against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss or alteration and against unauthorized disclosure or access, froglogic uses technical and organizational security measures.
Right to Access, Review, Change or Delete Personal Information
Depending on the jurisdiction, you may have certain rights regarding the personal information we hold about you. These include the rights to access, correct, delete, restrict, or object to our use of those information. You may contact us at contact@froglogic.com at any time to request access to the personal data we hold about you, to correct any mistakes or to request deletion of the same or withdraw your consent to certain types of processing of your personal data. While we will make reasonable efforts to accommodate your request, we also reserve the right to impose certain restrictions and requirements on your requests, if allowed or required by applicable laws.
Links to Other Web Sites
froglogic Web sites contain links to other Web sites. froglogic is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of other Web sites.
Questions and Comments
If you have any questions or comments about the froglogic Data Privacy Protection Policy, please e-mail us your questions and feedback to contact@froglogic.com. As the Internet matures, so will our Data Privacy Protection Policy. We will post changes to our Data Privacy Protection Policy on this page. Please check this page regularly to keep up-to-date.
Google Analytics
froglogic uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States.In case of activation of the IP anonymization, Google will truncate/anonymize the last octet of the IP address for Member States of the European Union as well as for other parties to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases, the full IP address is sent to and shortened by Google servers in the USA.
On behalf of the website provider Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage to the website provider. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser. However, froglogic points out that if you do this, you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website.
Furthermore you can prevent Google’s collection and use of data (cookies and IP address) by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available under https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en. Please note that on this website, Google Analytics code is configured with “anonymize_ip” to be true to ensure an anonymized collection of IP addresses (so called IP-masking).
Copyright © 2020 froglogic GmbH. All rights reserved.
Contact Info
Privacy Policy
We would love to improve this site! For this, we ask you for permission to use
a cookie (a piece of data stored in your web browser) which helps us understand
how the site is used.
Sure, go ahead!
Sorry, no
Please refer to our Privacy Policy in case you change your mind, or if you want to learn more about how we take care of your privacy.
Copy link
CopyCopied
Powered by Social Snap