http://www.epic.org/privacy/biometrics/oasis_comments.html
Statement
for the Record of
Marc
Rotenberg, Executive Director
And
Ruchika Agrawal,
IPIOP Science Policy Fellow
Electronic Privacy
Information Center (EPIC)
Comments
on the OASIS XML Common Biometric
Format (XCBF) 1.0 Committee Specification
Before
the OASIS
XML Common Biometric Format (XCBF) Technical Committee
February
28, 2003
XCBF 1.0 Has Confused Security With Privacy      The Electronic
Information Privacy Center (EPIC)*, a public interest research center that has
extensive expertise in privacy, submits the following comments on the OASIS XML
Common Biometric Format (XCBF) 1.0 Committee Specification.
In submitting
our comments, EPIC understands that biometrics entail automated methods of
recognizing persons based on physiological or behavioral characteristics; that
biometrics are used to recognize the identity of an individual or to verify a
claimed identity; that XCBF offers a standard XML schema for biometrics, which
describes information that verifies identity based on human characteristics
including fingerprints, iris scans, hand geometry, and DNA; and that these XML
encodings are based on the ASN.1 schema defined in ANSI X9.84:2003 Biometric
Information Management and Security (and
therefore respect the X9.96 XML Cryptographic Message Syntax security requirements).      The XCBF 1.0 specification – while it may respect security standards – cannot be fairly or accurately
described as respecting or achieving privacy.  Technologies or protocols that respect privacy assist in minimizing
or eliminating the collection of personally identifiable information.  For example, anonymous remailers allow
users to anonymously send emails and post to newsgroups, by not log incoming
and outgoing traffic information and stripping email headers of personally
identifiable information.  As
another example, digital tickets authorize the ticket-holder to perform some
action without collecting or transferring personally identifiable information
of the ticket-holder. By contrast, techniques that enable the collection of
personally identifiable information in the absence of enforceable legal rights
or technical safeguards necessarily create a new risk that personal information
will be misused.      Security is not
tantamount to privacy.
Technologies that respect security may prevent unauthorized parties from
gaining access to protected data – and XCBF 1.0 seems to achieve this goal – but such standards say nothing about the how the information will be used or
whether authorized parties will use information in a way that is detrimental to
the interests of the data subject.
Because
standardization of biometric data in machine-readable format makes massive and
efficient automated data aggregation techniques much simpler, more careful
consideration and actual deliberation of privacy safeguards is crucial. None of
this is reflected in the current proposal.      We recommend that the
specification be changed to acknowledge that XCBF 1.0 does not respect privacy,
and recommend further research into implementing privacy safeguards within the
protocol. Sincerely,
Marc Rotenberg, Executive Director
Ruchika Agrawal, IPIOP Science Policy Fellow
EPIC   *EPIC is a public interest research center in Washington,
D.C. that has extensive expertise in privacy.  It was established in 1994 to focus public attention on
emerging civil liberties issues and to protect privacy, the First Amendment,
and constitutional values.  Since
its founding, EPIC has participated in extensive agency comment, litigation,
and public education to promote privacy and civil liberties.
For more in depth discussions on technologies or protocols that respect
privacy, see: Anonymizer.com; http://www.anonymizer.com/ (visited on
October 22, 2002).
Stefan Brands; "A Technical Overview of Digital
Credentials"; February 20, 2002; http://citeseer.nj.nec.com/brands02technical.html. Stefan A.Brands; "Untraceable Off-line Cash in Wallets with
Observers"; Advances in Cryptography-CRYPTO '93; Springer-Verlag; 1994; p.302-318. Herbert Burkert; "Privacy-Enhancing Technologies:  Typology, Critique, Vision"; Technology
and Privacy:  The New Landscape
edited by Philip Agre and Marc Rotenberg; The MIT Press (Cambridge, 1997).
David Chaum; "Achieving Electronic Privacy";  Scientific American, August 1992; p. 96-101; http://ntrg.cs.tcd.ie/mepeirce/Project/Chaum/sciam.html. David Chaum; "Prepaid Smart Card Techniques: A Brief
Introduction and Comparison"; Digicash; 1994; http://ntrg.cs.tcd.ie/mepeirce/Project/Chaum/cardcom.html. Roger Clarke; "Roger Clarke's PITs
and PETs Resources Site"; http://www.anu.edu.au/people/Roger.Clarke/DV/PITsPETsRes.html#Orig
(visited on October 21, 2002).
Whitfield Diffie and Martin E. Hellman; "New Directions in
Cryptography"; IEEE Transactioins on Information Theory;
IT-22(6); November  1976. Roger Dingledine, Michael J. Freedman, David Molnar;
"The Free Haven Project: Distributed Anonymous Storage Service";
December 17, 2000; http://citeseer.nj.nec.com/543510.html.
Simson Garfinkel; PGP:  Pretty Good Privacy; O'Reilly & Associates, Inc.
(Sebastopol, 1995). Simson Garfinkel with Gene Spafford; Web Security,
Privacy & Commerce; O'Reilly & Associates, Inc. (Beijing, 2002);
Second Edition; p. 262-283. Simson L. Garfinkel and Abhi Shelat; "Remembrance of Data
Passed:  A Study of Disk
Sanitization Practices"; IEEE Security & Privacy; January/February 2003. "Privacy-Enhancing Technologies: The Path to
Anonymity"; Volume 1; Joint report by the Dutch Data Protection Authority
(RGK) and the Information and Privacy Commissioner for the Province of Ontario,
Canada (IPC); August 1995. Marc Rotenberg, Director of Electronic Privacy Information Center;
Hearing on S. 809, The Online Privacy Protection Act of 1999, Before the
Subcommittee on Communications Committee on Commerce, Science and
Transportation, U.S. Senate; July 27, 1999; www.epic.org/privacy/internet/EPIC_testimony_799.pdf. Marc Rotenberg, Director of Electronic Privacy Information
Center; "Privacy in the Commercial World"; Before the Committee on Energy and
Commerce, U.S. House of Representatives, March 1, 2001; http://energycommerce.house.gov/107/hearings/03012001Hearing43/Rotenberg68.htm. Marc Rotenberg; "A Way Forward for Data Protection:  Privacy Enhancing Technology"; the PARLIAMENT Magazine; September 30, 2002. Marc Rotenberg, Privacy Law Sourcebook: United States
Law, International Law, and Recent Developments (EPIC 2002). Bruce Schneier; Applied Cryptography; John Wiley
& Sons, Inc. (New York, 1996); p. 126-127, p. 220-222, and generally. Daniel J. Solove and Marc Rotenber; Information Privacy
Law; Aspen Publishers (New York, 2003; p. 27-33 and generally. Peter Wayner; Translucent Databases; Flyzone Press
(Baltimore, 2002); p.13, p.
129-131, and generally.