http://www.miltonterry.com/pages/privacy-policy
Sign in
Sign up
We've sent you an email with a link to update your password.
A password reset email has been sent to the email address on file for your account, but may take several minutes to show up in your inbox. Please wait at least 10 minutes before attempting another reset.
Email *
Password *
LoginRegister
Forgot your password?
No account yet?
Registering for this site allows you to access your order status and history. Just fill in the fields below, and we’ll get a new account set up for you in no time. We will only ask you for information necessary to make the purchase process faster and easier.
Create an Account
Login
MenuCategoriesHome
Pre-Owned Furniture
Back
Pre-Owned FurnitureDesksSeatingFiles & StorageCubicles & WorkstationsConference TablesMiscellaneous
New Furniture
Back
New FurnitureDesksSeatingFiles & StorageCubicles & WorkstationsConference TablesCatalog
Clearance
Liquidations
Back
LiquidationsWayne, NJParsippany, NJNew York City
BlogContact UsLogin / RegisterWishlist
Desks
Seating
Files / Storage
Cubicles / Workstations
Conference Tables
Miscellaneous
translation missing: en.general.search.close_search
Browse our Pre-owned Products
Privacy Policy
Commercial Furniture Resource, Inc. Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy describes how your personal information is collected, used, and shared when you visit or make a purchase from https://www.CFRDirect.com (the “Site”).
PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT
When you visit the Site, we automatically collect certain information about your device, including information about your web browser, IP address, time zone, and some of the cookies that are installed on your device. Additionally, as you browse the Site, we collect information about the individual web pages or products that you view, what websites or search terms referred you to the Site, and information about how you interact with the Site. We refer to this automatically-collected information as “Device Information.”
We collect Device Information using the following technologies:
- “Cookies” are data files that are placed on your device or computer and often include an anonymous unique identifier. For more information about cookies, and how to disable cookies, visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org.
- “Log files” track actions occurring on the Site, and collect data including your IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, referring/exit pages, and date/time stamps.
- “Web beacons,” “tags,” and “pixels” are electronic files used to record information about how you browse the Site.
Additionally, when you make a purchase or attempt to make a purchase through the Site, we collect certain information from you, including your name, billing address, shipping address, payment information (including credit card numbers), email address, and phone number. We refer to this information as “Order Information.”
When we talk about “Personal Information” in this Privacy Policy, we are talking both about Device Information and Order Information.
HOW DO WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
We use the Order Information that we collect generally to fulfill any orders placed through the Site (including processing your payment information, arranging for shipping, and providing you with invoices and/or order confirmations). Additionally, we use this Order Information to:
- Communicate with you;
- Screen our orders for potential risk or fraud; and
- When in line with the preferences you have shared with us, provide you with information or advertising relating to our products or services.
We use the Device Information that we collect to help us screen for potential risk and fraud (in particular, your IP address), and more generally to improve and optimize our Site (for example, by generating analytics about how our customers browse and interact with the Site, and to assess the success of our marketing and advertising campaigns).
SHARING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We share your Personal Information with third parties to help us use your Personal Information, as described above. We use Google Analytics to help us understand how our customers use the Site--you can read more about how Google uses your Personal Information here: https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/.
You can also opt-out of Google Analytics here: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Finally, we may also share your Personal Information to comply with applicable laws and regulations, to respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other lawful request for information we receive, or to otherwise protect our rights.
BEHAVIOURAL ADVERTISING
As described above, we use your Personal Information to provide you with targeted advertisements or marketing communications we believe may be of interest to you. For more information about how targeted advertising works, you can visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s (“NAI”) educational page at http://www.networkadvertising.org/understanding-online-advertising/how-does-it-work.
You can opt out of targeted advertising by:
FACEBOOK - https://www.facebook.com/settings/?tab=adsGOOGLE - https://www.google.com/settings/ads/anonymousBING - https://advertise.bingads.microsoft.com/en-us/resources/policies/personalized-ads
Additionally, you can opt out of some of these services by visiting the Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out portal at: http://optout.aboutads.info/.
DO NOT TRACK
Please note that we do not alter our Site’s data collection and use practices when we see a Do Not Track signal from your browser.
YOUR RIGHTS
If you are a European resident, you have the right to access personal information we hold about you and to ask that your personal information be corrected, updated, or deleted. If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us through the contact information below.
Additionally, if you are a European resident we note that we are processing your information in order to fulfill contracts we might have with you (for example if you make an order through the Site), or otherwise to pursue our legitimate business interests listed above. Additionally, please note that your information will be transferred outside of Europe, including to Canada and the United States.
DATA RETENTION
When you place an order through the Site, we will maintain your Order Information for our records unless and until you ask us to delete this information.
CHANGES
We may update this privacy policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons.
COPYRIGHT
The materials found on the Web Site are protected by United States and other copyright laws, except for works of the United States Government pursuant to 1 U.S.C. Section 105. The selection, arrangement and presentation of all materials (including information in the public domain), and the overall design of the Web Site are copyright (c) January 1, 2012, Commercial Furniture Resource, Inc.. Permission is granted to view and print materials from www.CFRDirect.com for the non-commercial purpose of viewing, reading and retaining for reference. Any other copying, distribution, retransmission or modification of information or materials on this site, whether in electronic or hard copy form, without the express prior written permission of Commercial Furniture Resource, Inc., is strictly prohibited.
TRADEMARKS
Commercial Furniture Resource, CFRDirect & Furnishing Tomorrow's Office with the Past (is/are) trademarks or service marks of Commercial Furniture Resource, Inc.
NO WARRANTIES
www.cfrdirect.com does not make any express or implied warranties, representations or endorsements whatsoever (including, without limitation, the implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose) with regard to the web site, the materials, any products, information or service provided through the web site, or any sites listed therein, and the web site will not be liable for any cost or damage arising either directly or indirectly from any such transaction. the web site does not warrant that it will be uninterrupted or error-free or that defects in it will be corrected. the web site is provided on an "as is, as available" basis. in no event will the web site or its members, managers, officers, employees, agents and the assigns of same be liable for (1) any incidental, consequential or indirect damages (including, but not limited to, damages for loss of profits, business interruption, loss of programs or information, and the like) arising out of the use of or inability to use the web site, the materials or any information, or transactions provided on the web site or downloaded from the web site, even if the web site or its authorized representatives have been advised of the possibility of such damages, or (2) any claim attributable to errors, omissions or other inaccuracies in the web site, the materials and/or listings or information downloaded through the web site. because some states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, the above limitation may not apply to you. in such states, the web site's liability is limited to the greatest extent permitted by law.
INDEMNIFICATION
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Web Site and its members, managers, officers, employees, agents and the assigns of same, from and against any and all loss, costs, expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees and expenses), claims, damages and liabilities related to or associated with your use of the Web Site and any violation of this Privacy Policy by you.
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION
This Privacy Policy constitutes a contract made under and shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New Jersey.
LAST UPDATE
This Privacy Policy was last updated on May 24th, 2018.
CONTACT US
For more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if you would like to make a complaint, please contact us by using our contact form located at https://www.cfrdirect.com/contact-us or by mail using the details provided below:
319 Richard Mine Rd, Wharton, NJ, 07885, United States
1