http://www.cvisiontech.com/legal/general/privacy-policy.html
toggle menu
DownloadContactStore
Store
*
Home
Products
PDF Compressor
Maestro Server OCR
Rendition Server Enterprise
Foxit PDF Editor
PdfCompressor Developer’s SDK
OCR Engine
PDF Optimization Suite for Captiva
PDFOptimizer for OpenText Captiva
ImageOptimization for Documentum
PdfCompressor for Kofax
Solutions
Convert Electronic Documents to PDF
File Compression
OCR
PDF Conversion
PDF Linearization
PDF/A Compliance for Archiving
DocArchiver
Industries
Banking and Financial Services
Tax and Accounting
Legal
Legal Document Management
Specific Needs for Legal Market
Specific Needs for Legal Market
Government
Education
Healthcare
Insurance
Wireless Telecom
Scanning Bureaus
Web Repositories
ASPs
News & Media
Resources
PDF Compressor 8 Resource Hub
Document Archiving: A Quick Guide to PDF/A Subtypes
OCR and PDF Compressor Licensing
Resource Library
PdfCompressor Overview
Compression
White Papers
PDF/A Document Archiving Primer
Challenges and Complexity of Document Archiving
Converting Documents to a Standard Electronic Format
PDF Evolves into the Electronic Document Standard
PDF as a Records Management Document Solution
PDF/A: Document Solution for Archiving and RM
Advanced Document Compression Primer
Reduced Storage Costs
Improved Collaboration Capabilities
Fully Searchable PDF Files
PdfCompressor’s Adjustable Settings
PdfCompressor - Complementing Document Management Workflow
OCR Software Primer
Thresholding within OCR
Texture Patterns and Small Fonts OCR
OCR, Neural Networks and other Machine learning Techniques
OCR, Crytorithms, Cryptograms and Substitution Ciphers
CAPTCHA: Human and Machine Readability & OCR
OCR & Novel Fonts, Multidirectional and Undersampled Text
Relationship between OCR & JBIG2
OCR, MRC & JPEG2000
Reverse Video & OCR
OCR & How they relate to MFPs (MultiFunctional Peripheral devices)
Dictionary Lookup and OCR
Rating an OCR System
Tweaking the System to Optimize OCR Performance
Searchable PDF using OCR
Electronic File Conversion & OCR
Bar Codes, OCR & ICR
OCR & Form Recognition
Data Extraction with OCR
Business Process Automation and How it Relates to OCR
OCR-based ROI
Towards the Paperless Office
JBIG2 Compression Primer
The Business Case for JBIG2 Compression
JBIG2 Compression Success Stories
JBIG2: A short history
Digital file formats: The short definition of JBIG2
JBIG2 and TIFF compared
JBIG2 and JBIG Comparison
Essential compression issues
Smart Compression Codecs: JBIG2, JPEG2000, and MPEG4
JBIG2: The Compression Connection
The JBIG2 Standard
Lossless, Lossy, and Perceptually Lossless Compression
JBIG2 Technical Advantages for Business Solutions
JBIG2 Technical Advantages: File Size
Efficient Encoding
OCR Support within PDF Format
PDF Web Optimization
Scanner Distortions Resolved
JBIG2-Compressed PDF Documents
Pattern Matching & Substitution
The Dangers of PM&S: Proceed with Caution
Verification
Halftoning in JBIG2
Utilizing a JBIG2 Encoder with No Information Loss
Overview: Benefits of PDF Compression and PDF Conversion
JBIG2 Compression Summary
Product Video Tutorials
PdfCompressor Demo Video
Maestro Demo Video
News & Events
Document Imaging Blog
Subscribe to the Visionary Newsletter
Support
Support Login
System Requirements
Documentation
FAQs
Automatic Licensing Documentation
OCR Languages Supported
Submit a Ticket
About Us
Company Information
Partners
Success Stories
The Debt Exchange Celebrates 7 Years of Outstanding OCR Support from CVISION
File Compression and Dept. of Homeland Security
Legal Industry Enjoys Freedom from Paper
University benefits from Improved Document Capture
Media Organization enjoys benefits of OCR, compression, conversion
Law Firm benefits from Auto-Routing & Filing of Image Documents
Improved Efficiency for the Legal Industry
New York City based law firm accelerates document efficiency with OCR
Leading hospital optimizes documents with compression and OCR
Global financial company utilizes digital mailroom
Energy Consulting and Construction Company Improves Document Accessibility
Manufacturing Company Reduces Accounts Payable Costs with Advanced Solution
Frontier Farm Credit Optimizes Accessibility with Distributed Capture Solution
Technology Company Reduces Storage Costs
CVISION Provides American Radio History a PDF Optimization Solution
Top 5 Global Financial Firm Processes 1.25 Billion Pages Yearly with PdfCompressor
Global Law Firm Resolves Bottleneck of Scanning and OCR with CVISION
Leading Distribution Company Realizes ROI Within 6 Months
Non-Profit Leverages Compression for Document Workflow
Large Government Agency Uses Compression to Accelerate File Transmission and Retrieval
Global Credit Card Company Accelerates Merchant Statement Processing Speed
Global Power Industry Leader Increases Document Handling Efficiency by More Than 50% with PdfCompressor
Argus der Presse Case Study
Healthcare Provider Improves Patient Care with Maestro OCR Software for EHR
Government Agency Improves OCR Efficiency with PdfCompressor
Client Testimonials
Customer Feedback
Careers
Contact
Home
Privacy
Privacy
m. Conductor
Conductor Searchlight (2 Park Ave, New York, NY 10016) is an SEO (search engine optimization) analytics platform that organizes the generalized web traffic data collected by Google Analytics for the CVISION website. Conductor does not collect personal information from users.
Social media plug-ins
We use Social Plug-ins on our website from Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, LinkedIn, Instagram, Snapchat, HootSuite, and Google+ to increase CVISION’s awareness and promotional purposes.
Responsibility for the operation compliant with data protection is to be guaranteed by their respective providers. The integration of these plug-ins by us is done by means of the so-called two-click method to protect visitors to our website in the best possible way.
a. Facebook Connect
This website uses the "Facebook Connect" service provided by Facebook Inc. (1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA). When using Facebook Connect, Facebook profile data and on Facebook public data from your Facebook profile are transmitted to this website. Conversely, data from the CVISION website can also be transferred to your Facebook profile. Your transmitted data will be stored and processed by CVISION for registration on the CVISION Platform. By registering on our website via Facebook Connect, you consent to the transmission of profile data from your Facebook profile to CVISION as well as the transmission of data on the use of CVISION to Facebook.
In the event that personal information is transferred to the USA, Facebook has submitted to the EU-US Privacy Shield. The legal basis is the fulfillment of the contract or the implementation of pre-contractual measures.
For more information about Facebook Connect and Privacy Settings, please refer to the Facebook Privacy Policy and Terms of Use at http://www.facebook.com/policy.php.
b. Twitter
This website uses a plugin of the short message network of Twitter Inc. (Twitter). The Twitter plugin (tweet button) can be recognized by the Twitter logo on our site. An overview of tweet buttons can be found here (https://about.twitter.com/resources/buttons). When you visit a page of our website that contains such a plugin, a direct connection is established between your browser and the Twitter server. Twitter receives the information that you have visited our site with your IP address. If you click on the Twitter "tweet button" while logged in to your Twitter account, you can link the contents of our pages to your Twitter profile. This allows Twitter to associate your visit to our pages with your user account. We point out that we as the provider of the pages are not aware of the content of the transmitted data and their use by Twitter. If you do not want Twitter to associate your visit to our pages, please log out of your Twitter account.
Legal basis is the Contract fulfillment or the Execution of pre-contractual measures.
Further information can be found in the privacy policy of Twitter.
.
c. Google+
The site offers the opportunity to sign in with your Google Account (Google Sign-In for Websites). It is a service of Google Inc., (1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA ("Google")). If you want to use this feature, you will first be redirected to a Google site.
There you will be asked to log in with your username and password. We do not take note of your registration data. Afterward, your Google contact information will be sent to us if you confirm this process with the "Login" button.
There is no permanent link between your customer account and your Google account.
If you're logged in to Google+, Google can instantly associate your visit to our website with your Google+ profile. If you interact with the plugins, for example by pressing the "+1" button, the corresponding information is also transmitted directly to a Google server and stored there. The information will also be published on Google+ and displayed there to your contacts.
The purpose and scope of the data collection and the further processing and use of the data by Google as well as your rights in this regard and setting options for the protection of your privacy can be found in the data protection information provided by Google: https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/.
If you do not want Google to immediately associate the data collected through our website with your profile on Google+, you'll need to log out of Google+ before you visit our website. You can completely prevent the loading of Google Plugins even with add-ons for your browser with the script blocker "NoScript" (http://noscript.net/). The legal basis is the fulfillment of the contract or the implementation of pre-contractual measures.
For more information about signing up with Google and the privacy settings, please refer to the Google Privacy Policy.
d. YouTube
We use the provider YouTube for the integration of videos. YouTube is operated by YouTube LLC, headquartered at 901 Cherry Avenue, San Bruno, CA 94066, USA. YouTube is represented by Google Inc., located at 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA. When you visit the subpages of our website that have a YouTube plugin, they will connect to the YouTube servers and display the plugin. This will tell the YouTube server which of our subpages you have visited. If you are logged in as a member of YouTube, YouTube assigns this information to your personal user account. When using the plugin such as clicking the start button of a video, this information is also assigned to your user account. For more information about data processing and privacy by YouTube (Google), please visit www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/. If the Do-Not-Track feature is activated in the browser, no external YouTube content will be loaded without the consent, only the reference to this option (Play button) will be displayed.
You can prevent the collection of data generated by cookies and related to your use of this website as well as the processing of this data by Google by entering into the Google Settings and disabling the "Personalized Advertising on the Web" option. In that case, Google will only display non-individualized advertising. In the event that personal data is transferred to the USA, Google and the affiliate YouTube is subjected to the EU-US Privacy Shield. The legal basis is on our legitimate interest in the integration of video and image content.
More information can be found in YouTube Privacy policy from Google.
e. LinkedIn
The website offers the possibility to sign in with "Sign-In with LinkedIn". Sign-In with LinkedIn is a service of LinkedIn Corporation, 2029 Stierlin Ct. Ste. 200 Mountain View, California 94043, United States ("LinkedIn"). If you want to use this feature, you will first be redirected to LinkedIn. There you will be asked to log in with your username and password. We do not take note of your registration data. Following this, your LinkedIn account information will be sent to us if you confirm this process with the "Login and allow" button.
A permanent link between your customer account and your Account on LinkedIn does not take place. For more information about Sign In with LinkedIn and Privacy Settings, please refer to the LinkedIn Privacy Notice.
Server Location
CVISION is a business of Foxit Software. An overview of Foxit's group of companies including its subsidiaries can be found at https://www.foxitsoftware.com/company/contact.php.The servers on which user data is collected, stored and used are located in the United States. However, at times, your data may be required within our group of companies or to third parties. If you use the CVISION website or Foxit platform, you allow us to transmit, store and process your information in the United States and possibly in other countries. The laws of these countries may differ from the laws of your place of residence. By taking advantage of the CVISION website or Foxit platform, you consent to the transmission of your data to these countries.
Registration
For all website registrations, we use the so-called double opt-in procedure in the European Union only.
After registration on the website, we will then send you a notification email asking you to confirm that you wish to receive additional information from CVISION and Foxit by clicking on a link in this email.
The link will bring you to a preferences manager where you may choose what type(s) of information you would like to receive.
If you no longer wish to receive information via email from us, you can unsubscribe at any time without incurring any costs other than the transmission costs according to the basic rates. You will find an unsubscribe link in both CVISION and Foxit emails, and if you chose to unsubscribe, we will then delete your email address from our mailing list.
Affected rights for European Union website visitors via GDPR
In connection with the data processing presented here, you have the right to:
Request information about your personal data processed by us. In particular, you can provide information on the processing purposes, the category of personal data, the categories of recipients to whom your data has been disclosed, the planned retention period, the right to rectification, deletion, limitation of processing or opposition, the existence of the right to complain, the source of their data, if not collected from us, and the existence of automated decision-making including profiling and, where appropriate, meaningful information about their details;
Demand the correction of incorrect or complete personal data stored with us;
Demand the deletion of your personal data stored by us, unless the processing for the exercise of the right to freedom of expression and information, for the fulfillment of a legal obligation, for reasons of public interest or for the assertion, exercise or defense of Legal claims is required;
Demand the restriction of the processing of your personal data, as far as the accuracy of the data is disputed by you, the processing is unlawful, but you reject its deletion and we no longer need the data, but you assert this, exercise or defense of legal claims or you have objected to the processing in accordance with Art. 21 GDPR;
Receive your personal data provided to us in a structured, standard and machine-readable format or to request transmission to another person responsible;
Revoke your once given consent to us at any time. As a result, we are not allowed to continue the data processing based on this consent for the future and
Contact the supervisory authority of your usual place of residence or workplace or our Contact branch in Berlin, Germany.
Withdrawal and Rights
You have the right to object to the processing of your personal data provided that there are reasons for this arising from your particular situation or the objection is directed against direct mail. In the latter case, you have a general right of objection, which is implemented by us without specifying any particular situation.
You also have the right to revoke a consent once given to us at any time. As a result, we will not continue the data processing based on this consent for the future. By the revocation of the consent, the legality the processing on the basis of the consent until the revocation is not affected.
If you would like to exercise your right to revocation or objection, please send an email to This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it..
Registration Data in the European Union
In accordance with GDPR, European Union website visitors have the opportunity to order our newsletter, register for product downloads, and/or other registrations, in which we regularly inform you about news about our products and promotions.
For these registrations, we use the so-called Double Opt-in method.
We will only send you e-mail if you confirm by clicking on a link in our notification e-mail that you are the owner of the given e-mail address. If you confirm your e-mail address, we will save your e-mail address and the time of registration until you unsubscribe.
The sole purpose of the storage is to send you information via e-mail and to prove your registration. You can unsubscribe from e-mail at any time. A corresponding unsubscribe link can be found in every e-mail.
A message to the above or in the specified contact information (e.g. by e-mail or letter) is also sufficient. Legal basis of processing is your consent in accordance with. Art. 6 para. 1 lit of the GDPR.
In our email, we use commercially available technologies that measure the interactions with the e-mail (e.g. opening the e-mail, clicked links).
We use this data in pseudonymous form for general statistical evaluations as well as for the optimization and further development of our content and customer communication. This is done with the help of small graphics that are embedded in the e-mail (so-called pixels). The data is collected exclusively pseudonymized and also not linked with your other personal information. Legal basis for this is our aforementioned legitimate interest. Through our e-mail, we want to share content relevant to our customers and better understand what readers are actually interested in. If you do not want to analyze the usage behavior, you can unsubscribe from e-mails or deactivate graphics in your e-mail program by default. The data for the interaction with our e-mails are stored pseudonym for 30 days and then completely anonymized.
Storage time
As a matter of principle, we store personal data only as long as necessary to fulfill the contractual or legal obligations to which we have collected the data. Thereafter, we delete the data immediately, unless we need the data until the expiration of the statutory limitation period for evidence for civil claims or for statutory storage requirements.
For evidence, we must retain contract information for three years from the end of the year in which the business relationship ends with you. Any claims become statute-barred after the legal limitation period at the earliest at this time.
Even after that, we sometimes have to save your data for accounting reasons. We are obliged to do so because of legal documentation obligations which may arise from legal obligations. The deadlines for storing documents are two to ten years.
Data Security
If you have created a CVISION or Foxit account, access to this account is only possible after entering your personal password. You should always keep your access information confidential and close the browser window when you stop communicating with us, especially if you share your computer with others.
In addition, we use the popular SSL (Secure Socket Layer) method in connection with the highest encryption level supported by your browser. In general, this is a 256-bit encryption. If your browser does not support 256-bit encryption, we will instead utilize 128-bit v3 technology. Whether a single page of our website is encrypted is shown by the closed representation of the key or lock icon in the lower status bar of your browser. We also take appropriate technical and organizational security measures to protect your data against accidental or intentional manipulation, partial or total loss, destruction or against unauthorized access by third parties. Our security measures are continuously improved in line with technological developments.
Changes, downloading, and printing this Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is effective as of the date on which it is made available on the site and is effective as of May 2018. As our site evolves and offers become available, or as a result of changes in government or regulatory requirements, it may be necessary to change this privacy policy. The current privacy policy can be retrieved and printed by you at any time on the URL you are currently viewing. You can also download this text in PDF format. To view and print PDF files you need a PDF viewer.,
You can download the Foxit Reader for free at www.foxitsoftware.com.
Changes, downloading, and printing this Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is effective as of the date on which it is made available on the site and is effective as of May 2018. As our site evolves and offers become available, or as a result of changes in government or regulatory requirements, it may be necessary to change this privacy policy. The current privacy policy can be retrieved and printed by you at any time on the URL you are currently viewing. You can also download this text in PDF format. To view and print PDF files you need a PDF viewer. You can download the Foxit Reader for free on our website.
Additional Resources:
Online Conversion
White Paper
Request Demo
Free Downloads
Contact
Store
PrivacyCookiesSitemapReferenceLibraryContact Us
Copyright © 1998-2020 CVISION Technologies, Inc.
CVISION, CVista, CBatch, and the CVISION logo are registered trademarks of CVISION Technologies, Inc.