http://www.desaware.com/company/privacy.aspx
Desaware Inc. - Privacy Policy: Components and Tools for Microsoft Visual Studio Developers
Products    Purchase    Publishing
Articles
Support    Company    Contact
Company > Privacy
Policy
Company
Contact Us
Background
Customers
News
User Groups
Careers
Privacy Policy
Contact Desaware and order today!
Sign up for Desaware's Newsletter for the latest news and tech tips.
Desaware Privacy Policy
Desaware Inc.
Address:
4750-G Almaden Expy #390
San Jose CA, 95118 USA
You can access our Web site home page and browse our site without disclosing your personal data. Our Web site does not
enable our visitors to communicate with other visitors or to post information to be accessed by others.
We do not automatically log personal data nor do we link information automatically logged by other means with personal
data about specific individuals.
We do not use cookies to store personal data nor do we link non-personal information stored in cookies with personal
data about specific individuals. We do use session cookies in particular if you are using our online store.
We collect the personal data that you may volunteer while using our services.
We do not collect information about our visitors from other sources, such as public records or bodies, or private organizations.
Email and contact information may be used for our own business and marketing purposes. We do not buy, sell or trade email
addresses or other contact or financial information we may obtain with outside organizations.
We do not knowingly collect personal data from children. You must be at least 13 years old to use this site.
We give you the option of using a secure transmission method to send us sensitive information (such as credit card details or
Web site password)
We have implemented security policies, rules and technical measures to protect the personal data that we have under our
control from
unauthorized
access, improper use or disclosure and unauthorised modification.
All our employees and data processors, who have access to, and are associated with the processing of personal data, are
obliged to respect the confidentiality of our visitors' personal data.
We ensure that your personal data will not be disclosed to State institutions and authorities except if required by law
or other regulation.
If you have any questions about this policy, please contact us.
Email Newletter:
For information on subscribing or unsubscribing to our email newsletter, please visit
our newsletter page.
For in-depth technical information read the latest books and eBooks by Dan Appleman
Products    Purchase    Articles    Support    Company    Contact
Copyright© 2012 Desaware, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Privacy Policy