http://www.centercode.com/privacy/
Centercode Privacy Policy
Effective July 1, 2020
Introduction
The following is intended to explain how Centercode uses this website, and any information we collect, to market and sell our products, and to explain the tools, services, and technologies we leverage to do so. Above all, our goal is to always be responsible in how we collect, store, and use your information, while complying with all relevant regulations.
To simplify this for our audience, we’ve split our policy into two parts. The first section is intended to provide a walk-through of the primary ways we handle your data. These are the things that we feel are most interesting to the majority of our audience. The second section provides you with the comprehensive details.
Regardless, we comply with and are passionate about this entire policy, and would encourage you to take your time in reviewing it. If you have any questions, please don’t hesitate to contact us at privacy@centercode.com.
Intended Audiences
The primary audience of this website is businesses interested in learning more about Centercode and its offerings. The secondary audiences are individuals seeking employment at Centercode, vendors, and others seeking to have a business relationship with us.
If you’re not with a business, or looking for a job, but rather are an individual interested in testing new products, you should instead visit our Betabound portal (which has its own Privacy Policy). Betabound is always looking for enthusiastic testers.
Alternatively, if you’re a company actively using the Centercode Platform or our services, or are a user of such a company, please also see our Customer Data Handling Policies.
Data Handling Overview
The following explains how your data is handled as you navigate and interact with Centercode and our website.
Visitor Tracking
When you visit our website or interact with marketing and sales content and emails, your activity as you navigate is tracked via cookies or similar tracking technologies. Third party cookies also are served by our ad partners to allow for them to serve you targeted ads. Detailed information about the types of cookies you will encounter when visiting our website or interacting with our content is described below.
Gated Content
We offer significant industry and educational resources on our site. These include things like white papers, ebooks, and recorded webinars, and are typically “gated,” meaning we require information from you in order to download them. Our goal in investing significant resources in developing these valuable materials is to create an opportunity to learn about you and begin building a relationship. To achieve this goal, we use HubSpot to collect your full name and job title, email address, phone number, company name and size, and the intent of your download (e.g. researching vs. interested in purchasing). HubSpot then enriches this data with company information, reducing what we need to ask of you directly.
If we feel you’re an ideal prospect, a member of our internal account team will study your company and reach out to attempt to continue to build a relationship with you, in the hope that there will be an opportunity to work together. Our team is not pushy, and are trained to be as consultative as possible. If you ask that they stop contacting you, they’ll politely and immediately respect your wishes, and follow an internal process to remove your data.
By downloading our gated content, you’ll likely receive marketing email from us, such as future content and webinar announcements. We consider your attention limited and time valuable, and therefore deliberately limit our outreach. In addition, every email will include a very simple opt-out mechanism, which will remove you from future outreach.
Other Engagements
Beyond downloading content, here are some examples of a few other ways to engage with us that do collect personal or use information.
In-Site Chat – You’ll notice a small circle in the bottom right of our site. This allows you to communicate with us in real-time via Hubspot. While you don’t need to provide any personal information to use our real-time chat (and we don’t send information to it), your email will be requested if we’re not actively available, so that we can get back to you.
Webinar Registration – If you happen to participate in any of our webinars, the Zoom platform will collect basic contact information in order to access our live webinar event. Recorded webinars do not require interacting with Zoom.
Event Registration – If you register to attend one of our live events (e.g. Conference, Roadshows), your contact information will be collected and stored on the Bizzabo events management platform.
Meeting Scheduling – If you schedule a meeting with us, we use HubSpot and Zoom.
Other Online-Based Sales Interactions – If you take part in any of our research surveys, your contact information and survey responses are collected and stored in our survey platform (e.g. SurveyMonkey) and CRM (e.g. HubSpot). When we send sales leads video content, we share your contact information into a video nurturing tool (e.g. Dubb). We use a workflow automation tool (e.g. Zapier) to transfer sales lead data between our systems.
Email, Calendar, Drive, and Back-Office Systems – Our back-office productivity platform is the business version of G Suite , including Gmail, Google Calendar, and Google Drive. If we interact with you directly, these email and calendar details will be stored by Google. We use other back-office systems to communicate among our team members (e.g. Slack) and these systems can also hold contact information.
Job Applications – If you apply for a job on our site, you’ll be asked to provide information relevant to the position via an applicant tracking system (e.g. JazzHR or BambooHR). We use platforms like these for all applicant communication and scheduling.
Where relevant (related to sales and customer relationship management), these systems typically feed information to or from HubSpot (for marketing automation and CRM), our primary marketing and sales platform.
Our goal is to always centralize information as much as possible, but in every case, we manage your data, know where it is, and how to delete it.
Finally, it’s important to understand that we only use your information for our own purposes. We never sell the personal data you provide us, and when we share information you provide to us with our business service partners who are performing services for us, they do not have that right.
Detailed Policy
This policy describes how Centercode collects, uses, and discloses information, and the choices you have about the information we collect. When we refer to Centercode, we mean Centercode, Inc., a California corporation.
Centercode owns and operates the Centercode.com website and runs its business of providing Customer Validation services to businesses developing products based on its cloud-based software platform known as the Centercode Platform.
Centercode also owns and operates the Betabound.com website and the web-based test participation portal known as Betabound (my.betabound.com), which we use to announce a wide variety of third-party Customer Validation opportunities, and to register and collect information about individuals interested in participating in Customer Validation tests. Our Betabound offerings are outside of the scope of this Centercode Privacy Policy (see Scope).
You should read this entire privacy policy. If you do not agree to its terms, you should not use our sites or services or submit personal information or other content to us. By using our sites or services and/or providing data to us you are accepting and agreeing to the practices outlined in this privacy policy.
Table of Contents
Scope
The Data We Collect and Receive
Centercode Business Visitor and Contact Information
Centercode Customer Contact and Billing Information
Centercode Job Applicant Information
Other Information
How We Use and Share Personal Data
Centercode Visitor, Business, and Other Contact Information
Job Applicants
Other Use and Sharing
Aggregated or De-Identified Information
How We Share Data with Our Third-Party Service Providers and Partners
Cookies, IP Addresses, and Other Passive Information Collected
Third-Party Cookies and Opting Out
Do Not Track
Security
Updating Email Preferences
Data Retention
Data Modification, Deletion, and Other Rights of European Residents
California Privacy Rights
Links to Third-Party Sites
Data of Children
International Transfer of Data
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
Questions or Concerns
Scope
This privacy policy describes our privacy practices related to information that we collect through or related to Centercode.com, and our Centercode social media pages (collectively, the Centercode Sites), and information that we collect related to Centercode employment, vendor relationships, and business services.
This policy does not describe our practices for the information that we collect through or related to Betabound.com, the Betabound web-based test participation portal (my.betabound.com), Betabound social media pages, emails, and other communications related to Betabound (collectively, the Betabound Sites). If you’re a visitor to the Betabound Sites, an account holder on the Betabound portal, or otherwise encounter our platform inside of Betabound, please visit the Betabound Privacy Policy to learn about our privacy practices that apply to you.
Finally, some of the information we collect or process is collected by or on behalf of our customers in connection with the services we offer to our customers. This information and the use of the Centercode Platform is beyond the scope of this policy. For more information about data that we hold and process for our customers, please read about our Customer Data Handling Practices.
The Data We Collect and Receive
In order to operate and enable your use of the Centercode Sites, operate our business and services, contact you about Centercode, and for other legitimate business interests described in this policy, we receive and collect certain information from you and about you, which includes Personal Data.
Except as described below for California consumers, when we use the term Personal Data, we mean information that identifies an individual or that relates to an identified or identifiable individual (e.g. name, email address, phone number, location data, mailing address).
By submitting or providing Personal Data or other information to us, you are representing that you have authority to do so and that we have full authorization to use this information in accordance with this privacy policy, even if the information relates to other individuals or entities.
Centercode Business Visitor and Contact Information
When you request more information or otherwise contact us through the Centercode Sites or otherwise (e.g. when you request a free trial or demo, register for a webinar, download content, complete a contact form, attend one of our events, interact through our social media pages, email, or call us), we may collect Personal Data such as your name, title, company name, job function, address, telephone number, email address, and other Personal Data and information that you voluntarily provide to us. If this occurs online, we may also collect the time, date, and location of the form you submitted.
Centercode Customer Contact and Billing Information
When customers establish services, we may collect, process, and use Personal Data such as name and address, company name and details, work contact information, financial, payment, and billing information, and other Personal Data and information that the customer voluntarily provides to us, such as when a customer contact completes a form or calls or submits an email to our sales, customer support, or services teams. We process this data through our trusted third-party service providers, including billing and credit card processing providers.
Centercode Job Applicant Information
When you inquire about employment with Centercode, we collect Personal Data from you such as your name, address, telephone number, email address, a resume including employment information and education information, a cover letter, your profile information, a statement of interest regarding your desired position, and similar Personal Data. We also collect the time, date, and location of the information you submitted.
When you apply for a job on our site, the information you provide goes to our applicant tracking system (e.g. JazzHR and/or BambooHR). We use our applicant tracking system(s) for all applicant communication and scheduling. As with the other third-party services we use, our provider holds your data on our behalf in order to provide services to us.
Other Information
We may collect information from other sources, such as public databases, joint marketing partners, social media platforms, and from other third parties (such as Hubspot and ZoomInfo) in order to enhance our ability to provide relevant marketing, offers, and content to you and to identify prospective customers. The information we collect this way is from publicly accessible sources, such as business details and business contact information (e.g. your name, business email, address, and phone number, and job title), and social media handles. We may also collect, track, and analyze non-identifying, statistical, or aggregated information from visitors and users of the Centercode Sites. Also, we passively collect data, as disclosed below in Cookies, IP Addresses, and Other Passive Information Collection.
How We Use and Share Personal Data
This section describes how we use and share (or disclose) information within the scope of this policy.
Centercode Visitor, Business, and Other Contact Information
We use contact information that you have provided as a visitor to the Centercode Sites or through your business or other contacts, and information we receive from third-party sources, in order to contact you to discuss your interest in the services we offer, and to send you information such as announcements of business-related opportunities and events. We may also send you community newsletters and updates. If at any time you no longer wish to receive these communications, you can follow the instructions under Updating Email Preferences.
We also use customer contact information to initiate services with our customers, including providing the customer’s appointed representatives with access to the customer’s account on the Centercode Platform.
The use of and information collected by the Centercode Platform is outside the scope of this privacy policy. For more information about data that we hold and process for our customers, please review our Customer Data Handling Practices.
Job Applicants
We use information that you submit in connection with your interest in employment to review your job application, notify you about future hiring events and job openings, and communicate with you through the hiring process.
Other Use and Sharing
We may also use and share the information you provide to us for other legitimate interests, including
to create an account you have requested or your employer has requested;
to send administrative information to you, such as changes to our terms, conditions, and policies;
to respond to your inquiries and fulfill your requests, such as to send you requested materials and newsletters, as well as information about our services and businesses;
to service your account or the account of your company, including maintaining records of any agreements you or your company enters into;
to personalize your experience on the Centercode Sites, such as by presenting content tailored to you or your company;
as disclosed below in Cookies, IP Addresses, and Other Passive Information Collected;
for other internal business purposes, such as data analysis, audits, detecting security incidents, protecting against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, network, information, and system security, debugging, developing new products, enhancing, improving or modifying our sites and services, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns, and operating or expanding our business activities;
in connection with company transactions such as asset sales, reorganizations, mergers, joint ventures, assignments, financings, dispositions of stock, and other changes of control, where Personal Data and other information is transferred to third parties for legitimate purposes in connection with the transactions;
as we believe to be necessary or appropriate under applicable law, including laws outside of your country of residence, to comply with legal process, to respond to the requests of courts or governmental authorities, to enforce our terms and conditions, to protect our operations, rights, privacy, safety, customers, or property (or that of others), and to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit damages we may sustain; and
for other purposes you have specifically agreed to.
Aggregated or De-Identified Information
Where data is aggregated or de-identified so that it is no longer reasonably associated with an identified or identifiable natural person, we may use and disclose it for any business purpose, except as otherwise prohibited under applicable law. Typically this would be used for research purposes, or to promote our services, but we may have other business uses.
How We Share Data with Our Third-Party Service Providers and Partners
We contract with third-party service providers and partners who provide services to us in accordance with our instructions, such as those that we have identified in this policy. In addition, we use cloud hosting providers (e.g. Amazon Web Services), and shipping providers (e.g. UPS, FedEx, USPS). These third parties may have access to your data (including Personal Data) for the purpose of providing services to us and in compliance with our documented instructions. We diligently choose these third-party service providers, evaluate their privacy, security, and confidentiality practices, and enter into agreements with them specifying their obligations. In addition, your information is shared as described below in connection with cookies.
Cookies, IP Addresses, and Other Passive Information Collected
Like many companies, we use cookies and other tracking technologies (small data files stored on your computer), logging, and similar tools to collect and analyze information about our visitors and site usage, and to target advertising to our visitors. This information is used to operate the Centercode Sites, to prevent fraud and misuse of our services, to measure how people use the Centercode Sites, to send targeted ads to those who have visited the Centercode Sites, to analyze how people respond to our emails and other communications, to analyze trends, to improve our services, and to improve your overall experience.
Third-Party Cookies and Opting Out
The following services may work by use of cookies or other standard technologies, such as web beacons, clear gifs, pixels, and similar tracking technologies, referred to as “cookies” below.
Google Analytics Cookies: We use Google Analytics cookies, which allow us to analyze how our visitors and users interact with the Centercode Sites. The information generated about your usage is transmitted to Google and is used to compile statistical reports on activity on the Centercode Sites to help us improve these sites, the information we offer, and your experience. The information we receive from Google Analytics is aggregated data and we cannot use it to individually identify any particular visitor or user. We encourage you to read the Google Privacy Policy. You can opt out of these cookies here.
HubSpot Cookies: These cookies help us to understand your interactions with the emails and other communications we send you and the forms you complete through the Centercode Sites, track your visits to the Centercode Sites (including the dates and times of your visits), and provide you with information that may be of interest to you about our services and business. For example, HubSpot cookies let us know whether our emails have been opened, which links are clicked, and how many unique visitors we have.
This information generated about your usage is transmitted to HubSpot in the United States. The information we receive from HubSpot cookies and tracking technologies does not, standing alone, personally identify you. However, if you have chosen to identify yourself to us, such as by providing personal information when responding to a promotional offer, filling out a web form, or downloading content, we may re-associate this information with the personal information you have provided to us. We encourage you to read the HubSpot Privacy Policy. You can opt out of these cookies here.
AdRoll Cookies: AdRoll provides targeted advertising and marketing services to us by placing these third party AdRoll tracking cookies on your device when visiting Centercode.com. The cookies register a unique ID to a user’s device used to identify the visitor across visits and devices (providing cross-device matching), allowing for the presentation of targeted ads. These cookies obtain data about your browsing activity on and off of our sites, information about your device and browser, including your device’s IP address, and information about the ads AdRoll has served to you. We encourage you to read the AdRoll Privacy Policy. You can opt out of these cookies here.
Segment Cookies: These third-party marketing cookies store an anonymous user ID that identifies unique visitors in order to better understand our visitors’ interaction with Centercode.com and allow us to correlate information between marketing tools. Information collected by Segment and made available to us includes device and browser type and IP address. However, if you have chosen to identify yourself to us, such as by providing personal information when responding to a promotional offer, filling out a web form, or downloading content, we may re-associate this information with the personal information you have provided to us. We encourage you to read the Segment.com Privacy Policy. You can opt out of these cookies at the bottom of this page.
G2 Crowd Cookies: These cookies allow us and G2 to track a specific device for attribution and conversion between Centercode.com and our profile on the G2 site, allowing us to measure the efficiency and performance of our campaigns. We encourage you to read the G2 Privacy Policy. You can opt out of these cookies using your browser settings.
Hotjar Cookies: These third-party marketing cookies store an anonymous user ID that identifies visitors in order to better understand our visitors’ interaction with Centercode.com. Information collected by Hotjar includes device and browser type and IP address. We encourage you to read the Hotjar Privacy Policy. You can opt out of these cookies here.
Site24x7 Cookies: These third-party Site 24×7 cookies allow availability of Centercode.com to be measured based on actual visitor usage. We encourage you to read the Site24x7 Privacy Policy. You can opt out of these cookies using your browser settings.
To learn generally about cookies and other tracking technologies and how to opt out of cookies and other tracking technologies using your browser settings, you may wish to visit the FTC’s Online Tracking informational page or if you reside in the European Union, to visit http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/.
Do Not Track
We do not currently respond to “Do Not Track” browser signals.
Security
We take the security of the Personal Data that we hold very seriously. We maintain a written security policy for the security, integrity, and protection of the Personal Data we hold against unauthorized disclosure or loss. We have put in place physical, technical, and organizational processes and measures designed to safeguard all Personal Data.
These safeguards help prevent accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure of, or access to, the Personal Data that we hold. However, you should be aware that no security procedures or protocols are guaranteed to be 100% secure, and there is always some risk assumed when you share information.
If you have reason to believe that your Personal Data with us is no longer secure or you would like more information about our security practices, please contact us at privacy@centercode.com. In the event that any Personal Data under our control is compromised as a result of a breach of security, we will investigate the situation and, where appropriate or required by law, notify those individuals whose information may have been compromised and take other steps in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.
Updating Email Preferences
To opt out of receiving emails or communications from us, please contact us at optout@centercode.com. We will respond promptly.
Data Retention
We will retain your Personal Data for a period of time consistent with the original purpose of collection, including to pursue our legitimate business interests, comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce applicable agreements. We retain information derived from cookies and other tracking technologies for a reasonable period of time from the date such information was created.
Data Modification, Deletion, and Other Rights of European Residents
Individuals located in certain countries, including those residing in the European Union, the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland (“European Residents”), have certain statutory rights regarding their Personal Data. For European Residents, reference to “Personal Data” in this privacy policy is equivalent to “Personal Data” as defined in the EU General Data Protection Regulation or any successor or enacting legislation (GDPR).
Subject to any exemptions provided by law, these individuals may have the right to request access to their Personal Data, or seek to update, delete, or correct Personal Data. If your request relates to Personal Data within the scope of the GDPR, your rights may be exercised by contacting privacy@centercode.com. Any European Resident who is dissatisfied with our handling of a request regarding Personal Data within the scope of the GDPR, has a right to lodge a complaint with his or her local data protection authority responsible for monitoring the application of the GDPR.
If your request relates to information that we hold and process for our customer, please contact our customer, or for more information, read Customer Data Handling Practices.
For your protection, we may need to take additional steps to verify your identity before implementing any request relating to your Personal Data. If you have designated an authorized agent to exercise your rights on your behalf, please note that to protect your Personal Data, we will need to verify that your authorized agent has permission from you to make requests on your behalf, and we may need to also verify your authorized agent’s identity. If we are unable to do so, and you have not received a response from us, please contact us directly regarding your request. We will respond to your request promptly, and in no more than 30 days from your request, subject to applicable law. Please note that we may need to retain certain information for recordkeeping purposes, such as retaining copies of agreements you have entered into with us and/or for audit and investigation purposes, or in the event of a court order or requirement of law.
Deleted or updated Personal Data stored in our backup systems will be automatically deleted or updated within a reasonable period of time during our backup procedures, except as otherwise required by applicable law.
California Privacy Rights
This section applies only to California consumers to the extent they are entitled to certain rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act (the “CCPA”) with respect to Personal Information as defined under the CCPA (“Covered California Consumers”). Please note that even where applicable, these rights are not absolute, and there may be cases when we decline the request of a Covered California Consumer as permitted by law.
Right of Access and Data Portability Rights: This is the right to request that we disclose what categories of Personal Information we have collected, used and disclosed about a Covered California Consumer in the past 12 months, including:
the categories of sources for this Personal Information,
our legitimate business or commercial purpose for collecting or sharing this Personal Information,
the categories of third parties with which we share this Personal Information,
the specific pieces of the consumer’s Personal Information we collected about the consumer (a data portability request), and
if we sold or disclosed the consumer’s Personal Information for a legitimate business purpose, (i) a list disclosing the sale(s) that identifies the Personal Information that each category of recipient purchased, and (ii) disclosures made for a legitimate business purpose, identifying the Personal Information categories that each category of recipient obtained.
Right of Deletion: This is the right to request that we delete Personal Information collected or maintained by us, subject to certain exceptions.
Right to Non-Discrimination: This is the right to not receive any discriminatory treatment when a Covered California Consumer exercises one of its privacy rights under the CCPA.
Centercode does not sell the Personal Information of Covered California Consumers to third parties. We engage certain trusted third parties to perform functions and provide services to us as discussed in this policy for the purposes discussed in this policy.
How to Exercise California Rights
If you would like to access this policy in an alternative format or wishes to exercise your California rights, please contact us at privacy@centercode.com or (800) 705-6540 or reach us using the methods provided in Questions or Concerns below. Only the Covered California Consumer, or a person registered with the California Secretary of State that the consumer authorizes to act on its behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to its Personal Information. A Covered California Consumer may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of its minor child. A Covered California Consumer may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month period.
The verifiable consumer request by a Covered California Consumer must provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify the consumer is the person about whom we collected the Personal Information or a registered representative, and must describe the consumer’s request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to the request. We cannot respond to the consumer’s request or provide it with Personal Information if we cannot verify the consumer’s identity or authority to make the request and confirm the Personal Information relates to the consumer. Making a verifiable consumer request does not require a consumer to create an account with us. We will only use Personal Information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor’s identity or authority to make the request.
Links to Third-Party Sites
The Centercode Sites and emails that come from us may contain links to other websites on the Internet. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of all such third parties. Please note that we are not responsible for the privacy policies and collection, use, and disclosure practices (including the data security practices) of these third parties, including those that are our customers.
Data of Children
The Centercode Sites are not intended for use by minors under the age of 16. We do not knowingly or specifically collect information from these minors through the Centercode Sites or otherwise. If you believe that we have mistakenly or unintentionally collected information from minors or have any questions or concerns regarding the use of our services to collect information from minors, please contact us at privacy@centercode.com so that we may investigate and delete the information from our servers as necessary.
International Transfer of Data
The Personal Data and other information we collect from you is used, stored, and/or processed by us in the United States, where we are located. In addition, in the circumstances described in this privacy policy where your Personal Data and other information is transferred to a third party (such as our service provider), this data may also be used, stored, and/or processed outside of the United States in any country in which the third party has facilities or engages service providers. These countries may not offer the same legal protections offered in your country and may be considered by your country to offer insufficient legal protections.
European Residents have a right to withdraw their consent to cross-border transfers of their data, and if you wish to do so with respect to your Personal Data that we control, you may contact us at privacy@centercode.com. The withdrawal of consent will not affect the lawfulness of actions based on your consent prior to your withdrawal. If your request relates to information that is Centercode Customer Data, you will find more information in our Customer Data Handling Practices.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change this privacy policy. If we make changes to this policy, you will find the revised privacy policy posted on the Centercode Sites, along with the effective date of the revised privacy policy. Your use of and access to the Centercode Sites after any changes become effective will be considered your acceptance of those changes and will constitute your agreement to be bound by the new or modified privacy policy.
Questions or Concerns
Questions about this Privacy Policy or our information practices should be directed to Centercode by emailing privacy@centercode.com or by mailing us at 23332 Mill Creek Drive, Suite 260, Laguna Hills, CA 92653 ATTN: Privacy Policy.
Alternatively, to communicate with our Data Protection Officer, please email dpo@centercode.com, or by mail at 23332 Mill Creek Drive, Suite 260, Laguna Hills, CA 92653 ATTN: DPO, or by phone at (800) 705-6540.
The best brands in the world partner with Centercode to build better products