http://www.digital-digest.com/page.php?file=policy
Facebook
Twitter
Newsletter
YouTube
Home
News
Guides
Software
Trailers
Forum
More
Apps
Blog
Blu-ray Price Search
Deals
DigiWiki
Firmware Downloads
Subtitles
Top 10
All News Guides Software Blog Blu-ray Forum Wiki
Privacy Policy
Information Automatically Logged
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our Web site. We do not use your IP address information for any other purposes nor do we allow others (non-site employees) to access this data.
Statistic Tracking
Server level tracking is performed, as well as statistics tracking via Google Analytics. Google Analytics uses first-party cookies to track visitor interactions. These cookies are used to store information, such as what time the current visit occurred, whether the visitor has been to the site before, and what site referred the visitor to the web page. Browsers do not share first-party cookies across domains. No user profiles are kept. Only aggregate data is collected.
Advertisers
We use an outside ad company to display ads on our site. These ads may contain cookies.
While we use cookies in other parts of our Web site, cookies received with banner ads are
collected by our ad company, and we do not have access to this information.
Cookies enable our advertisers and their partners to serve ads to you based on your visit to this and/or other sites on the Internet.
Some advertisers
are part of the Network Advertising Initiative, which provides opt-out functionality
to opt-out of behavioral advertising delivered bythese advertisers and agencies.
We may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website.
Personal Information
The usage of this web site optionally requires user accounts, which again optionally allows personal information to be entered and stored at the user's command.
We do not share any personal
information with any third parties nor do we use any personal information for any purposes without the permission of the user.
External Links
This site contains links to other sites.
Digital Digest
is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Public Forums
This site makes chat rooms, forums, message boards, and/or news groups available to its users. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control. All files are encrypted and not passed on to any person(s) or organization(s).
`
About Digital Digest |
Help |
Privacy |
Submissions |
Sitemap
© Copyright 1999-2011 Digital Digest. Duplication of links or content is strictly prohibited.