http://www.acroterion.ca/privacy-policy/
Call Us At: 1-888-809-9012
Privacy PolicySearch3w Inc. (“S3W”) respects the privacy of visitors on our online site. By visiting our website or by signing up on it, you acknowledge, accept and consent to our privacy guidelines as outlined in this policy.By helping evaluate and analyzing the feedback and behavioral patterns across our web pages, through our code, software, and service; our clients can greatly improve the functionality of their websites and make them more user-friendly. They become more valuable and simpler for you to use.Although this might sound scary, we ensure that by sharing your behavioral patterns and other personal information described in this policy, you would be helping us, as our clients, in providing you with a better experience and service.S3W will only collect personally identifiable data, such as your name, address, telephone number, or e-mail address. This is only when it is voluntarily submitted to us at this website. The information is maintained in private files on our secure internal systems. S3W and/or the companies we hire will use this information to comply with your request for information or as otherwise disclosed to you at the location at which you submit your information. This information enables S3W to deliver your orders to you. From time to time, we may refer to that information to better understand your needs and how we can improve our products and services. We may use that information to contact you. To unsubscribe from S3W communications, please contact us at info@search3w.comHow we collect informationActive collection: This is the information you provide us when signing up for our site. When creating an account or signing up for content or offers, we may ask you to provide us with your name, email address and details about your organization. We will only use this information to provide you with the service that you signed-up for. In regards to using those same contact details you have provided us with for any other purposes, we will always inform you and obtain your consent before proceeding.Passive collection: This is information that is automatically collected, without your knowledge, whilst navigating through and interacting with the content on our site and the content on each of our clients’ site pages, as well as information on your device or computer (such as cookies).The sole purpose of passively collecting your information is to improve your experience when using our site and web services. The tracking codes embedded on our website collects information such as:Device-specific dataThe following information may be collected through your device and browser:your device’s IP address (collected and stored in an anonymized format);device screen size;device type (unique device identifiers) and browser information;geographic location (country only);the preferred language used to display the webpage.Log dataS3W servers automatically record information which is created by using our site. Data includes:referring domain;pages visited;geographic location (country only);the preferred language used to display the webpage;date and time when website pages were accessed;CookiesOur website uses cookies to collect non-personal information including standard internet log information and details of your behavioral patterns when visiting our website’s pages. We do this solely to provide you with a better experience, identify your preferences, diagnose technical problems, analyze trends and improve our website.Cookies are small data files transferred onto computers or devices by websites for record-keeping purposes and to enhance functionality on the website.We may also use cookies to record login details on your device or computer. This helps to determine whether a particular device previously visited our website so that the login details would not have to be re-entered each time you visit our website.Most browsers give you a choice whether to accept cookies or not. If you do not wish to have cookies placed on your computer, please set your browser preferences to reject all cookies, before accessing our site. Please note that by doing so some features of our website may become inaccessible.Third-Party ServicesWe use a variety of services hosted by third parties, such as Google Analytics and vCita. These services may collect information sent by your browser as part of a web page request, such as cookies or your IP request. For information on how Google Analytics and vCita collect and use your information, please refer to their privacy policies. By using our site, you consent to the processing of data by these third parties in accordance with their privacy policies.S3W will not sell, rent or loan the personally identifiable information you provide at this website to any third party. We do not store any personal information on this website.This S3W website also uses information in aggregate form to track the total number of visitors to our site, the number of visitors to each page of our site, and the domain names of our visitors’ Internet service providers. No personally identifiable information is available in this process. The website may use a technology called “cookies”. A cookie is a token that a server gives to your browser when you access a website. Cookies are capable of storing many types of data. Cookies help provide additional functionality to the site or to help us analyze site usage more accurately. For instance, our server may set a cookie that keeps you from having to enter a password more than once during a visit to one of our sites. In all cases in which cookies are used, the cookie will not collect personally identifiable information except with your explicit permission.We use 128-bit encryption and a security firewall to protect the confidentiality of customer information. Any credit card and related personal information provided by the customer remains strictly confidential and is only used for the sole purpose of collecting funds as designated by the customer. In the event fraudulent or stolen credit card information is used, we will cooperate with law enforcement agencies and concerned financial institutions and follow all applicable laws as required.We provide our clients with a tracking code, which will be used to collect your information and transmit this to our servers. This tracking code will automatically collect the information based on your activity and store it on our servers, for our client’s analysis. Information will also be collected from cookies which will be placed on your computer or device by the website.We do not knowingly or intentionally collect any personal information from minors.Changes to this PolicyWe may revise this policy from time to time. The most current version of the policy will govern our use of your information. We will notify you of any material changes to this policy via an email that is associated with your account. By continuing to access or use our site, after those changes become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised privacy policy.If you have any questions or concerns regarding our privacy policy, please contact us by email or phone.www.search3w.com.com respects and strives to comply with the laws regarding the privacy of personal information in Canada and Ontario.The information provided here on this website is addressed to a Canadian audience only.Disclosing Your InformationWe will also disclose your personal information as well as any client information where we are bound to do so, at law or via a court order, to meet any legal or regulatory requirements or obligations. We will use all reasonable efforts to ensure that those requirements or obligations are in accordance with applicable law.We reserve the right to disclose your information as well as client information to any third party if we have reasonable information to believe that the disclosure is necessary for the purpose of an investigation and for the enforcement of any breaches of the terms and conditions of use, to detect, prevent or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues, protect the rights, interests as well as the property of S3W.Any disclosures for other purposes, including disclosures with any other third parties not mentioned in this policy, shall require your consent. The disclosure of any sensitive personal information shall require your consent.We may also share aggregated non-personal information with the public or with any third party for advertising S3W.Protecting Your InformationAccess to the information stored on our servers is restricted to a limited number of S3W employees and to users designated on our client’s accounts. Amazon Web Services can access the information only in specific and limited circumstances. Our employees, clients, and these third parties are bound by confidentiality.Our servers are protected by a) firewalls establishing a barrier between our trusted, secure internal network and the internet and b) IP restrictions, limiting access to whitelisted IPs.Each client may only access information pertaining to the sites it is tracking and to the users browsing on its website pages.We use HTTPS for our site pages and services providing secure transfer of data to prevent wiretapping and man-in-the-middle attacks.We will review our information collection and processing practices periodically and we will review and amend this privacy policy accordingly. ChoiceYou may opt-out of having S3W collect your information when visiting by using a ‘Do Not Track’ header. CategoriesAdSenseDaily LifeDynamic to StaticFacebookGoogle EssentialsGoogle UncoverLocalPay-Per-ClickQ&ARelated Tagsads adwords Algorithm amazon artificial Intelligence authority ban brand content quality developer duplicate content event featured formula google google hardware Google maps google partner google update keywords links local maps mobile news PageRank patent ppc research reviews rich content ROI search ability search engine sem seo seo tricks SERP site search social spotlight store usability yelp ZMOTRelated ContentEffectiveness of static landing pagesSocial Media SuccessLearn PPC (Pay-Per-Click) basicsUsability – Turn Search Engines traffic into SalesWeb PropertiesSEO Ask an expert QuestionsUnderstanding Technology for non tech BusinessesUpdate on Duck Duck GoWhy Amazon Best Sellers Ranking (BSR) is So ImportantJCON 2019 UpcomingSearch Engine Solutions for Yahoo Store small business sitesHow to get a Medium account without GmailCanadian Businesses Lag Behind in Online PresenceWordPress Video Lightbox