https://www.salon-software.com/privacy-policy/
Why do we have a privacy policy?
At Insight Salon and Spa Software, we believe in building relationships with our customers. These relationships are built on trust and respect and we believe that is the way a business should be operated. Part of establishing trust and respect is done by telling you what information we will require from you, how this information will be handled, and how this information will be kept safe. We know that your personal information is a valued asset and we want you to know that we will treat it that way.
The purpose of the following document is to inform you of:
our information handling practices;
the reasons for these practices;
security steps in place to protect your information; and
your role in controlling your own personal information.
Collecting Personal Information
At Insight Salon and Spa Software, we collect personal information to better serve your needs. Whether it be purchasing products and services from us or obtaining referrals and distribution requests, we are here to make sure that you get everything you need. In order to provide you with our wide variety of services, products, and promotions, we may collect the following information when necessary:
contact and mailing information such as name, address, telephone numbers, fax numbers and email addresses
credit information, and personal information
any other relevant information which is necessary to provide you with our products and services.
We may need to collect other personal information depending on the circumstances, but we will ask you directly and ensure that you agree.
Use of your Information
At Insight Salon and Spa Software, we will never sell your collected personal information to third parties. Your personal information will be used for purposes of contacting you via phone or email to notify you of special promotions we may be running from time to time.  We may also provide this information to our marketing and credit card processing partner companies for marketing purposes. By providing us with your personal contact information, you give us permission to contact you via phone or email unless otherwise indicated until such time that you unsubscribe. If at any time you no longer wish to receive emails or phone calls from us, please let us know and you will be immediately removed from our contact lists.
Safeguarding Your Personal Information
Like you, we at Insight Salon and Spa Software value your personal information. Part of valuing your personal information is making sure that it is protected and kept confidential. We achieve this by:
keeping our records secure;
having up to date computer security such as passwords, encryption and firewalls.
Controlling Your Personal Information
We believe that part of establishing trust and integrity comes from allowing you to control your own personal information. As such, we will collect information about you on a voluntary basis. If you have questions or concerns about the handling of your personal information or wish to withdraw your consent, please contact Insight Salon and Spa Software. Our representatives would be happy to assist you.
Accessing Your Personal Information
Insight Salon and Spa Software provides you with the opportunity to access your personal information that is held by us. If you require another copy of such information or further information, please contact Insight Salon and Spa Software. Please note that a nominal fee may be charged based on the volume of information requested. If you have more questions about your privacy rights in Alberta please visit the website of the Office of the Information and Privacy Commissioner at www.oipc.ab.ca.
Updating Your Personal Information
Insight Salon and Spa Software will do its best to ensure that your personal information is correct and kept current. A customer service representative would contact you to verify your personal information before any decisions are made or action is taken based on that information. We will keep your information as long as is necessary to continue to meet your customer needs and any legal requirements we may have. However, once your personal information is no longer needed, we will destroy it. If your personal information changes, please inform us of the change and any other information you feel is necessary. Also, if your personal information is incorrect, then please notify us of the correct information.
Client & Employee Data
We prioritize the privacy and security of your business and its clients. Any personal information and photos collected within Insight Software and the Insight Mobile Apps will not be shared with any third parties.