http://www.awicons.com/terms/
Products
Stock Icons
Free Icons
Bundles Download
Home ›
Copyright Notice
All content included on this site, such as text, graphics, logos, button
icons, images, digital downloads, data compilations, and
software, is the property of Lokas Software or its content
suppliers and protected by international copyright laws. The
compilation of all content on this site is the exclusive property of
Lokas Software and protected by international copyright laws.
All software used on this site is the property of Lokas Software
or its software suppliers and protected by international
copyright laws.
Trademarks
Lokas Software, AWicons are registered trademarks of Lokas Software.
Insofta, Cover Commander are registered trademarks of Insofta Development.
Microsoft, Windows, Windows XP, Windows Vista are registered trademarks of
Microsoft Corporation. Adobe, Illustrator are registered trademarks
of Adobe System Incorporated.
Privacy Statement
Lokas Software will not distribute customer information to be used in mailing
lists, surveys, or any other purpose other than what is required to perform our services.
Lokas Software is committed to safeguarding the privacy of our customers' personal data.
Google Analytics
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses "cookies", 					which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie 					about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. 					Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website 					operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. 					Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. 					Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, 					however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of 					data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
Share This Page
Products
Stock Icons
Professional icon collections
Flat Icons
Flat Artistic Icons
Symbol Color Icons
Symbol Duo Icons
Symbol Black Icons
Outline Color Icons
Outline Duo Icons
Outline Black Icons
Vista Artistic Icons
Vista Business Icons
Vista Medical Icons
Soft Icons
Realistic Icons
Aero Icons
XP Artistic Icons
Artistic Icons
XP Aqua Icons
Aqua Icons
3D Aqua Icons
3D Artistic Icons
Free Icons
Free icons, graphics
AWicons Pro
Powerful icon editor
Cover Commander
3D box and mockup creator
3D Text Commander
Static and animated 3D text maker
Photoshop Effects
Artistic and 3D plugins
Home
Products
Bundles
Free Icons
Download
Order
Support
Distribution
Articles
Contacts
Site Map
Need a custom design? Icons, websites, boxshots, logotypes...
Free icon sets, image to icon converter, favicon generator...
Free 3D box maker, 3D book creator...
Copyright © 2000-2020 Lokas Software. All rights reserved. Terms of use and privacy policy info.