http://www.epic.org/privacy/iei/ftccomplaint.html
Before the
Federal Trade Commission
Washington, DC In the Matter of Intelligent e-Commerce, Inc.    Complaint and Request for Injunction, Investigation
and for Other Relief  INTRODUCTION 1.
This complaint concerns the sale of consumer information by Intelligent
e-Commerce, Inc. ("IEI").  As set forth in detail below, IEI
is engaged in unfair or deceptive acts or practices as defined by Section
5(a) of the FTC Act. Moreover, IEI is violating or causing violations
of the Telecommunications Act of 1996 ("Telecommunications Act")
and 39 CFR § 265.6 ("Postal Regulations").
2.
IEI is an e-Commerce consulting service that operates bestpeoplesearch.com,
an Internet investigative service. IEI advertises and provides online
ordering forms for its customers to obtain a variety of information
about consumers in the U.S. and Canada.[1]
Such information includes detailed phone call records as well as the
addresses on file for post office box and private mailbox holders.
These categories of personal information are protected by regulation
or statute, and cannot be obtained without legal justification, but
are nevertheless offered for sale on bestpeoplesearch.com.  We urge
the Federal Trade Commission to take immediate action to investigate
IEI's information brokerage activities and to enjoin IEI from selling
information collected in violation of federal law.
3.
Bestpeoplesearch.com is one of many investigation "portal"
sites that offer for sale personal information that is protected by
statutes.  Like bestpeoplesearch.com, these other sites contain language
suggesting that the information is obtained by illegitimate means (investigators
rely upon "confidential sources" and information provided
is "confidential" and not "admissible in court").
These sites demonstrate a pattern of questionable personal information
sales online.  We therefore urge the Commission to initiate an industry-wide
investigation into online investigation sites. PARTIES 4.
The Electronic Privacy Information Center ("EPIC") is a non-profit
research organization based in Washington, D.C.  EPIC's activities include
the review of government and private sector polices and practices to
determine their possible impact on the privacy interests of the American
public. Among its other activities, EPIC has prepared reports and presented
testimony before Congress and administrative agencies on the Internet
and privacy issues.  EPIC opposes unscrupulous practices in the information
brokerage industry, and recently filed an amicus brief[2]
in Remsburg v. Docusearch, Inc., 816 A.2d 1001 (N.H., 2003),
a case in which the New Hampshire Supreme Court held that an information
broker is potentially liable for the harms caused by selling personal
information.
5.
IEI is an e-Commerce consulting service based in Encinitas, California.
(Exhibit A.) IEI maintains bestpeoplesearch.com,
a portal for obtaining personal information. (Exhibit
B.) THE IMPORTANCE OF PRIVACY PROTECTION 6.
The right of privacy is a fundamental right in the United States. The
privacy of an individual is directly implicated by the collection, use,
and dissemination of personal information. Disclosure of private information
to third parties is protected through a number of statutes and regulations,
including certain provisions of the Telecommunications Act and Postal
Regulations. One purpose of these statutes is to protect consumers from
the harms that can arise from others obtaining their private information
for improper purposes. The release of such information without a consumer's
knowledge can lead to devastating results, including identity theft
and fraud. 7.
Individuals are likely to suffer injury as a result of IEI's ongoing
practice of selling personal information.  The Drivers Privacy Protection
Act, which protects personal information in motor vehicle records, was
passed in reaction to the 1989 death of actress Rebecca Schaeffer.[3] A private investigator, hired by an obsessed
fan, was able to obtain her address through California motor vehicle
records.[4] The fan used
her address information to stalk and to kill her.[5]
The Postal Regulations were adopted in response to similar concerns,
in particular concerns raised by advocates for battered women who otherwise
could not safely receive mail.[6]
8.
The potential harm caused by unscrupulous information brokerages is
further addressed in Remsburg v. Docusearch, Inc., in which the
New Hampshire Supreme Court held that information brokers and private
investigators could be liable for the harms caused by selling personal
information.[7] In that case, a stalker obtained a young woman's personal information,
including her Social Security number and employment information, from
an internet-based private investigation, pretexting, and information
service, and then used this information to locate and murder the woman.
9.
IEI is aware of the potential harm that can result from providing this
information, as it attempts to disclaim a wide variety of harms in its
Terms and Conditions ("Terms"). The Terms require that the
requestor take the following pledge: "I also do hereby faithfully
pledge, that my desire to locate the data or individual described above
in no way involves any intention on my part to harm, to cause harm,
to harass, to stalk (as described by applicable laws), or to otherwise
take any illegal or proscribed action against any person or entity."
(Exhibit C.)  IEI also requires information
requestors to indemnify the company from harms flowing from the use
of personal data. (Exhibit C.) BASIS FOR ACTION 10.
Section 5(a) of the FTC Act, 15 U.S.C. § 45(a), renders unfair or deceptive
acts or practices in or affecting commerce unlawful. Misrepresentations
of material facts constitute deceptive acts or practices and are unlawful
pursuant to Section 5(a) of the FTC Act. Under Section 5(n) of the FTC
Act, an act or practice is unfair if it causes or is likely to cause
substantial injury to consumers that is not reasonably avoidable by
consumers themselves and that is not outweighed by countervailing benefits
to consumers or to competition.[8]
11.
Several categories of information offered for sale by IEI are not available
except by misrepresentation or fraud in the violation of a federal statute.
These misrepresentations are similar to the misrepresentations made
by the defendant information brokers in FTC v. Information Search,
Inc.,[9] as well as the misrepresentations in numerous cross-border lottery
ticket sales cases pursued by the FTC, e.g. FTC v. World Media Brokers,
Inc.[10] 12.
Although IEI claims to use private investigators to obtain this information,
in no way does this make its actions legal or constitute any significant
barrier to harm. Private investigators are regulated by a wide range
of state laws, with licensing requirements ranging from simple payment
of a licensing fee[11] to extensive occupational training and experience.[12] None of these schemes, however,
give private investigators special rights to solicit others to violate
the law.
13.
By obtaining and selling private information about consumers that is
not legally available, or is only available for narrowly-defined purposes,
IEI has almost certainly caused substantial injury to consumers, and
is likely to cause additional injury. Because its entire business consists
of surreptitiously obtaining information about consumers, this injury
is not avoidable at all by the consumers themselves. The service of
unlawfully obtaining and reselling information about consumers does
not provide countervailing benefits to consumers or to competition. SPECIFIC PRACTICES Obtaining and Selling Information in Violation of the
Telecommunications Act 14.
Congress enacted the Telecommunications Act of 1996, 47 U.S.C. § 222
et. seq., to stimulate competition in telecommunication services,
while protecting the privacy of the consumer. Section 222 of the Act
provides that telecommunications carriers must protect the confidentiality
of Consumer Proprietary Network Information ("CPNI"). CPNI
includes calling history and activity, billing records, and unlisted
telephone numbers of service subscribers.[13] The Act prohibits carriers from using CPNI even for their own
marketing purposes. Furthermore, the Act prohibits carriers from using,
disclosing, or permitting access to CPNI without approval of the customer
or as otherwise required by law if the use or disclosure is not in connection
with the provided service.[14] 15.
IEI has misrepresented its right to legally obtain, or cause others
to obtain, this protected information. It offers for $187, "Cell
Phone Package - includes Name, Address and Call Records" for customers
who wish to purchase a copy of a third party's cellular phone record.
(Exhibit D.) IEI represents that, "Cell
Toll Reports are obtained by private investigators for your personal
informational purpose only. These reports are NOT valid in a court of
law." (Exhibit D.)  This representation
suggests that the records were obtained in an illegitimate, illegal,
or unverifiable fashion, thus jeopardizing their admissibility in a
legal action. 16.
IEI also advertises the sale of protected residential telecommunication
activity. It offers, for $87, the "Residential Local/LATA Phone
Records" for customers who wish to purchase a copy of a third party's
residential long distance bill for the last billing cycle. (Exhibit
E.)  IEI represents that, "This search is for RESEARCH purposes
ONLY. If you find information contained in our reports and need them
for legal purposes you must subpoena the records from the telephone
carrier to use them in a court of law. This is a confidential report
between Best People Search and you (our client)." (Exhibit
E.)  Again, this representation suggests that the records were obtained
in an illegitimate, illegal, or unverifiable fashion, thus jeopardizing
their admissibility in a legal action. 17.
IEI does not represent how private investigators actually obtain this
information, but it does not appear possible for them to reliably obtain
this information without making misrepresentations (pretexting) to telecommunications
carriers or soliciting the carriers to violate the Telecommunications
Act.
Obtaining and Selling Information in Violation of 39
CFR § 265.6 18.
The federal regulations governing release of information about owners
of private mailboxes and post office boxes tightly regulate the release
of this information, which may only be provided: (1) to a federal, state
or local government agency upon prior written certification that the
information is required for the performance of its duties, (2) to a
person who certifies, in detail, that the information is necessary to
serve process in an ongoing lawsuit, (3) in response to a subpoena or
court order. In the event that the box owner files with the postmaster
a protective court order, the information may only be provided in response
to a court order.[15] 19.
IEI has misrepresented its right to legally obtain, or cause others
to obtain, this information. It offers, for $77, "PO Box Search
(Reverse P.O. Box Lookup)." (Exhibit F.)
IEI claims that this information is obtained by working with a Postal
Inspector: "Investigators work with postmasters all over the USA.
It is up to the individual Postmaster whether they want work with the
investigator..." (Exhibit F.)  This
representation suggests that the method of obtaining the information
is illegitimate.  If a legal, legitimate course of action can yield
these records, whether a Postmaster was willing to "work"
with investigators would be irrelevant. 20.
IEI also offers, for $97, "Reverse Private Mail Box Lookup."
(Exhibit G.)  Again, IEI represents that
investigators "work" with companies to obtain this information:
"Investigators work with personal mail box companies to obtain
your requested information. It is up to the individual mail box retail
center whether they want work with the investigator."  (Exhibit
G .)  It does not appear possible for investigators to reliably
obtain this information without making misrepresentations to PMB business
owners or soliciting them to violate 39 CFR § 265.6. OTHER SITES PROVIDING ONLINE INVESTIGATION SERVICES 21.
A search in the Google search engine returns many sites, both as sponsored
links, and as normal search results, of online investigator sites similar
to bestpeoplesearch.com.  Many of these sites offer sales to the general
public. 22.
Abika.com offers call detail[16] and the actual identity of people
who use screen names on AOL, Match.com, Kiss.com, Lavalife, and Friendfinder.com.[17] 23.
Peoplesearchamerica.com offers call detail[18]
and P.O. Box records.[19] 24.
Onlinepi.com offers cell phone location information.[20] 25.
Discreetresearch.com offers call detail.[21] 26.
Datatraceusa.com offers call detail.[22] REQUEST FOR RELIEF Wherefore, the Complainants request that the Commission:
Initiate an investigation into the information collection practices
of IEI;
Order IEI to immediately stop the advertisement for sale of legally
protected personal information on their website bestpeoplesearch.com
and any other of their similar websites;
Order IEI to fully comply with the Telecommunications Act regulations
and 39 CFR § 265.6;
Order IEI to destroy all records collected for customers about third
parties which they have obtained through illegal means;
Seek legislation giving consumers protections against pretexting
outside the financial services sector.
Provide such other relief as the Commission finds necessary to redress
injury to consumers and third parties resulting from IEI's practices
as described herein.
Conduct additional investigations into the many other web-based
businesses offering similar services.
Submitted July 7, 2005
[1] See e.g. Bestpeoplesearch.com, Ontario,
Canada Residential Long Distance Phone Records, available
at https://secure.bestpeoplesearch.com/ontario-canada-residential-long-distance-phone-records/c-RDPB,s-CAON,Service.aspx
(last visited June 15, 2005) (offering for sale long distance calling
records of individuals in Ontario).  A complete archive of the bestpeoplesearch.com
website is attached to this complaint as bestpeoplesearch.zip.
[2] Brief of Amicus Curiae Electronic Privacy Information
Center, Remsburg v. Docusearch, Inc., 816 A.2d 1001, (N.H.
2003), available at http://www.epic.org/privacy/boyer/brief.html.
[3] Brad Bonhall, Modem Operandi, Los Angeles
Times, April 24, 1994, at E1.
[4] Aurora Mackey Armstrong, Private Eyes, Private
Lives, Los Angeles Times, July 19, 1990. at J10.
[5] Id.
[6] James Bovard, Postal Service Bites Private Mailbox
Users, USA Today, July 8, 1999, at A13.
[7] Remsburg v. Docusearch, Inc., 816 A.2d 1001
(N.H. 2003).
[8] 15 U.S.C. § 45(n).
[9] Stipulated Final Judgment, FTC v. Information
Search, Inc. (No. AMD01-1121), available at http://www.ftc.gov/os/2002/03/infosearchstip.pdf.
[10] Complaint, FTC v. World Media Brokers Inc.
(No. O2C-6985), available at http://www.ftc.gov/os/2002/12/emscmp.pdf.
[11] Ala. Code § 40-12-93.
[12] Cal. Bus. & Prof. Code § 7541.
[13] 47 U.S.C. §222(h)(1)
[14] 47 U.S.C. §222(c)
[15] 39 CFR 265.6(d)(4) and (d)(8).
[16] See http://www.abika.com/Reports/TracePhoneCalls.htm
(last visited June 22, 2005).
[17] See http://www.abika.com/Reports/tracepeople.htm#Search%20Address/Phone%20Number%20associated%20with%20email%20Address%20or%20Instant%20Messenger%20Name.
(last visited June 22, 2005).
[18] See http://www.peoplesearchamerica.com/Cell%20Tolls.htm
(last visited June 22, 2005).
[19] See http://www.peoplesearchamerica.com/Address-Search.htm
(last visited June 22, 2005).
[20] See http://www.onlinepi.com/searches/PS/ps15.htm
(last visited June 22, 2005).
[21] See http://www.discreetresearch.com/restolls.htm
(last visited June 22, 2005).
[22] See http://www.datatraceusa.com/products.asp
(last visited June 22, 2005).
EPIC Privacy Page | EPIC
Home Page
Last Updated:
July 8, 2005
Page URL: http://www.epic.org/privacy/iei/ftccomplaint.html