http://www.andescotia.com/privacypolicy/
News
Jack
Products
Support
Examples
Store
About Us
Contact Us
Home
Login
Andescotia LLC values the privacy of our customers. We do not sell any personal information to other companies - we sell Software, not personal data. In keeping to the highest Web standards, we would like to detail what information we use, and how we use it:
Server Logs
The Web server does log your IP address in standard server logs. We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Web site.
Cookies
We use only session cookies at this time for our website and we do not belong to any groups that track users across Web sites.
Contact and Personal Information
When you submit a support request or "Contact" form, we require personal information (like name, email address, and mailing address). We use this information contact you only if you desire us to.
Compliance with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA): Andescotia LLC does not knowingly collect the personal information of persons under the age of 18. If TechMeridian learns of any personal information collected of persons under the age of 18, it will immediately be deleted.
We reserve the right to share contact and personal information with individuals and/or entities for legitimate purposes such as copyright infringement claims brought against a client or Andescotia LLC. We would use this information only as necessary.
Other Sites
This site may contain links to other sites. Andescotia LLC is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact Andescotia LLC. Our contact information may be found here.
We welcome your Feedback and Comments.Our Privacy Policy & Our Refund Policy
Copyright © 2013 Andescotia LLC.
All rights reserved.
Marten and the Marten logo are trademarks of Andescotia LLC.
MacOS is a trademark of Apple Computer, Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries.