https://www.hosting4less.com/about-us/terms-conditions/
Terms & Conditions
Hosting 4 Less > About Us > Terms & Conditions
Hosting 4 Less provides Internet Domain Name Registration, World Wide Web page hosting and Electronic Mail services. Hosting 4 Less maintains certain legal and ethical responsibilities regarding the use of its host computer network and equipment involved with these services.
Hosting 4 Less’s general policy is to act as a neutral provider of hosting services to the global Internet. Hosting 4 Less has specific ethical concerns regarding the use of its computers detailed below. Hosting 4 Less reserves the right to suspend or cancel a customer’s access to any or all services provided by Hosting 4 Less when Hosting 4 Less decides that the account has been inappropriately used.
Payment PoliciesAll pricing is guaranteed for the term of payment received. Hosting 4 Less reserves the right to change prices at any time. Payment is due on the first day of the anniversary month or period following the date the account was established. Any account past due more than 10 days is subject to suspension. The customer is responsible for all money owed on the account from the time it was established to the time that the customer notifies Hosting 4 Less in writing with a request for termination of services. Checks returned unpaid (NSF) will be assessed a $25 charge. All payments are in U.S. currency.Credit Card OrdersAccounts will be automatically billed, on a quarterly, semi-annual or annual basis, to the card number on file unless otherwise notified. All credit card payments will be billed during the first week of the month the account is due.
In the event the credit card is declined by their bank, the customer will be notified by email or phone to the email/phone number on file. Past due accounts that are not brought current by the 10th day of the current billing month are subject to suspension and possible account termination. In addition, the customer is solely responsible for keeping their contact information current with our company such as email address, telephone number, etc.
There will be a $25 Re-Activation Fee on any accounts suspended and then later re-activated. The company listed on the credit card statement will be Hosting 4 Less. The customer is responsible for notifying Hosting 4 Less of any address changes, name changes to the credit card on file as well as updating the expiration date when necessary.Cancellation PolicyHosting 4 Less reserves the right to cancel service at any time. All fees paid in advance of cancellation will be pro-rated and paid by Hosting 4 Less if Hosting 4 Less institutes its right of cancellation. If cancellation is caused by a customer’s violation of our policies, then no refund is due.
Due to security concerns, all account cancellations must be done in writing via US mail or Fax. The letter should include, a valid signature of the primary contact of the account. In addition, the following items are also required: domain name, reason for cancellation, user name, and original account password.
Within the first 30 days, customers can cancel service any time and will be refunded any amount exceeding the pre-payment of the current term. After 30 days, we will honor all cancellations but no pro-rated refunds will be issued.RefundsCustomers who signed up on an annual basis where the setup fee was waived, and later cancel within the first 30 days will be assessed a setup fee as if the order was placed on a monthly or quarterly payment plan where applicable.
Any company refunds due, will be issued by company check or a credit posted to the credit card on file within 15 days of receipt of cancellation. The account will be cancelled and all information deleted at the end of the current billing period, unless a date of cancellation is specified. Setup Fees, Domain Name Registrations, Domain Name Renewals, Overages, FTP/File Hosting and Domain Parking fees are non-refundable.
If you are on an annual credit card payment plan and we have not been notified prior to renewal in a manner abiding by our written Terms and Conditions, your account will be renewed, your credit card charged and there will be no refunds during the subscription period. If there are extenuating circumstances leading up to the cancellation, then Hosting 4 Less may at its sole discretion refund a portion of the unused hosting fees less a $100.00 disposition fee.Password ChangesDue to security concerns, account password change requests must be in writing and must be made from the original website owner. The request must contain the old password and the new desired password and emailed to support@hosting4less.com. Telephone requests will not be responded to.Server UseCustomers are not permitted to resell or sub-sell web hosting services off of their primary domain name. Hosting 4 Less reserves the right to refuse service and/or access to its servers to anyone. Hosting 4 Less expressly forbids server use for distribution, storing, processing, or otherwise handling in any way the following:
Adult material – Includes extreme adult material such as explicit images, or obscene content. Partial Nudity & Nude Modeling does NOT fall into this category.
Hacking material – Includes pirated software, phreaking, hacking, Anarchy, and any sites which provide ‘links to’ or ‘how to’ information about such material.
Spam material – Includes all forms of unsolicited bulk emailing.
Illegal material – This includes copyrighted works (i.e. mp3 music files, ROM’s, emulators), and any material in violation of any Federal, State or Local regulation.
Overage PolicyHosting 4 Less offers various hosting packages The user will be kept abreast of their disk space, bandwidth and email accounts via a web based reporting tool that will let the user know how much disk space, bandwidth and email accounts he/she is consuming. If the client surpasses these limits the client can adjust their usage or upgrade to a larger package. The client will be automatically charged the following surcharges during the first week in the following month for the overages in the preceding month.
Bandwidth: $1 per GB over.
Storage: $.10 per MB over.
Email Accounts: $1 per POP Account over.
IndemnificationCustomer agrees that it shall defend, indemnify, save and hold Hosting 4 Less harmless from any and all demands, liabilities, losses, costs and claims, including reasonable attorney’s fees asserted against Hosting 4 Less, its agents, its customers, officers and employees, that may arise or result from any service provided or performed or agreed to be performed or any product sold by customer, its agents, employees or assigns. Customer agrees to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Hosting 4 Less against liabilities arising out of: (1) any injury to person or property caused by any products sold or otherwise distributed in connection with Hosting 4 Less’s server; (2) any material supplied by customer infringing or allegedly infringing on the proprietary rights of a third party; (3) copyright infringement and (4) any defective products sold to customer from Hosting 4 Less’s server.DisclaimerHosting 4 Less will not be responsible for any damages your business may suffer. Hosting 4 Less makes no warranties of any kind, expressed or implied for services we provide. Hosting 4 Less disclaims any warranty or merchant-ability or fitness for a particular purpose. This includes loss of data resulting from delays, non-deliveries, wrong delivery, and any and all service interruptions caused by Hosting 4 Less and its employees. Hosting 4 Less cannot be held responsible for prices listed on banners or on search engines as these may be outdated. Please refer to our current pricing that is listed on our website. Hosting 4 Less reserves the right to revise its policies at any time.
Site Search
Domain Availability Search
Search
Additional Web Services
About Us
Our Web Hosting Network
Why Choose Hosting 4 Less?
99.9% Uptime Guarantee
30 Day Money Back Guarantee
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Web Hosting
Shared Web Hosting Details
Web Hosting Sign Up
High Bandwidth Web Hosting
High Bandwidth Web Hosting Details
Dedicated Web Hosting
Dedicated Hosting Sign Up
Free Domain Name Parking
Ecommerce Hosting
Ecommerce Hosting Details
Ecommerce Hosting Sign Up
FTP Hosting
Basic FTP Hosting
Corporate FTP Hosting
FTP Hosting Sign Up
FTP Hosting FAQs
SSL Certificates
Buy SSL Certificate
Digicert SSL Certificates
GeoTrust SSL Certificates
RapidSSL Certificates
SSL Certificates FAQs
Code Signing Certificates
Buy Code Signing Certificate
Digicert Code Signing Certificates
Thawte Code Signing Certificates
Digicert Code Signing FAQs
Thawte Code Signing FAQs
Contact UsHosting 4 Less9586 Topanga Canyon Blvd.
Chatsworth, CA 913111.888.818.0444support@hosting4less.comhttp://www.hosting4less.com
Links
Web Hosting Support Site
Dial-Up Internet
SSL Certificates
4G LTE Wireless Internet Failover
ABOUT SSL CERTIFICATES
Copyright 4 Less Communications, Inc.
© . All Rights Reserved.