http://www.cotse.net/privacy/monitor.htm
APacketdermLLCService
Content Filtering
News stories about hardware and software for filtering or blocking content, and items about online censorship.
See also the Freedom of Speech Online section.
China's Web Watchers
"Nothing in Zheng Yichun's upbringing foreshadowed his landing in a political prison...."
Full story - Time Asia
Submitted by Anonymous, Mon Oct
3 08:35:36 EDT 2005
New bans show China's concerns about tech
"Two new Internet bans may offer insight into the Chinese government's biggest fears. One bars Internet news services from inciting "illegal" assemblies, marches and demonstrations; the other prohibits activities on behalf of "illegal" civil groups."
Full story - USA Today
Submitted by Anonymous, Mon Oct
3 08:26:24 EDT 2005
In Morocco the Internet is putting the censors under greater duress
"... The Moroccan regime is not ignorant of the power of the Internet and is attempting to stifle its effectiveness via legal constraints, such as the 2003 anti-terrorism law as well as technical methods such as filtering and blocking sites. But such methods ultimately are ineffective; even when a Web site is shut down, there are still e-mail list serves and blogs to take up the cause."
Full story -
The Daily Star
Submitted by Anonymous, Sun Sep 25 18:05:00 EDT 2005
China wants only 'healthy' news on Web
"China said Sunday it is imposing new regulations to control content on its news Web sites and will allow the posting of only "healthy and civilized" news."
Full story -
DuluthNewsTribune.com
Submitted by Anonymous, Sun Sep 25 17:51:16 EDT 2005
China steps up Web controls but investors untroubled
"China's cyber police have intensified controls over the country's 100 million Internet users in the past few months but that hasn't stopped Western Web firms from pushing ever farther into the booming market."
Full story -
Reuters
Submitted by Anonymous, Fri Sep 23 18:13:07 EDT 2005
EU Insists It Won't Regulate the Internet
"... she said the European Commission had the duty to protect shared European values.... She said there was a broad consensus that child protection and hate speech rules should also apply to "nonlinear" services, such as pay-TV or Internet broadcasts."
Full story - Newsday
Submitted by Anonymous, Thu Sep 22 12:23:53 EDT 2005
China's model for a censored Internet
"... Under an authoritarian government determined to control information, China has grown a new version of the Internet. As former US President Bill Clinton noted recently, China's Internet is very unlike the cauldron of dissenting voices that is the hallmark of the Internet familiar to Americans. Instead, it's heavily filtered, monitored, censored, and most of all, focused on making money."
Full story - Christian Science Monitor
Submitted by Anonymous, Wed Sep 21 16:27:01 EDT 2005
Censored in the Name of the Lord
"... CleanFlicks is going from strength to strength, offering its services on a monthly subscription basis much like the wildly successful mainstream company Netflix. And a second, even more sophisticated, company called ClearPlay, also based in Utah, has sprung up."
Full story - MediaChannel.org
Submitted by Anonymous, Wed Sep 21 16:24:53 EDT 2005
Blocking the net: Corporations help governments shut down the information superhighway
"The culprits involved in censoring the Internet include not only the usual dictatorships but also Western countries that preach the virtues of democracy, an informed citizenry, freedom of speech, and the other platitudes we've been hearing lately from George Bush, Tony Blair, and their allies. Moreover, some of the world's biggest multinationals and high tech companies are complicit in this trend"
Full story -thsv.org
Submitted by Anonymous, Fri Sep 16 17:04:25 EDT 2005
Antonovich: Plan to Block Porn at Library Deficient
"The county's top librarian has proposed measures to keep children from inadvertently seeing Internet pornography while it is being viewed by adults in public libraries.
County Supervisor Michael Antonovich said, however, that's not good enough - and the goal is to eliminate pornography completely from the Los Angeles County libraries."
Full story - The Signal
Submitted by Anonymous, Fri Sep 16 16:13:39 EDT 2005
ACLU attacks library computer use policy
"... Rule number 4 of the Authorized and Unauthorized Use section of the UNLV University Libraries Guidelines for Library Computer Use states that "Users are not permitted to use a computer with the intent to intimidate, harass, or display hostility toward others (e.g., sending offensive messages or prominently displaying material that others might find offensive such as vulgar language, explicit sexual material, or material from hate-groups).""
Full story - The Rebel Yell
Submitted by Anonymous, Thu Sep
8 17:21:14 EDT 2005
Firms face moral dilemma in China
"... for media and net based companies setting up a business in China also means adhering to local rules, including tight state controls of the press and restrictions governing what websites can say.
Reporters Without Borders accepts that Yahoo - and it is not currently known whether the firm volunteered or was forced to supply the e-mail details of Shi Tao - could have encountered legal problems with the Chinese authorities if it refused to comply.
But, Reporters Without Borders said, it is about time that the powerful net firms such as Yahoo and Microsoft that have set up shop in China stood up and were counted, putting an ethical position before their legal obligations."
Full story - BBC
Submitted by Anonymous, Wed Sep
7 11:16:21 EDT 2005
Don't impose TV rules on the internet, says trade group
"The European Commission should be cautious about extending the Television Without Frontiers Directive (TVWF Directive) to cover the provision of online audiovisual content services, according to trade group the E-Business Regulatory Alliance."
Full story - Out-Law.com
Submitted by Anonymous, Tue Sep
6 13:30:11 EDT 2005
Beazley flags porn filter subsidy
"OPPOSITION Leader Kim Beazley has called for a subsidy on the cost of internet filtering so families can better protect their children from violent and pornographic websites."
Full story - Courier-Mail
Submitted by Anonymous, Sun Sep
4 10:54:06 EDT 2005
Censorware software fails to cut it
"Parental control software is only partially effective and needs to be supplemented by parental supervision of their children's online activities, according to a study by Computing Which?, the consumer magazine."
Full story - The Register
Submitted by Anonymous, Tue Aug 30 08:40:05 EDT 2005
Finland blocking access to foreign web pages containing child pornography
"Finnish officials and companies plan to block access by Internet users in Finland to foreign web sites containing child pornography.
Telecommunications service providers are to be given a list of web sites to be blocked."
Full story - Helsingin Sanomat
Submitted by Anonymous, Mon Aug 29 08:08:33 EDT 2005
Provider censors gory website
"Level 3 Communications is denying German web surfers access to Ogrish,
a website displaying graphic images that many consider distasteful... Level 3 blocks access to the site by filtering the internet protocol (IP) address on its routers in Germany. The blocking method makes that only customers of German internet providers that use Level 3's services are affected by the ban."
Full story - vnunet
Submitted by Anonymous, Mon Aug 29 08:07:20 EDT 2005
Utah law requires Utah ISP's to provide pornography filters
"The collection of bookstores, publishers and Internet service providers upset at new anti-porn legislation have missed the point, and 11 of the 14 are not even affected by the new law, according to legal briefs filed Tuesday by state attorneys."
Full story - Salt Lake Tribune
Submitted by Anonymous, Wed Aug 24 07:57:42 EDT 2005
Library porn crackdown
"THE Tasmanian Government will review controls being used by libraries to restrict access to internet pornography.
Education Minister Paula Wriedt called for the review in response to claims in the Sunday Tasmanian last week that people were accessing pornography on computers in the State Library."
Full story - news.com.au
Submitted by Anonymous, Sun Aug 21 16:15:46 EDT 2005
China attempts to wipe blogging star from web
"... when her cult status began to sweep the whole country, Beijing stepped in.
"They've cracked down on me," Sister Furong, a 28-year-old girl next door whose real name is Shi Hengxia, told Reuters.
In late July, authorities told the country's top blog host to move Furong-related content to low-profile parts of the site. Her pictures can still be found online, but links to them and chatrooms about her have disappeared from the front pages of major Web portals."
Full story - NZ Herald
Submitted by Anonymous, Sun Aug 21 16:14:04 EDT 2005
No Sex, Please, We're Repressed
"Floozie or role model, attention monger or free spirit? For months, China has been debating what to make of its latest internet-born star, a young woman known nationwide as Furong Jiejie, aka Sister Furong.
She is seen as a pioneer pushing the boundaries of traditional media controls but in the process has become a target of government censors in the tightly controlled country."
Full story - Wired
Submitted by Anonymous, Fri Aug 19 12:15:55 EDT 2005
KGB censors satirical Internet cartoons
"Reporters Without Borders today condemned the raids carried out on 16 August by the Belarusian secret police, the KGB, on three apartments in Minsk and the western city of Grodno allegedly belonging to young members of the Third Way opposition movement who create satirical, animated cartoons (in Flash format) for Internet distribution."
Full story -
Reporters Without Borders (RSF)
Submitted by Anonymous, Thu Aug 18 19:58:58 EDT 2005
China Tightens Censorship of Foreign Broadcasters
"In an attempt to "safeguard national culture," China said Wednesday that it will refuse to allow any new foreign-owned television satellite channels into the country and that it would tighten controls on the 31 international broadcasters already operating in China.
In a statement announced by the state news agency Xinhua, China's Culture Ministry said the country "will not again allow a foreign satellite TV station to have landing rights in the country.""
Full story - Christian Post
Submitted by Anonymous, Sat Aug
6 11:55:14 EDT 2005
Parliament to discuss child porn regulations
"A Labour MP has proposed a bill to force ISPs to declare whether they have taken steps to prevent access to paedophilic Web sites.
Margaret Moran, the Labour MP for Luton South, has introduced the bill under the 'Ten Minute Rule', which allows a brief discussion on the issue, but is unlikely to lead to an immediate change in the law."
Full story - ZDNet
Submitted by Anonymous, Tue Jul 26 08:20:50 EDT 2005
Let a Thousand Filters Bloom (opinion)
"In 1949, when George Orwell wrote his dystopian novel "1984," he gave its hero, Winston, a job at the Ministry of Truth. All day long, Winston clips politically unacceptable facts, stuffs them into little pneumatic tubes, and then pushes the tubes down a chute. Beside him sits a woman in charge of finding and erasing the names of people who have been "vaporized." And their office, Orwell wrote, "with its fifty workers or thereabouts, was only one sub-section, a single cell, as it were, in the huge complexity of the Records Department.""
Full story - Washington Post (reg. req.)
Submitted by Anonymous, Thu Jul 21 08:18:28 EDT 2005
International free speech groups urge Tunisia to end internet censorship
"International free expression groups have launched a new website detailing the state of free expression in Tunisia and challenged the government to end Internet blocking in the lead-up to the November 2005 World Summit on the Information Society (WSIS)."
Full story - Index for Free Expression
Submitted by Anonymous, Thu Jul 14 09:29:08 EDT 2005
In China, sophisticated filters keep the Internet near sterile
"To get an inkling of how China controls and sanitizes the Internet experience, it helps to step into any Internet cafe in Shanghai.
Each incoming user must give a name and address, then hand over identification to a clerk. Closed-circuit TV cameras monitor from overhead. Every computer terminal is loaded with software to track all activity. If a user heads toward a prohibited Web site, cafe employees know right away."
Full story - Ledger-Enquirer
Submitted by Anonymous, Wed Jul 13 13:56:21 EDT 2005
U.S. companies enable China censorship, critics say
"Have U.S. high-tech giants helped China bring the Internet to heel?
Several human rights and free-speech groups believe so. They charge that companies such as Cisco Systems, Sun Microsystems, Google and Yahoo have assisted China in building and maintaining the most sophisticated Internet filtering system on Earth."
Full story - kansas.com
Submitted by Anonymous, Wed Jul 13 13:51:43 EDT 2005
In Video Game, a Download Unlocks Hidden Sex Scenes
"Action video games are renowned for serving up simulated gore and violence, but an intriguing mystery surfaced last week in which politics, business and simulated sex feature prominently as well.
With some code written by Patrick Wildenborg, a 36-year-old Dutch techie, and a few friends, some scenes in the best-selling video game Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas become sexually explicit."
Full story - NY Times
Submitted by Anonymous, Mon Jul 11 08:08:48 EDT 2005
China's Internet: www. (censored)
"... A recent study by the Open Net Initiative (ONI) in conjunction with Harvard's Berkman Center for Internet and Society reveals an increasingly sophisticated set of mechanisms through which Chinese Internet users are prevented from accessing material deemed off-limits by the Chinese government (www.opennetinitiative.net/studies/china).
Though Chinese government statements emphasize antipornography crackdowns, ONI found that the primary focus of China's filtering system was on political content."
Full story - International Herald Tribune
Submitted by Anonymous, Fri Jul
8 11:05:23 EDT 2005
Japan to restict access to "illegal and harmful" websites at public offices
"Japan said it will tackle the spread of "illegal and harmful" websites in the wake of a series of Internet-based incidents involving suicide pacts and homemade bombs.
"The government has worked out plans to combat illegal and harmful content on the Internet
after discussing the issue and considering freedom of expression and privacy of communications," it said Friday."
Full story - Technology Designerz
Submitted by Anonymous, Fri Jul
1 14:05:42 EDT 2005
China weaves a web of repression (opinion)
"It is fashionable to appease China. Over the past few weeks we have had the unedifying spectacle of the Australian Government turning its back on a defecting Chinese diplomat, and last week we saw Microsoft agreeing to censor blogs on its new Chinese MSN Spaces network that contain words such as freedom and democracy... Appeasing Beijing is not only morally reprehensible, it places those who do so on the wrong side of history."
Full story - The Age
Submitted by Anonymous, Thu Jun 30 09:56:52 EDT 2005
Iranian net censorship powered by US technology
"Internet censorship in Iran is amongst the most restrictive and sophisticated in the world, a technical study has revealed. And much of the filtering technology in use was developed by western companies."
Full story -
NewScientist.com
Submitted by Anonymous, Mon Jun 27 15:37:49 EDT 2005
Iran tightens control over Internet, researchers say
"The Iranian government has tightened its control over the Internet, increasingly blocking content in its national language of Farsi and restricting what citizens can publish through Web journals, Western researchers say.
Iran shows a sophistication in filtering seen only in China and a few other countries, adapting its techniques as use of the Internet evolves, said John Palfrey, a Harvard University researcher who studied censorship in Iran for the OpenNet Initiative."
Full story - Globe and Mail
Submitted by Anonymous, Fri Jun 24 00:51:23 EDT 2005
US firm says Iran 'illegally' uses Internet filter software
"A US Web security firm cited in a report on Iran's Internet censorship said that any use in Iran of its software is "illegal and unauthorized."
John McNulty, chairman and chief executive of Secure Computing Corporation said in a statement that his company "has sold no licenses to any entity in Iran."
The company was cited in a report Tuesday by the OpenNet Initiative, a partnership of researchers that called Iran's Internet censorship among the worst in the world and called the US firm "complicit.""
Full story - Technology Designerz
Submitted by Anonymous, Thu Jun 23 08:34:45 EDT 2005
Chinese Blogger Slams Microsoft
"Twenty-eight floors above the traffic-choked streets of China's most wired city, blogger and tech entrepreneur Isaac Mao sums up his opinion of Microsoft and its treatment of the Chinese bloggers with one word. "Evil," says Mao. "Internet users know what's evil and what's not evil, and MSN Spaces is an evil thing to Chinese bloggers."
Mao, 33, knows something about the topic. In 2002, he was one of China's first bloggers, and since then his ideas on harnessing blogs, peer-to-peer and grass-roots technologies to empower the Chinese people have made him a respected voice in the global blogosphere."
Full story -
Wired
Submitted by Anonymous, Wed Jun 22 12:02:00 EDT 2005
Iran's Internet Censorship Among Strictest in the World, Documents OpenNet Initiative Report (press release)
"The university-based OpenNet Initiative (ONI) released "Internet Filtering in Iran," a report that documents the degree and extent to which the Iranian government controls the information environment in which its citizens live, including websites, blogs, email, and online discussion forums... ONI's research shows that Iran is among several countries in the Middle East that focuses its censorship efforts on expression through local language, like Farsi. Iran is also one of a growing number of countries, particularly in the Middle East region, that rely upon commercial software developed by for-profit United States companies to carry out its filtering regime."
Full story - Full ONI Report
Submitted by Anonymous, Wed Jun 22 02:03:04 EDT 2005
American Censors in China (opinion)
"Should American companies help China filter the Internet? That's a question that came up twice in my life over the past week. In one case, I think a small Utah company is doing the right thing, while in the other I think Microsoft, Yahoo, Google and Cisco are putting profits over human rights."
Full story - eWeek
Submitted by Anonymous, Sat Jun 18 12:45:38 EDT 2005
Malaysia orders Internet cafes to block porn sites: report
"Malaysia has ordered Internet cafes to install anti-porn filters, and Internet service providers to provide customers with the software, in a campaign to curb access to pornography, reports said.
Telephone companies and Internet Service Providers "have been ordered to do it fast. There should not be any excuses," Science , Technology and Innovation Minister Jamaluddin Jarjis was quoted as saying by the New Straits Times."
Full story - News Designerz
Submitted by Anonymous, Thu Jun 16 10:19:02 EDT 2005
Start your censorship engines
"Dig out your security and filtering manuals, because a VP will soon knock on the door. He or she will demand action to deal with the new Top Level Domain, .xxx, just approved by ICANN (Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers).
Of all the domains to authorize, why Triple X? Homage to the action movies? Why not encourage better use of geographic tags? Businesses need ways to attract local users, and using the proper state and country tag would provide excellent filter fodder. Nope, we get a supposedly easy way to isolate adult content, so the Powers That Be can say they've done something when in fact they've done nothing of value."
Full story - ITWorld.com
Submitted by Anonymous, Wed Jun 15 10:24:26 EDT 2005
China: End Restrictions on Civil Society in Fight Against AIDS
"The Chinese government should stop its harassment of AIDS activists and remove restrictions on civil society groups working to fight the country's burgeoning HIV/AIDS epidemic, Human Rights Watch said in a 57-page report released today."
Full story - YubaNet
Submitted by Anonymous, Wed Jun 15 09:19:05 EDT 2005
Microsoft censors Chinese blogs
"Chinese bloggers posting their thoughts via Microsoft's net service face restrictions on what they can write.
Weblog entries on some parts of Microsoft's MSN site in China using words such as "freedom", "democracy" and "demonstration" are being blocked."
Full story - BBC
Submitted by Anonymous, Tue Jun 14 08:31:55 EDT 2005
Will a virtual red-light district help parents curb online porn?
"A red-light district tentatively cleared for construction on the Internet -- the ".xxx" domain -- is being billed by backers as giving the $12 billion online porn industry a great opportunity to clean up its act.
A distinct online sector for the salacious, one with rules aimed at forbidding trickery, will reduce the chances of Internet users accidentally stumbling on porn sites, they argue.
If only it were so simple..."
Full story - NapaNews
Submitted by Anonymous, Sat Jun 11 10:20:01 EDT 2005
Calling for use of special software to bar access to porn sites
"FORMER Prime Minister Tun Dr Mahathir Mohamad has called for the installation of special computer software to block access to pornographic websites.
Since 1991 Dr Mahathir said he had taken up the issue of pornographic websites and the need to curb them."
Full story - New Straits Times - Malaysia
Submitted by Anonymous, Mon May 23 08:18:46 EDT 2005
China is putting '1984' to shame
"Eleven years after its initial connection to the World Wide Web, China's access to the Internet is still guarded by firewalls, embedded in its proxy servers, which have proven to be more practical and impenetrable than the Berlin Wall. Moreover, an increase in the demand for broadband connections has triggered the launch of a US$800 million "Golden Shield Project," an automatic digital system of public policing that will help prolong Chinese Communist Party (CCP) rule by denying China's people the right to information."
Full story - Taipei Times
Submitted by Anonymous, Sat May 21 10:18:38 EDT 2005
Christian porn filter seen as censorship
"Anti-porn software developed for schools by a company with links to fundamentalist Christians has been criticised for blocking students' access to leftist political forums and websites on sexuality and health.
Education Minister Trevor Mallard approved the Watchdog Corporation's CampusNet filtering software last year, as part of a $9.5 million package to help schools screen out hackers and objectionable material such as pornography."
Full story - NZHerald
Submitted by Anonymous, Fri May 20 15:25:11 EDT 2005
China / United States Letter to Larry Page and Sergey Brin : "Will you agree to censor Google ?"
"Following Google's announcement that it is to open an office in China, Reporters Without Borders has written to the company's two founders, Larry Page and Sergey Brin, asking them for a clear response to the following question : "Will you agree to censor your search engine if asked to by Beijing ?""
Full story - Reporters Without Borders (RSF)
Submitted by Anonymous, Thu May 19 10:25:21 EDT 2005
China blocks popular gay website
"China has blocked a popular website devoted to providing information and support to the nation's large but closeted homosexual population, even as the nation fights an exploding AIDS epidemic, the site's manager said on Wednesday.
The site which sees 50,000 to 65,000 visits a day mainly from mainland Chinese, had been blocked since April 11, manager Damien Lu said."
Full story - The Age
Submitted by Anonymous, Thu May 19 10:07:47 EDT 2005
Internet censorship around the globe
"The Internet has allowed for unparalleled freedom of expression. But many countries are working hard to limit what their citizens can say and read in cyberspace. Nowhere has a government worked harder to corral the Internet than China, where the consequences of breaking the rules can lead to prison or even death. Ronald Deibert has travelled extensively in China and other countries where the Internet is controlled. Deibert is associate professor of political science at the University of Toronto, and a researcher with the OpenNet Initiative, a group that studies Internet censorship around the globe."
Full story - American Public Media Audio (Real Audio)
Submitted by Anonymous, Mon May 16 11:49:26 EDT 2005
China blocks anti-Japan websites
"China has blocked several anti-Japanese websites during the week-long May Day holidays in an apparent move to quash another wave of demonstrations, activists have said.
Internet websites and chatrooms last month called for massive, nationwide demonstrations against Japan on May 4, following a series of large protests in several cities in April."
Full story - The Age
Submitted by Anonymous, Tue May
3 12:10:28 EDT 2005
Big brother takes over for mom and dad
"Warning to kids: Big Brother and Big Nanny are watching you. Two decades after Tipper Gore knocked rock lyrics, lawmakers, parents and software designers are still thinking up new ways to protect kids from sex-and-violence entertainment... Last week President Bush signed a law that will make it easier for parents to have DVD players equipped with a filter that can skip over inappropriate scenes. In the Senate, Alaska Republican Ted Stevens is warning cable TV operators to clean up their act -- and provide family-friendly channels -- or watch Congress do it for them."
Full story - Potomac News
Submitted by Anonymous, Sun May
1 15:40:46 EDT 2005
Broadcasters vow to draft voluntary decency code
"As public and legislative support grows for a crackdown on indecent TV programming, broadcasters are working to develop tough voluntary guidelines they hope will stall eventual government regulation, industry officials said yesterday.
A task force of broadcasters is set to deliver a report this summer that will include a series of measures to reduce profanity, "wardrobe malfunctions" and other indecent content from making it to the airwaves."
Full story - FirstAmendmentCenter
Submitted by Anonymous, Fri Apr 22 07:49:27 EDT 2005
TV decency rules show partisan split
"Tough-minded conservatives and Hollywood-friendly liberals have markedly different opinions about sex, violence and indecency on television, a Pew Research Center poll shows."
Full story - Washington Times
Submitted by Anonymous, Thu Apr 21 01:16:10 EDT 2005
Congress legalizes DVD censorship
"It will soon become legal to alter a motion picture so long as all the sex, profanity, and violence have been edited out, thanks to a bill called the Family Movie Act, an attachment to the Family Entertainment and Copyright Act approved Tuesday by the House. The Senate has already passed its own version, and the President is expected to sign it."
Full story - The Register
Submitted by Anonymous, Thu Apr 21 01:10:04 EDT 2005
Bush given anti-smut bill
"Fledgling technology that helps parents prevent children from watching movie scenes depicting sex, violence or foul language won new legal protections Tuesday under a bill Congress is sending to U.S. President George W. Bush.
The Family Entertainment and Copyright Act would assure manufacturers of DVD players and other devices using such technology they would not be violating copyrights of the Hollywood producers of movies."
Full story - Globe and Mail
Submitted by Anonymous, Wed Apr 20 09:05:34 EDT 2005
Vote due today on bill to let parents skip DVD content
"A bill that would allow parents to use technology to shield their children from offensive movie content will go to the full House of Representatives for approval today, Rep. Lamar Smith said.
The Family Movie Act would permit the use of a device, incorporated in a DVD player, that would enable parents to skip or silence objectionable material without violating copyright law."
Full story - MySA
Submitted by Anonymous, Tue Apr 19 07:43:19 EDT 2005
Study finds Chinese Internet filters sophisticated
"The Chinese government has become increasingly sophisticated at controlling the Internet, taking a multilayered approach that contributes to precision in blocking political dissent, a report released Thursday finds.
The precision means that China's filters can block just specific references to Tibetan independence without blocking all references to Tibet. Likewise, the government is effective at limiting discussions about Falun Gong, the Dalai Lama, Tiananmen Square and other topics deemed sensitive, the study from the OpenNet Initiative finds."
Full story - Kentucky.com
Submitted by Anonymous, Thu Apr 14 13:46:37 EDT 2005
Web Censors In China Find Success
"The Chinese government is succeeding in broadly censoring what its citizens can read on the Internet, surprising many experts and denting U.S. government hopes that online access would be a quick catalyst for democratic political reform."
Full story - Phayul.com
Submitted by Anonymous, Thu Apr 14 07:42:51 EDT 2005
Surrendering our choices to a sense of decency
(commentary)
"For 14 years, Channel 7 in Buffalo, N.Y., provided an invaluable service for its audience. The station allowed volunteers for the Niagara Frontier Radio Reading Service for the Blind to read periodicals and books for the blind over its secondary audio feed.
That was until earlier this year when one listener complained about a word heard during the reading of Tom Wolfe's new novel, I Am Charlotte Simmons."
Full story - FirstAmendmentCenter
Submitted by Anonymous, Sun Apr 10 10:24:53 EDT 2005
Other resources on content monitoring and filtering:
GetNetWise
Google this site
Privacy Watch
Index
Digital/Data Privacy:
Anonymity
Carnivore
Cellphones
Chat & Instant
Messaging
Children's Privacy
Children's Online
Safety
Content Filtering &
Monitoring
Data Mining
Data or ID Theft
Data Protection
DoNotCall
Echelon
Email & Usenet
Magic Lantern
Medical Privacy
People-Finding
Sexual Privacy
Shopping
Spyware, Adware &
Malware
Stalking
Web Surfing &
Browsers
Workplace Issues
Your Data Online
Public Surveillance
Civil Liberties & Freedoms:
Free Speech: Offline
Free Speech: Online
Freedom of Information
Freedom of the Press
Law & Enforcement
Search and Seizure
Students' Rights
Terrorism / Homeland
Defense
Civil Liberties
Legislation:
Local, State, or
Regional
National
Other:
Editor's Picks
Lawsuits to Watch
Other News
General:
Login
Home
Subscribe or Renew
Services
Pricing
Policies
Testimonials
Current Specials
About Us
Contacting Us
Support:
Index
FAQ
Basics
Email
Set up email app
iPhone/iPad/iPod Mail
Android Mail
Proxies
Web Hosting
SSH Tunnels
VPN
Mail Filter Order
Other
Resources
DMCA Notices to: DMCA@cotse.net
Support to: helpdesk@cotse.net
Abuse to:abuse@cotse.net
News Flash
Privacy Watch Index
FTC Brings Charges Against Company Flagged In CDT ComplaintFrom cdt.org: The Federal Trade Commission announced today that it had brought charges against Odysseus Marketing, publisher of a software product called ClientMan. The Center for Democracy & Technology had first identified ClientMan as one ...Read more
FaceTime Identifies Fake Google Toolbar Propagated Thru Instant Messaging and Internet Relay ChatFaceTime today warns users about malicious links being spread through instant messaging (IM) and Internet Relay Chat (IRC) which downloads a rogue, fake Google toolbar and adware on users machines and re-directs users to a ...Read more
Want to check your e-mail in Italy? Bring your passport.ROME - An antiterror law makes Internet cafe managers check their clients' IDs and track the websites they visit...
After Italy passed a new antiterrorism package in July, authorities ordered managers offering public communications ...Read more
Start-up getting financing for fingerprint technologyA San Francisco start-up, Pay By Touch Solutions, is expected to announce today $130 million in fresh financing for a novel way of paying for groceries and other goods and services: a machine that reads ...Read more
Court strikes down bank privacy lawFederal law trumps California's law restricting financial institutions from distributing information about their customers to affiliated businesses, a U.S. District Court judge ruled Tuesday...Read more
FTC Targets Company Secretly Installing Spyware that Can't Be UninstalledOdysseus Marketing and its principal, Walter Rines, advertised software they claimed would allow consumers to engage in peer-to-peer file sharing anonymously... The agency charges that the claims are bogus. First, the software does not make ...Read more
Another data security bill in the worksRep. Mike Castle, a Delaware Republican, said at a Visa cardholder security conference here that he plans to introduce "in the next couple of days" a revised version of the bill that he has been ...Read more
Government Cracks Down On Spyware OperationGovernment regulators are trying to shut down a company they say secretly downloaded spyware onto the computers of unwitting Internet users, rendering them helpless to a flood of pop-up ads, computer crashes and other annoyances...Read more
Touch-screen voters feel exposed... The Diebold machines - which will be installed at voting precincts throughout Utah by 2006 - sit atop stands and have tilt-top screens and plastic covers that can be adjusted. But some voters felt ...Read more
Protect, don't suffocate me on ID theft (opinion)I am not myself these days. I don't know who I am, but I am definitely not myself. A lady on the phone as much as told me so. This was after she had given ...Read more
Google this site
Search Cotse.Com
Back To Top
Cotse.Net
is a subsidiary of Packetderm, LLC. The Cotse.Net logo and
all content are © 2004 by Packetderm, LLC., unless
otherwise specified. All rights reserved.
Photos on this site are © PhotoDisc.