https://www.buzzen.com/privacy.html
Toggle navigation
Home
Support
General
Support Ticket
Faqs
Forum
Donate
Host App
Features
Members
Photo Album
User Blogs
Groups
Arcade
Online Radio
News
Awards
Banners
Credits
Link Shortner
Chatrooms
List of Chatrooms
Join a Chatroom
Create a Chatroom
Find a Chatroom
Sign In
Register
Register
SignIn
Buzzen Update: Buzzen happily provides users with a free place to chat.
Our advertisers provide us with a means to cover our expenses in order to keep Buzzen a free chat site.
Through our agreement with our advertisers, we have to abide by their policies on content.
This means that the image policy now pertains to written words and profile/blog content, as well as images.
To avoid interruptions in service, please ensure you are meeting the criteria as defined in our TOU.
Privacy Statement
Home
Privacy Statement
COPYRIGHT© BUZZEN:
Buzzen in its entirety is copyrighted © 2002-2020 BUZZEN. All rights reserved.
Buzzen will always and forever be, a FREE and loyal service. Any unauthorized use of Buzzen materials is strictly prohibited without prior written consent from a Buzzen Admin.
Your Personal Information:
Buzzen endeavours to protect the anonymity, security and diversity of our members, we strongly suggest you NEVER share private, personal or identifiable information on our network.
Buzzen Membership
By becoming a member of Buzzen, you are provided with a great deal more
access to features, inaccessible to guests or non-members. The benefits of being
a member include, but are not limited to: the use of interactive tools, such as
email, chat, gaming and 24 hour technical assistance. To keep you up to date
with network updates and changes you may also receive newsletters.
Collected Information:
There are two (2) ways in which Buzzen may collect information from or about
you.
1) If you login as a member - we have obtained a rough idea of your
geographical location, which which we use to further develop our database to
determine high-traffic areas.
2) If you visit our network as a non-member or visitor - we deterime what you
like to see, and what you like to look at to further improve our services to
both members and guests. If you do not register with our network; all your
information remains anonymous.
Preserving Your Privacy
We understand that some do not like disclosing personal information to become
a member. If you would rather not provide your real name you can provide us with
a pseudonym (or "nym") - a different name. This name is what you will be known
as and also referred to as by staff. We won't know who you are.
Using Cookies
Cookies are pieces of information which are transferred to your computer hard
drive for recording purposes. Most web browsers will accept cookies, however if
you wish you can chose not to accept any cookies. This may cause some pages not
to work to the fullest potential and decrease your overall experience of certain
services.
The use of cookies can overall enhance your experience, as we're able to
create the services you like to suit you more. These cookies can also assist in
understanding which advertisements are effective.
The use of cookies can help determine:
The number of page views.
The number of unique visitors.
How long such visitors spend on the network.
Most frequented webpages.
Using & Disclosing your information:
Your information will not be disclosed to anyone without your consent, with
exception to:
the demand of law enforcement agencies. (State, National &
International)
We suspect that your use of the network is in violation of this document
and the code of conduct.
To protect the rights of Buzzen Communications Inc. It's members and
guests.
To lessen a serious threat to a persons health or safety.
Buzzen will not share your personal information to any third party clientele.
Storing & Keeping your information secure:
We will make EVERY effort to prevent the disclosure of your information to
any third party clientel or other user. As services grow we will further
increase our network's security.
Our employees are obliged to respect the confidentiality of any information
supplied to us and held by us. However, we will not be held responsible for
events arising from unauthorized access to your personal information.
You can also assist in protecting your personal information by contacting
your local technician or computer shop on ways to protect your computer and by
informing Buzzen if there is any unauthorized access to your account.
Problems & Questions:
Should be raised by emailing:
privacy@buzzen.com
Changes to the Privacy Statement:
Buzzen Communications Incorporation reserves the right to update it's privacy
statement without notice. We encourage you to review the statement regularly as
updates are made with the addition of new features.
Youtube API
This website makes use of Google's Youtube API. No user information is stored or accessed on site while using the API. Usage is simply for displaying a preview image of videos, along with Video Title and Video Description. Viewing of the video is done soley on the YouTube website. If you need to contact us concerning the API please use our contact form.
You can view Google's Privacy Policy by visiting http://www.google.com/policies/privacy
Legal & Other
CoC
TOU
Privacy
Advertise Us
Donate
Back to Top
Social Links
Copyright
© Buzzen 2002 - 2020
Designed by TechDesigns007.com
Close