http://www.copy2contact.com/privacy/
About Copy2Contact
Web Widget
API
Licensing
Developer Support
Try It Free!
Buy It Now
Savings Calculator
View Cart
Benefits
Free Trial
Pricing
Contact Us
General FAQs
C2C for Outlook
C2C for Salesforce
C2C for iPhone
About Us
News
Partners
Clients
Press Info
Contact Us
Get It Now Technology Enterprise Support Company
Copy2Contact Privacy Policy
Overview
Privacy is a growing concern in the current age of the internet and e-commerce. Be assured that Anagram Technologies aims to protect and preserve your privacy as a valued customer or potential customer.
We know that one of the best ways to earn your respect is to treat you with the respect you deserve. Read below to find out how Anagram Technologies protects your personal and private information.
Order information
When you place an order, you must submit certain personal information (such as your name, address, email address, credit card number, etc.) that is required to process the transaction and fulfill the order.
This information is treated as completely private by Anagram Technologies, and will never be disclosed or sold to a third party not in partnership under any conditions, except where required by law.
Future sales efforts undertaken by Anagram Technologies, including efforts made in partnership with another company or entity, may make use of this personal information. Anagram Technologies reserves its right to use its customer information for its own marketing purposes, though we pledge to be discretionary and respectful in its use.
Registration information
When unlocking (or "registering") a copy of Copy2Contact or other Anagram Technologies software programs, a hardware-specific Software Key is used to identify the computer or device on which the software is installed. Please note that this key is unique to your hardware but contains no encoded personal information. You may think of it like a serial number for the software program. In addition, the name of your computer may be recorded during registration in order to help you keep track of multiple registrations.
Since this Software Key and name can uniquely identify your computer, they also must be protected by the same security measures and policies as your personal information. Anagram Technologies reserves the right to use this information to help with internal customer usage and behavior analysis, but will never sell or disclose such information to a third party, except where required by law.
As with personal information, future sales efforts undertaken by Anagram Technologies, including efforts made in partnership with another company or entity, may make use of this Software Key, name, and the results of a related analysis. Anagram Technologies reserves its right to use this information for its own marketing purposes, though we pledge to be discretionary and respectful in its use.
Automatic update checking
Since Copy2Contact is updated from time to time with enhanced functionality and new features, it includes a feature that automatically contacts our server online to check for updates. This feature requires an internet connection and runs passively in the background every few days, retrying
if it is unable to establish a connection.
If you have firewall software installed, it may call your attention to this background network activity.
The update checking feature of Copy2Contact does not send any personal or private information to our servers at any time and is not used to collect marketing information or "spy" on users in any way. Depending on the installation and version of the software, small amounts of debugging information may be sent to our server that are used track bugs and improve software quality. This feature can be disabled completely in the "Prefs..." menu if you desire.
MapGizmo
Using MapGizmo, either through the online form or through the button on your browser toolbar, sends to our server a copy of the address you are mapping, along with the URL of the document that is the source of that address and other standard session information that is logged with all transfers. This information is sent anonymously and cannot be used to identify or track you in any way. We may use this information to tune the Copy2Contact recognition engine and for other internal development purposes, but we will not (and cannot) attempt to use it for any other purposes or disclose it to others except where required by law. We pledge to protect your privacy in every way possible.
Affiliates | Partners | Integrate Copy2Contact | Blog | Privacy | Contact Us
© 2001-2019 Anagram Technologies - All rights reserved
NewsletterSignup