http://www.siliconpublishing.com/privacy?hsLang=en-us
Skip to content
Toggle NavigationProductsSilicon DesignerOnline Editing for EveryoneSilicon ConnectorConnected ContentInDesign ServerMultichannel PublishingDesigner Pagination ModulePersonalized Variable Data PublishingBlogResourcesAbout UsRequest a Demo
Privacyrjlevine1052020-08-14T18:37:23-07:00
Privacy PolicyThis Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Silicon Publishing, Inc. collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a “User”) of the www.siliconpublishing.com website (“Site”). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by Silicon Publishing, Inc.
Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways in connection with activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookies
Our Site may use “cookies” to enhance User experience. User’s web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
How we use collected information
Silicon Publishing, Inc. may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes:
To improve customer service: Information you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.
To improve our Site: We may use feedback you provide to improve our products and services.
To run a promotion, contest, survey or other Site feature: To send Users information they agreed to receive about topics we think will be of interest to them.
To send periodic emails: We may use the email address to respond to their inquiries, questions, and/or other requests. If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Sensitive and private data exchange between the Site and its Users happens over an SSL secured communication channel and is encrypted and protected with digital signatures.
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.
Changes to this privacy policy
Silicon Publishing, Inc. has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will post a notification on the main page of our Site. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at: Silicon Publishing, Inc., (925) 935-3899
www.siliconpublishing.com
This document was last updated on October 24, 2013
Silicon PublishingThe world leader in automating web-to-print and multichannel publishing with Adobe InDesign, we deliver best-in-class solutions for some of the world’s top brands including Nike, Google, Amazon, Hallmark, Adobe, and Disney.
Contact Us
100 Pine St. Suite 1250
San Francisco, CA 94111
1.925.935.3899
sales@SiliconPublishing.com
Let’s ConnectJoin Our NewsletterStay up-to-date on our products and evolving technologies in our fast-moving industry.
© Copyright 2000 –
Silicon Publishing, Inc. | All Rights Reserved
Privacy Policy
×Request a Consultation or Demo
Close
Go to Top