https://www.commentarycharts.com/terms-conditions/
Terms & ConditionsDeliveryWe endeavour to despatch all orders within 48 hours of receiving them – this isn’t always possible but we try our best. UK orders will be sent by via Royal Mail Tracked48 and elsewhere by Royal Mail International Business Tracked. Please allow up to one week for delivery from date of despatch if you are in the UK. For Europe and ROW some deliveries are taking 2 – 4 weeks or more – in the USA some have taken more than 4 weeks, due to the current unprecedented situation. THEY ROYAL MAIL HAS SPECIFICALLY ADVISED US (30TH October 2020) THAT DUE TO CORONA VIRUS, DELIVERIES OVERSEAS THAT WOULD NORMALLY TAKE 7 WORKING DAYS CAN TAKE UP TO 25 WORKING DAYS. For UK deliveries, please be aware that the Royal Mail are experience some delays due to Covid19, and some parcels are taking far longer than usual to be delivered.  Royal Mail explains a bit more here: https://www.royalmail.com/coronavirusReturns policyYou have 28 days, from receipt of cancellable goods, to notify us if you wish to cancel your order or return an item. Should you choose to return your order you will need to deliver the item(s) to our UK address where Commentary Charts Limited is based. How to cancel your order, or return or exchange a product Contact commentarycharts@yahoo.com to let us know that you wish to cancel your order, or return a product by either: If already received, package the item up and send it back to us within 14 days of letting us know that you want to cancel your order and return the product (we recommend you use a signed-for delivery service with proof of postage). Please note that you will have to bear the direct cost of returning the product. We will process the refund directly to your payment card, in no more than: a. 14 days after the day the product is received by Commentary Charts Limited; or b. if earlier, 14 days after the date you provide evidence that you have returned the product to us; or c. if there were no goods supplied, 14 days after the day on which you informed the Partner or us (via Step 1 above) about your decision to cancel your order. If you have any further questions, please get in touch with us by emailing our customer service team at commentarycharts@yahoo.comVATUK prices are inclusive of VAT. VAT Number: 350 0388 28CUSTOMER TERMS & CONDITIONSDownload Terms & Conditions herePRIVACY AND DATA SECURITYDownload Privacy Policy hereChange your cookie settings here: Cookie settingsWe use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies.Cookie settingsACCEPTManage consent
Close Privacy OverviewThis website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary Always EnabledNecessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessaryAny cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.