https://www.moneysavingexpert.com/loans/debt-help-plan/?__cf_chl_jschl_tk__=14e19aea0177ab25d093fe73b140f285eddeb854-1576848539-0-Af2SZZFctk0pDbHEveaNwAmADLeO0x7iY2AoYb8TIl7e1oBELCrevHIY2nWdJcbH1WZ7Vpz_CNQXNZPsstVnjDMb38dRgY734-CsXaAEZEL4f6_D_jpS_eACSU5HW
We use cookies to make the site easier to use. Read our cookies policy
I agree
Skip to main content
Weekly email
Coronavirus help
Search
Chair, Martin Lewis · Editor, Marcus Herbert
Founder, Martin Lewis · Editor-in-Chief, Marcus Herbert
Weekly email
News
Forum
Coronavirus
Martin's Blog
Team Blog
Deals Hunters' Blog
About the site
Search
Get our free weekly Money Tips email!
Grab the latest deals, guides, tips 'n' tricks directly from Martin and the MSE team. Don't miss out
Read the latest Money Tips Email
FAQs
Privacy Policy
Past Emails
Unsubscribe
Search MoneySavingExpert
Search
Close search bar
Cards & Loans
Household Bills
Complain & Reclaim
Banking & Savings
Mortgages & Homes
Travel
Insurance
Deals & Shopping
Income & Budgeting
Students
Credit Cards
Credit Card Eligibility Calculator
Balance transfer credit cards
Best 0% credit cards
Credit card rewards
Travel credit cards
Discover more
Loans
Loans Eligibility Calculator
Cheap personal loans
Personal car loans
Loan cost calculator
Credit unions
Personal loan calculator
Discover more
Your Credit Score & Debt Help
Credit Club
Credit cards for bad credit
How to improve your credit score
Check free credit report
Debt solutions
Discover more
Credit Cards & Loans Reclaiming
PPI: can I still reclaim?
Reclaim payday loans for free
Section 75 refunds
Chargeback refunds
Student loan overpayments
Discover more
Go to Credit Cards & Loans section
Gas, Electricity & Water
Cheap Energy Club
MSE Autoswitch
Find cheap gas and electricity
Energy mythbusting
Cut water bills
Discover more
Broadband & TV
Compare broadband deals
How to get cheap broadband deals
Do I need a TV licence?
Haggle Sky costs down
Boost broadband speed
Discover more
Mobile Phones
Cheap Mobile Finder
Best sim only deals
Cheap mobile tips
Best pay as you go Sim deals
Best iPhone deals
Cheap Samsung Galaxy deals
Discover more
Council Tax & Government Grants
Council tax rebanding
Reclaim council tax
'Severely mentally impaired' council tax discount
Housing & energy grants
Discover more
Go to Household Bills section
PPI, Banking & Finance Reclaiming
Reclaim packaged bank accounts
Reclaim payday loans
PPI: can I still reclaim?
Reclaim bank charges
Reclaim forgotten cash
Discover more
Tax Reclaiming
Reclaim council tax
Income tax calculator
Tax code calculator
Uniform tax refunds
Discover more
Parking Tickets & Transport Reclaiming
Flight delay compensation
Fight unfair private parking tickets
Parking ticket appeals
Train delays compensation
Oyster card refunds
Discover more
Shopping & Consumer Rights
Consumer rights
Reclaim lost & boost Tesco vouchers
Small claims court
Section 75 refunds
Chargeback refunds
Discover more
Go to Complain & Reclaim section
Bank Accounts
Best bank accounts
Best packaged accounts
App-based banking
Basic bank accounts
Top cards for under-18s
Student bank accounts
Discover more
Savings Accounts
Top savings accounts
Top cash ISAs 2020/21
Best regular savings accounts
Lifetime ISAs
Help to Buy ISAs
Best children's savings
Discover more
Pensions & Investing
Pensions need-to-knows
Stocks & shares ISAs
Share trading need-to-knows
How to invest for beginners
State pension: how it works
Pension credit: can you claim?
Discover more
Banking & Savings Reclaiming
Reclaim packaged bank account fees
Reclaim bank charges
Reclaim forgotten cash
Financial Ombudsman: your rights
Discover more
Go to Banking & Savings section
Mortgage Essentials
Basic mortgage calculator
Mortgage best buys
How much can I borrow?
Finding the right mortgage deal
Overpayment calculator
Stamp duty calculator
Discover more
Remortgaging
Remortgage guide
Should you remortgage?
Getting ready to remortgage
Porting your mortgage
How much will remortgaging cost?
Discover more
First-Time Buyers
First-time buyers' guide
Buying a home timeline
Boost your mortgage chances
Lifetime ISAs
Help to Buy & other schemes
Discover more
Home Ownership & Renting
Should I overpay my mortgage?
Should you equity release?
Mortgage arrears
How to sell your property
Free house valuation
Discover more
Go to Mortgages & Homes section
Holiday Essentials
Cheap travel insurance
Cheap car hire
Cheap flights
Cheap airport parking
Easyjet tricks
Overseas travel tips
Discover more
Spending overseas
Compare travel money
Travel credit cards
Travel money tips
How to buy euros
How to buy dollars
Discover more
UK Transport
Cheap petrol & diesel
Cheap train tickets
Is your driving licence valid?
Cheap MOT
How to park right
Discover more
Travel Reclaiming
Flight delay compensation
Unfair private parking tickets
Parking ticket appeals
Changed flight time
Train delays compensation
Discover more
Go to Travel section
Car Insurance
Cheap car insurance
Breakdown cover
Young driver car insurance
Cheap van insurance
Car insurance job picker tool
Discover more
Travel Insurance
Cheap travel insurance
Travel insurance for pre-existing conditions
Over-65s travel insurance
Backpackers insurance
Discover more
Home Insurance
Cheap home insurance
Mobile phone insurance
Cheap pet insurance
Content insurance for tenants
Cheap boiler cover
Discover more
Life & Health Insurance
Life insurance
Private health insurance
Over-50s life insurance
Healthcare cashplans
Mortgage life insurance
Discover more
Go to Insurance section
Top Deals
Supermarket coupons
Restaurant vouchers
Cheap iPad deals
Cheap gym membership
School holiday deals
Student discounts
Discover more
Popular Retailers
Boots deals
M&S deals
Amazon deals
John Lewis deals
Argos deals
Ikea deals
Discover more
By Category
Fashion & Beauty
Food & Drink
Kids & Toys
Days Out & Travel
Media & Technology
Home & Garden
Discover more
Shopping
Cheap online shopping
Loyalty points boosting
Free and cheap food
eBay buying tips
Shopping secrets
Black Friday Deals
Discover more
Go to Deals & Shopping
Tax & Benefits
Income tax calculator
Tax rate 2020/21
Free tax code calculator
Marriage tax allowance
Benefits calculator
Inheritance tax planning
Discover more
Pensions & Future Planning
Pensions need-to-knows
Guide to taking your pension
State pension
Pension credit: can you claim?
Pension auto-enrollment
Discover more
Boost your income
60+ ways to boost your income
Make money online
Comping tips
Earn freebies for testing products
eBay buying tips
Discover more
Budgeting & Debt Help
The budget planner
Do a money makeover
Debt problems
How to stop spending
Mental health & debt
The Demotivator tool
Discover more
Go to Income & Budgeting section
Funding Uni
Student loans mythbusting
How much should you be saving for your kids to go to uni?
Student loan repayment
Student checklist
Discover more
Student Money
Student bank accounts
Young drivers' Insurance
Graduate accounts
Student budgeting planner
How to start saving
Discover more
Broadband & Mobile
How to get cheap broadband
Best sim only deals
Broadband Unbundled
Negotiate with service providers
Mobile broadband
Discover more
Uni Travel
Cheap train tickets
Cheap flights
How to get cheap hotel deals
Backpacker insurance
Cheap travel insurance
Discover more
Go to Students section
Forum
News
Coronavirus help
About the site
MSE's Editorial Code
How we're financed
Martin's blog
Press releases
FAQs & Contacts
MoneySavingExpert.com
Borrowing
Loans
In this guide
In this guide
Coronavirus and debt help
Step 1. Assess how serious your situation is
If you're in debt crisis
If you're not in debt crisis
Step 2. Get your debt sorted with our checklist
Sort your spending
Cut the costs of your debt
Dealing with problem debts
Step 3. Still struggling? Where to get help
Debt tools: Free online help
Become a Debt-Free Wannabe
Today's top stories
NHS Covid-19 app to offer £500 self-isolation payments
10 December 2020
Martin Lewis urges MPs to free mortgage prisoners, warning coronavirus is set to trap even more households
10 December 2020
Martin Lewis calls for 'explosive' buy now pay later market to be regulated at 'maximum speed'
10 December 2020
UK travellers could be banned from visiting EU countries next year because of coronavirus restrictions
10 December 2020
Martin Lewis warns MPs of 'catastrophic' effect on workers' finances without coronavirus support
10 December 2020
More on this topic
Cheap Personal Loans
Coronavirus financial worries have caused some lenders to pause new loan applications and almost…
Debt Solutions
If you have extreme debts, a formal debt solution – bankruptcy, individual voluntary arrangement…
Cut existing loan costs
Coronavirus financial worries have caused some lenders to stop allowing new loan applications…
Tip Email
FREE Weekly MoneySaving email  For all the latest deals, guides and loopholes simply sign up today - it’s spam free!
Show more
Show less
FAQs
Privacy
Past Emails
Unsubscribe
FAQs
Privacy
Past Emails
Unsubscribe
Debt Problems
What to do & where to get help, incl coronavirus support
Amy Roberts | Edited by Helen Saxon
Updated 8 December 2020
Share this guide Share Close
Facebook
Twitter
Whatsapp
Mailme
As a result of coronavirus and the subsequent economic fallout, more people are finding themselves struggling with debt – something many people find particularly challenging to deal with around the Christmas period. But no debt problems are unsolvable. It might not be easy or quick, but there's always a route. And the earlier you tackle them, the easier they are to deal with.
Debt & Coronavirus
Before you start reading the rest of this guide, if your debts are spiralling and coronavirus is the last straw to your ability to pay them, there is help available. This includes help for mortgages, loans and credit cards, car finance, overdrafts and individual voluntary arrangements and trust deeds.
On 2 November 2020, regulator the Financial Conduct Authority announced that coronavirus-related mortgage payment holidays would be available to some for a further six months, and that payment holidays more generally would be extended.
For more information on which payment holidays are currently available and whether they'll affect your credit report, see our Coronavirus Finance & Bills Help guide.
Alternatively, see Coronavirus Employees' Help for information on the extended furlough scheme, Coronavirus Self-Employed for self-employed help, or Coronavirus Universal Credit & Benefits to check if you're eligible for support.
Tip Email
FREE Weekly MoneySaving email
For all the latest deals, guides and loopholes simply sign up today - it’s spam free!
Show more
Show less
FAQs
Privacy
Past Emails
Unsubscribe
FAQs
Privacy
Past Emails
Unsubscribe
Step 1. Assess how serious your situation is
There are two ways to deal with problem debt. Which one is right for you depends on whether you're in debt crisis or if you just have worrying or large debts (sadly a growing problem because of coronavirus).
What counts as debt crisis depends on who you ask, but a good indication that you might be in one is if you answer yes to either of these two questions:
1. Are you struggling to pay all basic outgoings, eg, mortgage, rent, energy bills and credit card minimums?
2. Are your debts (excluding your mortgage) bigger than a year's after-tax income?
Even if your debts are big, if you can service them, even at the minimum level, you're NOT in debt crisis and a different solution applies, which we cover below.
If you're in debt crisis
First of all, don't panic at the name. We've never yet heard of someone with debts so bad there isn't a path through them. Starting to deal with them will make you feel better and will speed up the process. Even for those in crisis, the nuclear option – bankruptcy – is rare. Even then, there's always hope.
If you're in crisis, the fact you're here and reading about it is a great start. Many people simply close their eyes to reality, which is the worst thing to do. Now you know there's a problem, it may feel worse than before. But the fact you're about to sort it out means in reality, you're better off.
First, read the debt help checklist
The debt help checklist below is designed primarily to prevent people from getting into debt crisis, rather than for those already there. Much of the info won't be applicable, but it's worth scanning through for anything relevant. It may allow you to meet your minimum outgoings and thus avoid your crisis snowballing out of control.
Access free one-to-one help available
The reason this guide doesn't cover crisis solutions in detail is simple. There's a range of great, free, non-profit debt counselling agencies that will give you one-to-one help if you're in crisis; and no web guide can come close to that personal service. See the free debt counselling section.
If you've got debt problems but are NOT in a debt crisis
Don't visit a debt counselling agency. Not just because they're heavily oversubscribed – especially during these unprecedented times – and should be left to those in urgent need, but more importantly, the solution they use isn’t for you.
Debt counselling involves negotiating with creditors and even bankruptcy, individual voluntary arrangements (IVAs) or debt relief orders (DROs). These are serious measures, designed for those with limited alternatives, in effect drawing a line and saying "this person is no longer within the system". The result is the debilitation of your credit score and less access to financial and some consumer products. Instead, there are a couple of sources of help:
Take time to go through the checklist The debt help checklist below is designed to take you through every single way to take on your debts, cut the costs, and speedily pay them back. So take some time and go through each to check whether it applies to you.
Help and support from those in the same boat Want help, or want to talk about it? There are many people in the Debt-Free Wannabe forum in a similar boat, all supporting and helping each other reach what they call their "debt-free day" after going through the checklist. This is an amazing resource.
Quick questions
Do you know how you got into debt?
If you're wondering how bad your debts are, as the old adage says, size isn't everything. What counts is your debt in proportion to your ability to repay.
Are your non-mortgage debts bigger than a year's after-tax salary?
If your non-mortgage debts (usually credit cards and loans) are more than a year's salary after tax, then they're quite severe. After all, that means you'd need to work more than a year to repay them, even if you had no outgoings.
Yet even if your debt is manageable, if you don't know where it came from, that's a big danger signal. Compare these two answers:
Q) So how did you build up debts of this size?
A) "Well I planned for and budgeted, shopped around to get the cheapest borrowing in order to buy a car/conservatory/caravan and now we're repaying it."
... and compare that with:
Q) So how did you build up debts of this size?
A) "Well I'm not sure really, I just used my credit card and the cost built up."
The latter is, of course, the most worrying. It means you are spending more than you earn and using borrowing as a means to fill the gap.
If you continue to do that, you'll get in a debt spiral.
Should you ever borrow more?
Traditional debt help says: "Never borrow your way out of a debt problem." But this ignores the varying cost of different debts.
The MoneySaving approach is: "Never borrow more to get out of a debt problem."
If it's possible to borrow more cheaply elsewhere to replace existing borrowing, then this can provide a huge boost, as lower interest rates mean more of your cash goes towards repaying the actual debt rather than just servicing the interest.
Those with big debts may save £1,000/year in interest by being more savvy with their borrowing.
Are you hiding your debts?
Many people hide their debts from friends and family, or sometimes even themselves (by not opening statements or not adding up their liabilities). If that's you, then it's time to come out of the closet. You can only sort your debts out if you know the scale of them. It may feel better not to know, but in the real world it makes things worse.
For those hiding debts from a partner, spouse, family or loved ones...
Seek help, or work out an action plan first, so you're telling them about solutions, not just problems. It's easier to break the news if you can show you're determined to improve.
It's much easier that way. Remember, if you're prepared to take action, the question isn't "will I ever get through this?" but "when will I be through this?"
Do you have physical or mental health/relationship problems?
Debt isn't purely a financial issue. It can be a cause or consequence of external factors such as health, employment, family or housing problems.
Money worries can break up families, take the roof from over your children's heads, destroy confidence, pile on stress, cause depression and even lead some to take their own lives. If you're feeling depressed then Samaritans is always there to help, either through its website or on the phone number 116 123 (UK and Republic of Ireland).
For a full guide to handling debts when stressed, working with banks, getting free one-to-one debt counselling, and specific tips for bipolar and depression sufferers, read our free Mental Health & Debt Help PDF booklet.
If you're worried about your relationship, Relate has lots of useful info. For specific help if you or a friend or family member have been diagnosed with cancer, try the Macmillan support line.
Are you being chased for debt that's not yours or is over six years old?
There are a number of debt collection agencies, whose job it is to chase down unpaid debts for other companies.
If receive a phone call or letter asking for money, the onus is on THEM to prove that you DO owe the money and that it's genuine debt. So if the debts aren't yours, don't panic; send a letter to say you're not responsible. National Debtline has a template letter you can use.
For older debts, the law says you can't be pursued in court for civil issues six years after the event (five in Scotland).
So for a personal loan, credit/store card or bank account where there's been no contact for six or more years, a lender usually can't get a court action against you. This is increased to 12 years for mortgages/secured loans – but for most tax debts there is no time limit.
Bear in mind that contact can mean anything, including making a payment, and that restarts the clock. Courts may also extend the time, for example, if lenders have taken reasonable steps to contact you. Some lenders still chase for the money after that period, but only a court can force you to pay.
If it's happening to you, see the National Debtline factsheet and template letter, or get help before speaking to the creditor.
Tip Email
FREE Weekly MoneySaving email
For all the latest deals, guides and loopholes simply sign up today - it’s spam free!
Show more
Show less
FAQs
Privacy
Past Emails
Unsubscribe
FAQs
Privacy
Past Emails
Unsubscribe
Step 2. Sort your debt with our checklist
The idea of the checklist is simple: to explore every option and use each one that works for you.
Most link to more detailed guides focusing on those subjects. Once you've found something that works, don't stop. Continue down the list to see if there's anything else that will help.
Some of the suggestions only work for those with a decent credit history and not too severe debts, but it's still worth checking.
Firstly... sort your spending
The following are a few ways to manage your cash and reduce your outgoings that are specifically useful for those with debt problems.
If you've time, it's far better to go through the full Money Makeover guide.
Budget and reduce outgoings
If you have debt problems, then doing a budget is central. You have to get a handle on what you spend to future-proof your finances. The big problem with most budgets though, is... they don't work. To help, there's a special free budget planner which counters all the traditional budgeting problems. Also see our Stop Spending guide.
Check your benefits
Even though you may not think it, you could be entitled to some state benefits. You can do a quick benefits check-up for free in just 10 minutes.
Can you get help paying the mortgage?
There's a Government scheme specifically to help mortgage holders who are struggling to make monthly repayments and are in mortgage arrears. The scheme gives you a loan to cover the interest (and only the interest) on your mortgage up to certain thresholds. There's also information on repossession and rent arrears.
Reclaim, reclaim, reclaim
For those in debt, it's very likely some of it has been made up of fees and charges, some of which you might be able to reclaim. You may also be able to claim interest and charges on old payday loans.
If you've incurred bank or credit card charges for going beyond your limits, you may be able to get the cash back. See our Reclaim Bank Charges guide for more info.
It's also possible you may be in one of 400,000 homes in the UK paying too much for your council tax. Or do you wear a uniform for work? You may be entitled to uniform tax rebates.
Secondly... cut the costs of all your debt
The aim is simple: repay the debt as quickly as possible, while being charged the lowest possible interest rate.
Check credit reference files for free
Before you start, it's worth ensuring your ability to get new cheap credit isn't being hampered by duff data on your credit files. This can cause rejections, but worse still, if you keep applying before it's corrected, even once the problem is fixed you can then be rejected because of all the applications. It's possible to check your credit report for free though.
Shift debts to a cheaper credit card
Suitable for: Mid to high credit scorers
Used correctly and with discipline, credit cards are the cheapest borrowing possible, especially when shifting debt to new 'balance transfer' offers. It's possible to get long-term balance transfer borrowing on a credit card for 0%. Even if you don't have a great credit score there are still attainable deals. If you've received a letter asking you to pay more on your credit card, see our persistent debt guide for specific help.
Cut credit card costs without new credit
Suitable for: Low-mid to high credit scorers
New credit isn't always necessary to cut credit card costs. Many credit cards allow existing customers to move other debts to them at special rates. Doing this in the correct order can create substantial savings. One MoneySaver told us that by using this technique, he cut his annual interest from £1,400 to £400 a year. See Credit Card Shuffle for full info.
Check for grants and support
Some utility companies offer help if you have large arrears on your gas, electricity or water bills. You'll need to be a customer of the company, so if yours isn't listed, contact it to see if it has a similar scheme.
Gas & Electricity: Schemes are offered by British Gas Energy Trust, EDF Energy Trust, E.on Energy Fund, Npower Energy Fund, Scottish Power Energy People Trust.
Water: The Consumer Council for Water website has info on all the water company schemes.
Related info: Details of other grants available in the Housing & Energy Grants guide.
Get a cheap personal loan
Standard personal loans can give you a consistent cheap debt and, for larger amounts, they're competitive with the cheapest credit cards. The fixed repayments also provide structure for those who tend to let credit card debt linger. See our Cheap Loans and Cut the Cost of Existing Loans guides for more info.
Unfortunately, those with poor credit scores won't usually get decent rates. An alternative is to look at joining a credit union. For many, they're a welcome alternative to payday loans or doorstep lending.
Credit unions are independently-run local co-operatives which aim to assist people who may not have access to financial products and services elsewhere. There are around 300 in the UK providing loans, savings and current accounts, each deciding its own services and rules on who can join. Find your local credit union.
Use savings to repay debt
The interest paid on savings is usually far less than interest charged on borrowing, so paying off debts with savings can be a serious boon.
The reason this tip comes after the main debt switching steps is that you should first try to cut the cost of your debts where you can. Then look at using what savings you have to pay off as much as possible – but focusing on the remaining high interest rate debts.
Worried about losing your emergency cash fund? That's old-fashioned logic and we explain why in the guide via the link above.
Danger credit card minimum repayments
The amount you repay on cards is also crucial. Minimum repayments are designed to keep you locked in for years. Make only the minimum on a standard high street card with £3,000 on it, and it'll take you 27 years to repay and cost you almost £4,000. Yet it's easy to turn this around, even if you can't afford to pay more. If you've received a letter asking you to pay more on your credit card, see our persistent debt guide for specific help.
Remortgage: Shift debts to a cheap deal
It's worth emphasising that a mortgage is a loan secured on your home. If you can't pay the lender back, the bank can take your house. But it's due to this additional security that it can offer a cheap rate over the long term.
Cheap deals are available, especially if you've a decent amount of equity in your home. It's worth working HARD to find the best deal for you.
An obvious idea is to shift credit card and other loan debts onto your mortgage if it's cheaper. On the surface this looks like a no-brainer. The debt is cheap, and as it's over a long time the amount you pay each month will be lower.
But it's not quite that simple. Technically you are shifting unsecured debt to secured debt, so there's an increased risk of losing your home if you can't repay. We explain this fully in our Remortgage guide.
Plus, it may increase your life assurance and other associated mortgage costs. And it may not actually be cheaper. Repaying over a longer period means you end up paying more interest, eg, 5% over 20 years is much more expensive than 10% over five years. Affordability checks have also made it more difficult to increase mortgage debt, so this may not be an option for you.
Don't be totally put off though. If the other routes above haven't worked, it's still worth considering. Do the numbers – especially if you've a flexible mortgage so you can pay off the debts quicker.
Next.... deal with problem debts
If you can't cut the cost of the debts, or if after doing that you're still struggling, it's time to consider some more severe measures.
Talk to your lender
It's very important to get on top of debts as soon as possible. Don't default or miss payments. It's always better to let your lender know if you're going to be unable to pay. Of course, preventative measures such as reducing interest, expenditure, and being a smart consumer are the best form of action. If you've received a letter asking you to pay more on your credit card, see our persistent debt guide for specific help.
Can you get help from the Government?
There are a few ways that could provide you with interest-free borrowing rather than getting any commercial debt.
Council support schemes: Since April 2013, each local authority has been responsible for providing help to residents struggling with an emergency. This could include you or your family's health being at risk, not being able to afford to buy food, needing help to stay in your own home and coming out of care, hospital or prison.
Sadly this is a postcode lottery. Each council can choose whether to offer financial help or not or who is eligible. For example, some may give furniture or food grants while others may give cash. Contact your council to find out its procedure.
Budgeting loans and advances: This is a Government scheme providing interest free loans to those on certain income-based benefits. They can help you pay for essential items for your home or other things that you cannot pay for in a lump sum, such as clothes and furnishings.
Apply for one via the Jobcentre Plus or via the form on Gov.uk. If you have the means to get money any other way, you won't qualify. You could be lent as much as £812 (if you have children – it's less if you don't), and repayments are dependent on what you can afford to pay.
Sadly, demand is extremely high at the moment and there isn't a bottomless pot of money. If the Jobcentre Plus decides your circumstances aren't urgent or you're not struggling, you may not get anything. But if you think you qualify and really need the cash, it's definitely worth a shot.
If you weren't able to get this help, check to see if there are other grants available in the Low Income Grants guide.
Carefully check secured loans?
Suitable for: Very poor to poor credit scorers, but be careful
Secured or 'consolidation' loans are something to beware of. We've campaigned against many elements of them, and they can be dangerous. They are, at best, loans of last resort and if you fail to repay them you can lose your home. Plus, unlike personal loans, the rate is variable, so it may sound cheap at the start, but soon they can push it up.
However, in a few, very limited circumstances, they're a good solution. If you've got expensive debts and some (not too substantial) credit history problems, you may be able to cut their interest rate this way.
Is a Debt Management Plan right for you?
A debt management plan (DMP) is an agreement between you and your creditors to pay your debts. You make regular payments to a licensed debt management company, the company then shares this money out between your creditors.
This is one the least serious of the debt solutions options as it's the only one that doesn't go through the courts. DMPs rely on you having spare cash to repay your creditors, and for them to accept that they'll get their money over a longer period than set out in your credit agreement. For full information see the Debt Solutions guide.
Is an IVA or DRO right for you?
If you've seen the adverts on TV, you'd be forgiven for thinking that an individual voluntary arrangement (IVA) is the answer to all debt worries. The promise of a scheme that can write off 75-90% of your debt is not to be taken lightly.
An IVA is a serious financial arrangement and is only suitable for a small number of people. If you are in debt crisis, read our Debt Solutions guide to find out if it could be the right thing for you. It's also worth talking it through with one of the debt counselling agencies.
Since April 2009, a new type of insolvency (of which IVAs and bankruptcy are another) called a debt relief order (DRO) has been available. It's specifically aimed at those with debts of less than £20,000 who do not own a house (or have any other assets totalling over £1,000, such as savings).
To get a DRO you need to go via an approved intermediary, such as StepChange Debt Charity or many Citizens Advice bureaux. See their contact details in the free debt counselling section, check out our forum thread, and read up on debt relief orders.
Step 3. Still struggling? Seek free debt help from charities
For those in debt crisis (see debt crisis definition) who are consistently struggling with debts and meeting repayments – a sad consequence of coronavirus for some – free personal help is invaluable.
Here's where to start:
The right people to go to...
The aim is to find non-profit debt counselling help. In other words, a one-to-one session with someone paid to help you, not to make money out of you. Be careful not to confuse this with 'free help': many commercial companies say they're free as you're not charged directly, but you'll still pay somehow.
Stop debt collectors harassing you for 30 days
These non-profit agencies are also the ideal people to go to if you're being harassed and bullied for payments by debt collection agencies.
An agreement between the Government and Credit Services Association, the body that represents debt collecting agents (see its Code of Practice), gives new powers that guarantee debt collectors won't contact you for at least 30 days, provided you've sought debt help or can show you are trying to repay your debts using a self-help tool.
The debt counselling service will inform collectors, which will then give you a month's breathing space to get yourself on a better footing.
Three organisations to contact for advice:
Citizens Advice Full debt and consumer advice service. Many bureaux have specialist caseworkers to deal with any type of debt, including repossessions and negotiation with creditors.
Find your nearest CA centre
Tel: 03444 111 444
Opening Times: Different for each bureau
Citizens Advice Northern Ireland is separate, but offers the same service.
Update 30 November 2020: With the Christmas period coming up, Citizens Advice is urging anybody needing help to get in touch as soon as they can.
StepChange Debt Charity  A full debt help service is available across the UK. Online support is also available via its debt advice tool where you can create a budget and get a personal action plan with practical next steps.
Tel: 0800 138 1111
Opening Times: Mon - Fri 8am to 8pm, Sat 8am to 4pm
Update 30 November 2020: StepChange will have reduced telephone service hours over the Christmas period, with phone lines not being open between 25 and 28 December 2020. Normal phone line services will resume on 5 January 2021. StepChange encourages anybody who is facing a difficult Christmas financially to get in touch as soon as they can.
National Debtline National Debtline provides free advice and resources to help people deal with their debts. Advice is available over the phone, online and via webchat.
Tel: 0808 808 4000
Opening Times: Mon - Fri 9am to 8pm, Sat 9.30am to 1pm
Update 30 November 2020: National Debtline says that the quickest way to speak to a specialist adviser is via its webchat option.
And the best of the rest...
Christians Against Poverty: Also specialises in helping those who are struggling emotionally. The religious focus is why they do it, not how they do it.
Civil Legal Advice: Legal advice on a small range of issues, including debt where your home is at risk.
Debt Advice Foundation: A debt advice and education charity offering one-to-one advice.
Debt Support Trust: A not-for-profit UK debt advice charity. Includes online debt analyser tool.
Business Debtline: Provides free advice and resources for both business and personal debts.
PayPlan: Free debt advice and solutions. It's a private company, but the advice is free.
Face-to-face help from local agencies
Make sure to check your local service is not-for-profit or a charity before signing up.
Community Money Advice: It has a map showing where you can get face-to-face debt advice – see if there's one in your area.
Money Advice Service: Its debt advice locator helps you search for a debt advice service near you.
Council: Ask your council if it knows of local advice centres.
What they do to help
These counsellors use a variety of techniques, such as:
Negotiating with creditors to freeze your interest.
Placing you on a debt management plan (DMP) where they negotiate with your creditors.
Point you towards an IVA (individual voluntary arrangement), debt relief order or even bankruptcy (not as scary as it sounds) – see the Debt Solutions guide for a full rundown of these options.
They will certainly show you how to prioritise the most important debts to enable you to keep food on the table and a roof over your head.
Many people are nervous about going or calling up, but these organisations are not judgmental. They're not there to tell you off, just to help you sort out the problem. Talking to them may help you sleep at night.
Unfortunately, the counselling services can be oversubscribed. If may take time to get an appointment with them. Meanwhile, use the information on their websites to start to plan.
The wrong people to go to...
Avoid any debt help or loan consolidation companies that advertise on TV or in some newspapers. Their job is to make money out of you, plain and simple.
While in the short term their plans will make your payments lower, in the long run it'll cost you dear. Avoid them. Don't touch them. Don't go near them.
This post from the forum explains it better than we ever could:
My wife and I are on a seven-year plan with StepChange Debt Charity having recently changed from a commercial debt management company after hearing Martin on Radio 2's Jeremy Vine show.
The simple action of swapping to StepChange Debt Charity has shaved over two years off the length of our plan as the money we were paying the management company now goes to our creditors instead!
Of course, that also means a financial saving of nearly eight grand over the term of the original plan's 10-year period.
This includes IVAs and debt-wiping companies. While they sound good, they're only for a few people. If either is for you, the debt counselling agencies should suggest it.
If you've used a debt management provider that's now gone out of business, check the Money Advice Service website for what to do if your debt management plan has stopped.
Debt tools: Free online help
A variety of info and help is available online to help manage your debt problems, so you can check out your options before contacting one of the debt agencies above.
Step 1. Do a detailed budget
You can't even start to sort out your finances unless you've done a detailed budget to understand where your money is going now. To help, first use our specially-designed free Budget Planner. The aim is to show you whether you spend more than you earn, can afford what you currently spend and exactly how much you have left to repay any debts.
Knowing your genuine monthly outgoings will then feed into the next steps.
Step 2. Online debt help tools
Debt counsellors don't have special powers, though they are taken a lot more seriously by creditors than individuals acting by themselves. If you want to, it is possible to make your own arrangements to try to freeze interest and make special repayment plans.
In general, the free help is usually a better idea. However, if you're keen to do it yourself, read the summary guide from Citizens Advice. Working through the techniques by yourself to see what's available is a useful guide, and should help you understand what the debt counsellors will do.
Here are a few tools to help you:
Cashflow. You need to set up an account with this tool via a registered debt agency (such as National Debtline) to check it's right for you, but once you're set up you can use Cashflow to agree a payment plan with your creditors. It includes template letters and a debt adviser will be able to monitor your progress and provide some support.
Debt Analyser. This quick tool from the Debt Advice Foundation helps you work out how much of your debts you can afford to pay back, eg, priorities like your mortgage or utilities and other creditors. It can then create a statement of affairs and individual creditor letters if you want to write to your lenders. The tool is best used in Excel (once saved to your computer), but there is an Open Office Calc version too.
Debt Remedy. This tool from StepChange Debt Charity helps you decide what action to take about your debts, based on your individual circumstances. It takes about 20 minutes to get through. If at any point you get stuck then, between the hours of 8am and 8pm on weekdays, you can have an online chat with a counsellor. The service is completely free and anonymous, so is great if you want to ask a question in complete confidence.
My Money Steps. Unless you've got complicated debts (eg, a dispute or court proceedings), if you live in England, Scotland or Wales you can use My Money Steps from National Debtline to find out how to deal with your debts. After registering (it only asks for a first name and email, so can be anonymous), you're asked questions about your current situation, including debts, income and expenditure. It takes about 15 minutes. You're then given a personal debt action plan with options on what you can do, including anything urgent. You can come back to it at any time to check or update.
Step 3: Ask the experts a question
If you're going through the scheme alone, you will almost certainly have some questions. There are a number of ways to get expert help while doing this:
StepChange Debt Charity has several counsellors answering questions in the MSE Forum on any debt issue. You can ask an open question in the discussion thread or send a private question to one of the counsellors. You need to be registered on the forum to ask a question.
Chat to a counsellor anonymously. By using the Debt Remedy tool, again from StepChange, you can get online help (click on the 'Get Help Now' button to get into the chat function at any time) from 8am to 8pm Monday to Friday.
Become a Debt-Free Wannabe
One important thing to remember about debt is you're not alone. Among the wider group of MoneySavers, this site has a specific community of people in various level of debt (from bankrupts to limited credit card overspending) all working together and supporting each other to get debt-free.
For support and encouragement, and to post your SOA (statement of affairs) to let others who are in debt and have been through many similar issues to pick through your finances, visit the Debt-Free Wannabe board (though for specific questions about this article itself, click this link).
It's completely free and can be anonymous
While it is necessary to register and pick your user name, only MoneySavingExpert.com itself will have access to your email – and the only reason this is needed is to stop people spamming the site. Rest assured, you will never be contacted or sold anything, and your email will never be passed on.
Share this guide
Facebook
Twitter
Whatsapp
Mailme
MSE Forum
Have your say in our forum!
Debt Problems
Spotted out of date info/broken links? Email: brokenlink@moneysavingexpert.com
MSE News
Martin's Blog
Deals Blog
NHS Covid-19 app to offer £500 self-isolation payments
10 December 2020
People in England who are instructed to self-isolate by the NHS Covid-19 app will now be able to claim a £500 Test and Trace Support Payment
Martin Lewis urges MPs to free mortgage prisoners, warning coronavirus is set to trap even more households
10 December 2020
Martin Lewis has called on the Government to act to help "mortgage prisoners" as he gave evidence to the Treasury Committee about the financial impact of the coronavirus pandemic, warning that more households could become trapped as a result of the crisis
Martin Lewis calls for 'explosive' buy now pay later market to be regulated at 'maximum speed'
10 December 2020
Martin Lewis has called for the "explosive" market for buy now, pay later products to be regulated as soon as possible in a Treasury Committee evidence session this week
UK travellers could be banned from visiting EU countries next year because of coronavirus restrictions
10 December 2020
UK holidaymakers could be banned from visiting EU countries next year as Brits may fall under non-EU travel restrictions - in place to help stop the spread of coronavirus - when the Brexit process is finalised
Martin Lewis warns MPs of 'catastrophic' effect on workers' finances without coronavirus support
10 December 2020
MoneySavingExpert.com founder and chair Martin Lewis has warned MPs that workers' finances could be permanently damaged without short-term support during the coronavirus crisis, as part of a Treasury Committee evidence session on the economic impact of the pandemic
Martin Lewis: Working from home due to coronavirus, even for a day? Claim a year's worth of tax relief
8 December 2020
Martin Lewis: Had a PPI payout? If so, you can reclaim the tax on it
7 December 2020
Martin Lewis: A glimmer of hope for excluded new-starter self-employed
16 November 2020
Martin Lewis: Payment holidays coming to an end – but should you take one? Mortgages, credit cards, loans, payday loans, car finance and more
3 November 2020
Within the last week, we've seen the extension of coronavirus credit card, personal loan and overdraft help to 31 October 2020, with mortgage payment holidays already extended. The regulator's other help schemes are also likely to be extended too, including car finance and payday loans, yet should you do it?
Is it time to ban Christmas presents?
26 October 2020
Update September 2017: It’s eight years since I first braved this subject, expecting a snowstorm of protest. Instead, year after year more join in, like Julia who recently tweeted me, “@MartinSLewis, finally took your advice and told my family I can’t afford Christmas presents. What a weight off my mind. Thank you.” One year even the Archbishop of...
£150 of Ciaté nail polish for £34 all-in
24 November 2020
Amazon Warehouse – get returned items or mildly damaged products for knock-down prices
24 November 2020
Trick gets TWO boxes of £2 Shreddies cereal for 60p - stack £1.50 coupon or cashback with supermarket offer
23 November 2020
£68ish of No7 make-up for £24
12 November 2020
20 tricks to access 1,000s of free e-books & audiobooks
10 November 2020
MSE Tools & Calculators
Clever ways to calculate your finances
Cheap Energy Club We ensure you're on the cheapest tariff Tool
Loans Eligibility All of the top unsecured personal loans Tool
Credit Card Eligibility Tools for different credit card types & purchases Tool
Mortgage best buys Compares thousands of mortgages Tool
Mortgage Calculator Eight calcs for all your mortgage sums Tool
Free complaints tool Resolver - the automated complaints system Tool
Show all
Show less
Tools and Calculators
How this site works
We think it's important you understand the strengths and limitations of the site. We're a journalistic website and aim to provide the best MoneySaving guides, tips, tools and techniques, but can't guarantee to be perfect, so do note you use the information at your own risk and we can't accept liability if things go wrong.
This info does not constitute financial advice, always do your own research on top to ensure it's right for your specific circumstances and remember we focus on rates not service.
We don't as a general policy investigate the solvency of companies mentioned (how likely they are to go bust), but there is a risk any company can struggle and it's rarely made public until it's too late (see the Section 75 guide for protection tips).
Do note, while we always aim to give you accurate product info at the point of publication, unfortunately price and terms of products and deals can always be changed by the provider afterwards, so double check first.
We often link to other websites, but we can't be responsible for their content.
Always remember anyone can post on the MSE forums, so it can be very different from our opinion.
MoneySavingExpert.com is part of the MoneySuperMarket Group, but is entirely editorially independent. Its stance of putting consumers first is protected and enshrined in the legally-binding MSE Editorial Code.
Please read the Full Terms & Conditions, Privacy Policy, Cookies Q&A, How this site is financed and MSE's Editorial Code.
More tools from
Premium Bonds Calc Unique tool uses probability to estimate winnings.
eBay Local Deals Mapper Find cheap pick-up only items near you - they often attract fewer bids.
Credit Club Turbo boost your credit chances and get your free Experian credit report.
Credit Card & Loans Eligibility Calculator Shows which top cards and loans you're most likely to get.
Cheap Energy Club Finds your cheapest energy & monitors to let you know when to switch again.
Compare Travel Money Our TravelMoneyMax tool compares 30+ bureaux to max your holiday cash.
Compare Broadband Deals Our Broadband Unbundled tool finds the cheapest broadband, phone and TV.
Income Tax Calculator Find out how much income you keep and how much the taxman takes.
About the site
MSE's editorial code
Site's funding
Sitemap
Jobs
Accessibility
Email FAQs
Site FAQs
Forum rules
New to forum?
Contacts
Press releases
Modern Slavery Act Statement
Martin's Biography
The MSE Charity Fund
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Instagram
Martin Lewis is a registered trade mark belonging to Martin S Lewis.
Get our Free Money Tips Email!
For all the latest deals, guides and loopholes - join the 12m who get it. Don't miss out
FAQs
Privacy Policy
Past Emails
Unsubscribe