http://www.wanyrobotics.com/privacy.html
TEMPL_HOME | TEMPL_CONTACT
| TEMPL_SEARCH | TEMPLATE_SITEMAP |
Contacts
Profile
Management
Jobs
Privacy Policy Notice
©2008 Wany, S.A. Montpellier, France. All rights reserved.Document date: 05/16/2008
wanyrobotics.com knows that you care how information about you is used and shared, and we appreciate your trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly. This notice describes our privacy policy. By visiting wanyrobotics.com, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Notice.
What Personal Information About Customers Does wanyrobotics.com Gather?
The information we learn from customers helps us personalize and continually improve your shopping experience at wanyrobotics.com. Here are the types of information we gather.
Information You Give Us: We receive and store any information you enter on our Web site or give us in any other way. You can choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of our features. We use the information that you provide for such purposes as responding to your requests, customizing future shopping for you, improving our stores, and communicating with you.
Automatic Information: We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us. For example, like many Web sites, we use "cookies," and we obtain certain types of information when your Web browser accesses wanyrobotics.com.
E-mail Communications: To help us make e-mails more useful and interesting, we often receive a confirmation when you open e-mail from wanyrobotics.com if your computer supports such capabilities.
What About Cookies?
Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser and to provide features such as greetings and storage of items in your Shopping Cart between visits.
The Help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. Additionally, you can disable or delete similar data used by browser add-ons, such as Flash cookies, by changing the add-on's settings or visiting the Website of its manufacturer. However, because cookies allow you to take advantage of some of Wany Robotics' essential features, we recommend that you leave them turned on. For instance, if you block or otherwise reject our cookies, you will not be able to add items to your Shopping Cart, proceed to Checkout, or use any wanyrobotics.com products and services that require you to Sign in.
Does wanyrobotics.com Share the Information It Receives?
Information about our customers is an important part of our business, and we are not in the business of selling it to others.
Third-Party Service Providers: We employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include fulfilling orders, delivering packages, sending postal mail and e-mail, removing repetitive information from customer lists, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, providing search results and links (including paid listings and links), processing credit card payments, and providing customer service. They have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes.
How Secure Is Information About Me?
We work to protect the security of your information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information you input.
It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer. Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer.
What About Third-Party Advertisers and Links to Other Websites?
Our site includes third-party advertising and links to other websites. We do not provide any personally identifiable customer information to these advertisers or third-party websites
These third-party websites and advertisers, or Internet advertising companies working on their behalf, sometimes use technology to send (or "serve") the advertisements that appear on our website directly to your browser. They automatically receive your IP address when this happens. They may also use cookies, JavaScript, web beacons (also known as action tags or single-pixel gifs), and other technologies to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize advertising content. We do not have access to or control over cookies or other features that they may use, and the information practices of these advertisers and third-party websites are not covered by this Privacy Notice. Please contact them directly for more information about their privacy practices.
Which Information Can I Access?
wanyrobotics.com gives you access to a broad range of information about your account and your interactions with wanyrobotics.com for the limited purpose of viewing and, in certain cases, updating that information.
Conditions of Use, Notices, and Revisions
If you choose to visit wanyrpbptocs.com, your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Notice and our Conditions of use, including limitations on damages, arbitration of disputes, and application of the law of France. If you have any concern about privacy at wanyrobotics.com, please contact us with a thorough description, and we will try to resolve it.
TEMPL_COPYLINE
TEMPL_TERMS | TEMPL_PRIVACY | TEMPL_COPYRIGHTS | TEMPLATE_SITEMAP