http://www.vibestreamer.com/privacy-policy/
Home
Features
Downloads
Screenshots
Manual
FAQ
Forum
Privacy Policy
Version Studio takes your privacy seriously. This privacy policy describes
what personal information we collect and how we use it.
Routine Information Collection
All web servers track basic information about their visitors. This information includes,
but is not limited to, IP addresses, browser details, timestamps and referring pages.
None of this information can personally identify specific visitors to this site.
The information is tracked for routine administration and maintenance purposes.
Cookies and Web Beacons
Where necessary, the Vibe Streamer website uses cookies to store information about
a visitor's preferences and history in order to better serve the visitor and/or present
the visitor with customized content.
Advertising partners and other third parties may also use cookies, scripts and/or web beacons
to track visitors to our site in order to display advertisements and other useful information.
Such tracking is done directly by the third parties through their own servers and is subject
to their own privacy policies.
Google
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on your site.
Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit
to your sites and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART
cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
Controlling Your Privacy
Note that you can change your browser settings to disable cookies if you have privacy concerns.
Disabling cookies for all sites is not recommended as it may interfere with your use of some sites.
The best option is to disable or enable cookies on a per-site basis. Consult your browser
documentation for instructions on how to block cookies and other tracking mechanisms.
Contact Information
Concerns or questions about this privacy policy can be directed to
for further clarification.
Free Download
Version: 3.0.2 (Nov 26 2009)
File Size: 2.9mb
Supported systems
Windows 2000 or later
Linux supported through Wine
Features
Free music streaming server
Open source (GPLv3)
Easy installation and setup
Monitor your streaming activities
No Adware or Spyware
More features
Support Vibe Streamer
Want to support us or simply show your appreciation?
Vibe Streamer is developed by versionstudio.com graphics and org idea by creationrebel | credits | partners | privacy policy