http://www.indianic.com/policies
About
Services Home Services Mobile Apps
Web Development
Design
DevOps
IoT
Interactive Content
AI & ML
QA
Technology Home TechnologyMobileHome Technology MobileiOS Android React Native Flutter Ionic Xamarin BackendHome Technology BackendNode PHP .NET Java Python Rails Front EndHome Technology Front EndAngular ReactJs Vue TypeScript WPF HTML 5 Infra and DevOpsHome Technology Infra and DevOpsAWS Google Cloud Azure Hudson Jenkins Appium Selenium Gradle DatabaseHome Technology DatabaseMySQL DynamoDB PostgreSQL Oracle Firebase MongoDB Redis CMSHome Technology CMSMagento WordPress Shopify Umbraco Drupal
Solutions Home SolutionsEnterpriseHome Solutions EnterpriseBusiness Automation Project Management Accounting Software Content Management Inventory Management B2BHome Solutions B2BFleet Management Online Container Booking Transport Booking Apps Learning Management Property Management Marketplace Solution B2CHome Solutions B2CGarage Workshop Homework Management Health & Fitness Restaurant Food Delivery
Work Home WorkPopular Brands A gallery of astonishing solutions delivered to the most recognized brands.Case Studies Explore how IndiaNIC delivered IT Solutions to Startups & Enterprises.Portfolio A glimpse to our expertise in design, development & industry experience. Methodology Home MethodologyDiscoveryTransforming ideas into a measurable scope with functional UI/UX Design.Project ExecutionGet to know how we balance the critical triangle of Cost, Time and Scope.Remote TeamForm an expert team who works remotely, under your supervision.Project ReviewProactive review at every stage for the efficient delivery.
Policies
Summary of our Privacy Policy
This is a summary of our new privacy policy which takes effect on May 25th, 2018. It covers every IndiaNIC website that links here, and all of the products and services contained on those websites. The detailed policy follows the same structure as this summary and constitutes the actual legal document.
Out commitment
IndiaNIC has never sold your information to any third party for advertising, monetary purpose or showing you other people’s ads and promotions, and we never will. This has been our approach and commitment for almost 20 years, and we remain the same to it. This policy explain you what information we do collect from you, what we do with it, who can access it, and what you can do about it.
Part I – Information IndiaNIC collects and controls
We only collect the information that we actually need and which is important to us to provide services to you. Some of that is information that you proactively give us while you contact us using email, contact forms or lead generation forms and ask for acquire our services or buy something from us. We store your name and contact information like phone, social profiles, address etc., and your own project related information.
When you visit one of our websites or use our service, we automatically log some basic information like how you got to the site, where you navigated within it, your location and what features and settings you use. We use this information to improve our websites and services and to drive serve you better while providing our services.
Sometimes we receive information indirectly. If you ask about our services through one of our referral programs or reselling partners, or sign in to one of our products through an authentication service provider like LinkedIn or Google, Facebook they’ll pass on your contact information to us. We’ll use that information to complete the request that you made. If you engage with our brand on social media (for instance, liking, commenting, retweeting, mentioning, or following us), we’ll have access to your interactions and profile information. We’ll still have that information even if you later remove it from the social media site.
What we do with your information
We use your information to provide the services you’ve requested, create and maintain your accounts. We also use it to communicate with you about the services you’re currently using, your customer support requests, new services you may like, chances for you to give us feedback, and policy updates. We analyze the information we collect to understand user needs and to improve our websites and services.
We are required to have a legal basis for collecting and processing your information. In most cases, we either have your consent or need the information provide the service you’ve requested from us. When that’s not the case, we must demonstrate that we have another legal basis, such our legitimate business interests.
You can decline certain kinds of information use either by not providing the information in the first place or by opting out later. You can also disable cookies to prevent your browser from giving us information, but if you do so, certain website features may not work properly. We completely disable third-party cookies from all IndiaNIC websites.
We limit access to your personal information to our employees and vendors who have a legitimate need to use it.
The European Economic Area (EEA) provides certain rights to data subjects (including access, rectification, erasure, restriction of processing, data portability, and the right to object and to complain). IndiaNIC undertakes to provide you the same rights no matter where you choose to live.
We keep your personal information for as long as it is required for the purposes stated in the Privacy Policy. When we no longer have a legitimate need to process your information, we will delete, anonymize, or isolate your information whichever is appropriate.
Part II – Information that IndiaNIC processes on your behalf
If you handle other people’s data using IndiaNIC services, such as information about your customers or employees, you are entrusting that data to us for processing.
Being a service providers you may share your customers, employees, vendors data as a part of project development process. You own your service data. We protect it, limit access to it, and only process it according to your instructions. You may access it, share it through third-party integrations, and request that we export or delete it.
We hold the data as long as you choose to use IndiaNIC services. After you terminate your contract, We may keep the data backup if you choose so for certain period of time, your data will be deleted from our development and backup server with your consent.
If you are in the European Economic Area and you believe that someone has entrusted your information to us for processing (for instance, your employee, your employer or a company whose services you use), you can request certain actions from us regarding your data. To exercise those data rights, please contact the person or company that entrusted the data to us and we will work with them on your request.
Part III – General
There are some limitations to the privacy we can promise you. We will disclose personal information if it’s necessary to comply with a legal obligation, prevent fraud, enforce an agreement, or protect our users’ safety. We do not currently honor Do Not Track signals from internet browsers; when a universal standard for processing them emerges, we will follow it.
Third-party websites and social media widgets have their own separate privacy policies. Always check the relevant privacy policy before sharing personal information with third parties.
You can always contact us to: ask questions about our privacy practices, request a GDPR-compliant Data Processing Addendum, alert us if you believe we have collected personal data from a minor, or ask to have your personal information removed from our blogs or forums. You can also check our Security Policy and Privacy Policy.
We will contact you to let you know if we make any major changes to our privacy policy, or in the highly unlikely event that we ever decide to sell our services.
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy statement is made by the IndiaNIC Group consisting of all the entities listed here (collectively, “IndiaNIC”, “we”, “us” or “our”) and is effective as of 25th May 2018. It applies to all our divisions: IndiaNIC Infotech Limited and Netlancers Inc DBA IndiaNIC.
IndiaNIC’s Privacy Commitment
IndiaNIC has worried about customer and user privacy for almost 20 years, long before it become politically correct, fashionable, or legally binding to take such position. We ask / collect only the least amount of information necessary gathering only when we believe is essential for doing business, or for the specific transaction at hand. We let customers know the information we have on them and allow them to opt out for specific engagements. But, our biggest commitment is that we do not make a single dollar from advertising revenu-never have, never will, even if you just have submit a enquiry for project and does not opt to our services. We avoid the fundamental conflict of interest between gathering customer information and fueling advertising revenue, and the inevitable compromises in customer privacy that it brings.
The goal of this policy is to make explicit the information we gather on our customers and website users, how we will use it, and how we will not. This policy is unfortunately longer that we would like, but we must unambiguously address all the relevant cases. We will try and keep the language simple and direct as much as possible.
Scope of this Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy applies to all IndiaNIC websites that link to it. It also applies to the products and services provided by IndiaNIC through these websites, our mobile applications. This Privacy Policy does not apply to any of our websites, products or services that have a separate privacy policy.
This Privacy Policy is divided into three parts:
Part I – Information IndiaNIC collects and controls
This part deals with how IndiaNIC collects and uses information about website visitors, potential customers, users of IndiaNIC’s services, and others who contact IndiaNIC through forms or email addresses published on or linked to our websites.
Part II – Information that IndiaNIC processes on your behalf
This part deals with how IndiaNIC handles data that you entrust to IndiaNIC when you use our products and services, or when you share any personal or confidential information with us while requesting customer support.
Part III – General
This part deals with topics that are relevant to both Parts I and II, and other general topics such as IndiaNIC’s security commitments and how we will inform you when we change this Privacy Policy.
Part I – Information IndiaNIC collects and controls
What information IndiaNIC collects
We collect information about you only if we need the information for some legitimate purpose. IndiaNIC will have information about you only if (a) you have provided the information yourself, (b) IndiaNIC has automatically collected the information, or (c) IndiaNIC has obtained the information from a third party. Below we describe the various scenarios that fall under each of those three categories and the information collected in each one.
Information that you provide us
Enquiry Form / Email / Third Party Partners to generate new enquiries : When you contact us using online web form, email to obtain or enquire regarding one or more of our services, we ask for information like your name, contact number, email address, company name and country to complete the enquiry process. You may also provide us with more information such as your photo, time zone and language, but we don’t require that information for initial contact. Once you submit the enquiry in any above mentioned form, our legitimate employees will have direct access to your information to further process the enquiry and contact you in regard with obtaining pre-sales information regarding your business and project related information.
Surveys, Feedback and other form submissions: We record information that you submit when you (i) register for any event, including webinars or seminars, (ii) subscribe to our newsletter or any other mailing list, (iii) submit a form in order to download portfolio, company profile, whitepaper, or other materials, (iv) participate in contests or respond to surveys, or (v) submit a form to request customer support or to contact IndiaNIC for any other purpose.
Project Creation : When you acquire or sign a contract to buy any of our services, we ask you to provide your name, contact information, personal details, project related information, social media profile links and timezone. We store all of this information to our secured project management software (ERP).
Payment processing : When you acquire or buy any of services from us, we ask you to provide your name, contact information, and credit card information or paypal. We NEVER STORE any of your Payment related information including credit card, bank details, paypal details or any other means through which your choose to make a payment. All payments are getting processed with secured servers of our Payment Gateway Service Providers.
Testimonials : When you authorize us to post testimonials about our products and services on websites, we may include your name and other personal information in the testimonial. You will be given an opportunity to review and approve the testimonial before we post it. If you wish to update or delete your testimonial, you can contact us through this form.
Interactions with IndiaNIC : We may record, analyze and use your interactions with us, including email, telephone, and chat conversations with our sales, project management, account management and customer support professionals, for improving our interactions with you and other customers.
Information that we collect automatically
Information from browsers, devices and servers : When you visit our websites, we collect information that web browsers, mobile devices and servers make available, such as the internet protocol address, browser type, language preference, time zone, referring URL, date and time of access, operating system, mobile device manufacturer, mobile network information and your geographic information. We include these in our log files to understand more about visitors to our websites.
Information from first party cookies and tracking technologies : We use temporary and permanent cookies to identify users of our services and to enhance user experience. We also use cookies, tags, scripts, and other similar technologies to identify visitors, track website navigation, gather demographic information about visitors and users, understand email campaign effectiveness and for targeted visitor and user engagement by tracking your activities on our websites. We use third-party tracking services like google analytics and google tag manager to understand the behaviour of our website visitors and serve them better.
Information from application logs and mobile analytics : We collect information about your use of our website and mobile applications from application logs and third party analytics tools, and use it to understand how your business use and needs can improve our services. This information includes clicks, scrolls, features accessed, access time and frequency, errors generated, performance data, and configurations, and devices used to access and their locations.
Information that we collect from third parties
Referrals : If someone has referred any of our products or services to you through any of our referral programs, that person may have provided us your name, email address and other personal information. You may contact us through this form to request that we remove your information from our database. If you provide us information about another person, or if another person gives us your information, we will only use that information for the specific reason for which it was provided to us.
Information from social media sites and other publicly available sources : When you interact or engage with us on social media sites such as Facebook, Twitter, Google+ and Instagram through posts, comments, questions and other interactions, we may collect such publicly available information, including profile information, to allow us to connect with you, improve our services, or better understand user reactions and issues. We must tell you that once collected, this information may remain with us even if you delete it from the social media sites.
Purposes for using information
In addition to the purposes mentioned above, we may use your information for the following purposes:
To communicate with you (such as through email) about projects that you have and services that you have enquired for, changes to this Privacy Policy, changes to the Terms of Service, or important notices;
To keep you posted on new products and services, upcoming events, offers, promotions and other information that we think will be of interest to you;
To ask you to participate in surveys, or to solicit feedback on our products and services;
To set up and maintain your account, and to do all other things required for providing our services, such as enabling collaboration, requirement gathering, project development, and deployment of project;
To understand how users use our products and services, to monitor and prevent problems, and to improve our products and services;
To provide customer support, and to analyze and improve our interactions with customers;
To detect and prevent fraudulent transactions and other illegal activities, to report spam, and to protect the rights and interests of IndiaNIC, IndiaNIC’s users, third parties and the public;
To update, expand and analyze our records, identify new customers, and provide products and services that may be of interest to you;
To analyze trends, administer our websites, and track visitor navigations on our websites to understand what visitors are looking for and to better help them;
To monitor and improve marketing campaigns and make suggestions relevant to the user.
Legal bases for collecting and using information
Legal processing bases applicable to IndiaNIC : If you are an individual from the European Economic Area (EEA), our legal basis for information collection and use depends on the personal information concerned and the context in which we collect it. Most of our information collection and processing activities are typically based on (i) contractual necessity, (ii) one or more legitimate interests of IndiaNIC or a third party that are not overridden by your data protection interests, or (iii) your consent. Sometimes, we may be legally required to collect your information, or may need your personal information to protect your vital interests or those of another person.
Withdrawal of consent : Where we rely on your consent as the legal basis, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time, but this will not affect any processing that has already taken place.
Legitimate interests notice : Where we rely on legitimate interests as the legal basis and those legitimate interests are not specified above, we will clearly explain to you what those legitimate interests are at the time that we collect your information.
Your choice in information use
Opt out of non-essential electronic communications : You may opt out of receiving newsletters and other non-essential messages by using the ‘unsubscribe’ function included in all such messages. However, you will continue to receive notices and essential transactional emails, related to services you acquired for.
Disable cookies : You can disable browser cookies before visiting our websites. However, if you do so, you may not be able to use certain features of the websites properly.
Who we share your information with
All IndiaNIC group entities listed here have access to the information covered in Part I. We do not sell any personal information. We share your information only in the ways that are described in this Privacy Policy, and only with parties who adopt appropriate confidentiality and security measures.
Employees and independent vendors : Employees and independent vendors of all IndiaNIC group entities have access to the information covered in Part I on a need-to-know basis. We require all employees and independent vendors of IndiaNIC group entities to follow this Privacy Policy for personal information that we share with them.
Third-party service providers : We may need to share your personal information and aggregated or de-identified information with third-party service providers that we engage, such as marketing and advertising partners, event organizers, web analytics providers and payment processors. These service providers are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to us.
Other cases : Other scenarios in which we may share the same information covered under Parts I and II are described in Part III.
Your rights with respect to information we hold about you as a controller
If you are in the European Economic Area (EEA), you have the following rights with respect to information that IndiaNIC holds about you. IndiaNIC undertakes to provide you the same rights no matter where you choose to live.
Right to access : You have the right to access (and obtain a copy of, if required) the categories of personal information that we hold about you, including the information source, purpose and period of processing, and the persons to whom the information is shared.
Right to rectification : You have the right to update the information we hold about you or to rectify any inaccuracies. Based on the purpose for which we use your information, you can instruct us to add supplemental information about you.
Right to erasure : You have the right to request that we delete your personal information in certain circumstances, such as when it is no longer necessary for the purpose for which it was originally collected.
Right to restriction of processing : You may also have the right to request to restrict the use of your information in certain circumstances, such as when you have objected to our use of your data but we need to verify whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to use it.
Right to object : You have the right to object to the use of your information in certain circumstances, such as the use of your personal information for direct marketing.
Right to complain : You have the right to complain to the appropriate supervisory authority if you have any grievance against the way we collect, use or share your information. This right may not be available to you if there is no supervisory authority dealing with data protection in your country.
Retention of information
We retain your personal information for as long as it is required for the purpose stated in this privacy policy. We may retain your information for longer periods as permitted or required by law, such as to maintain suppression lists, prevent abuse, if required in connection with a legal claim or proceeding, to enforce our agreements, for tax, accounting, or comply with other legal obligations. We may store your information as we do required information related to our customers for legal means and financing and future contact purpose.
Part II – Information that IndiaNIC processes on your behalf
Information entrusted to IndiaNIC and purpose
Information provided in connection with services : You may entrust information that you or your organization (“you”) control, to IndiaNIC in connection with use of our services or for requesting technical support for our services. This includes information regarding your customers and your employees (if you are a controller) or data that you hold and use on behalf of another person for a specific purpose, such as a customer to whom you provide services (if you are a processor). The data may either be stored on our servers when you use our services, or transferred or shared to us as part of a request for technical support or other services.
(All the information entrusted to IndiaNIC is collectively termed “service data”)
Ownership and control of your service data
We recognize that you own your service data. We provide you complete control of your service data by providing you the ability to (i) access your service data, (ii) share your service data through supported third-party integrations, and (iii) request export or deletion of your service data.
How we use service data
We process your service data when you provide us instructions through the various phases of our services or project development.
Who we share service data with
IndiaNIC group and third party sub-processors : In order to provide services and technical support during the development, the contracting entity for which you want to acquired third-party services.
Employees and independent vendors : We may provide access to your service data to our employees and individuals who are independent contractors of the IndiaNIC group entities involved in providing the services (collectively our “employees”) so that they can (i) identify, analyze and resolve errors, (ii) manually verify emails reported as spam to improve spam detection, We ensure that access by our employees to your service data is restricted to specific individuals, and is logged and audited. Our employees will also have access to data that you knowingly share with us for project development, technical support or to import data for testing purpose for project development needs. We communicate our privacy and security guidelines to our employees and strictly enforce privacy safeguards within the IndiaNIC group.
Third-party integrations you have enabled : If you choose to enable any third-party integrations with your project, you may be allowing the third party to access your service information and personal information about you. We encourage you to review the privacy practices of the third-party services and products before you enable integrations with them.
Other cases : Other scenarios in which we may share information that are common to information covered under Parts I and II are described in Part III.
Retention of information
We hold the data in your account as long as you choose to use IndiaNIC Services. Once you terminate your contract with IndiaNIC or Project is completed and delivered, your data, code, database will be stored for backup and repository purpose only in secured environment. Your personal and service data information being a client will be stored within our ERP for future reference and accounting purpose.
Data subject requests
If you are from the European Economic Area and you believe that we store, use or process your information on behalf of one of our customers, please contact the customer support if you would like to access, rectify, erase, restrict or object to processing, or export your personal data. We will extend our support to our customer in responding to your request within a reasonable timeframe.
Part III – General
Children’s personal information
Our services are not directed to individuals under 16. IndiaNIC does not knowingly collect personal information from children who are under 16 years of age. If we become aware that a child under 16 has provided us with personal information, we will take steps to delete such information. If you believe that a child under 16 years has provided personal information to us, please write to through this form with the details, and we will take the necessary steps to delete the information we hold about that child.
How secure is your information
We have taken steps to implement appropriate administrative, technical & physical safeguards to prevent unauthorized access, use, modification, disclosure or destruction of the information you entrust to us. If you have any concerns regarding the security of your data, we encourage you to check our Security Policy or write to us through this form with any questions.
Locations and international transfers
We share your personal information and service data within the IndiaNIC Group. By accessing or using our products and services or otherwise providing personal information or service data to us, you consent to the processing, transfer, and storage of your personal information or Service Data within the United States of America, the European Economic Area (EEA) and other countries where IndiaNIC operates. Such transfer is subject to a group company agreement that is based on EU Commission’s Model Contractual Clauses.
Do Not Track (DNT) requests
Some internet browsers have enabled ‘Do Not Track’ (DNT) features, which send out a signal (called the DNT signal) to the websites that you visit indicating that you don’t wish to be tracked. Currently, there is no standard that governs what websites can or should do when they receive these signals. For now, we do not take action in response to these signals.
External links on our websites
Some pages of our websites may contain links to websites that are not linked to this Privacy Policy. If you submit your personal information to any of these third-party sites, your personal information is governed by their privacy policies. As a safety measure, we recommend that you not share any personal information with these third parties unless you’ve checked their privacy policies and assured yourself of their privacy practices.
Blogs and forums
We offer publicly accessible blogs on our websites. Please be aware that any information you provide on these blogs may be used to contact you with unsolicited messages. We urge you to be cautious in disclosing personal information in our blogs and forums. IndiaNIC is not responsible for the personal information you elect to disclose publicly. Your posts and certain profile information may remain even after you terminate your account with IndiaNIC. To request the removal of your information from our blogs, you can contact us through this form.
Social media widgets
Our websites and blog include social media widgets such as Facebook “like” buttons and Twitter “tweet” buttons that let you share articles and other information. These widgets may collect information such as your IP address and the pages you navigate in the website, and may set a cookie to enable the widgets to function properly. Your interactions with these widgets are governed by the privacy policies of the companies providing them.
Disclosures in compliance with legal obligations
We may be required by law to preserve or disclose your personal information and service data to comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request, including to meet national security requirements.
Enforcement of our rights
We may disclose personal information and service data to a third party if we believe that such disclosure is necessary for preventing fraud, investigating any suspected illegal activity, enforcing our agreements or policies, or protecting the safety of our users.
Business Transfers
We do not intend to sell our business. However, in the unlikely event that we sell our business or get acquired or merged, we will ensure that the acquiring entity is legally bound to honor our commitments to you. We will notify you via email or through a prominent notice on our website of any change in ownership or in the uses of your personal information and service data. We will also notify you about any choices you may have regarding your personal information and service data.
Compliance with this Privacy Policy
We make every effort, including periodic reviews, to ensure that the personal information you provide is used in conformity with this Privacy Policy. If you have any concerns about our adherence to this Privacy Policy or the manner in which your personal information is used, kindly write to us through this form. We’ll contact you, and if required, coordinate with the appropriate regulatory authorities to effectively address your concerns.
Notification of changes
We may modify the Privacy Policy at any time, upon notifying you through a service announcement or by sending an email to your primary email address. If we make significant changes to the Privacy Policy that affect your rights, you will be provided with at least 30 days’ advance notice of the changes by email to your primary email address. If you think that the updated Privacy Policy affects your rights with respect to your use of our products or services, you may terminate your use by sending us an email within 30 days. Your continued use after the effective date of changes to the Privacy Policy will be deemed to be your agreement to the modified Privacy Policy. You will not receive email notification of minor changes to the Privacy Policy. If you are concerned about how your personal information is used, you should check back at Our Policies periodically.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Governing Law
The terms and conditions and transactions contemplated hereby shall be governed by and construed and interpreted in accordance with, the state of Gujarat, India, without regard to the choice-of-law principles thereof. The United Nations Convention on the Contracts for the international Sale of Goods shall not apply to any agreement done with IndiaNIC or its subsidiary or parent company/companies. Any action seeking legal or equitable relief arising out of or relating to these Terms or the Manual will be brought only in the courts of Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India.
Refund Policy
IndiaNIC believes in helping its customers as much as possible, and has therefore a considerate cancellation policy. We, as a merchant, provide a service that comes in the form of services. As such, our offering is not a tangible product that can be returned for a refund. It can be used immediately upon receipt; there is no product to return.
IndiaNIC undertakes all projects under the purview of Milestones that dictate the direction / road-map followed by the project.
All Web Design/ Development/ Applications are carried out and accepted upon a complete analysis and creation of a complete scope document, in order to make sure that teams have complete understanding of the work needed to be done, elimination possibilities of a project cancellation / reversal / dispute.
Since IndiaNIC and the Clientele realize that there is work involved in achieving every milestone of the project and completion of every module, a refund would not be possible for the work already completed.
IndiaNIC makes sure that in case of a project termination on a mutual basis, the client has control of all the work done till that date and the money, if paid for further development, is returned.
IndiaNIC also respects a decision made by a client to work with a different provider within 48 hours of the project initiation. In such a scenario IndiaNIC would refund the amount for the project that has been paid till date.
No cancellations are entertained for those Services that the IndiaNIC marketing team has offered on special occasions. These are limited occasion offers and therefore cancellations are not possible.
Development Services and Consulting – if the services opted by you are T&M (Time & Material) based services or Hire Dedicated Developer service, these are non-refundable.
Cancellation Policy
All cancellation requests must be submitted to Project Management Office (PMO) of IndiaNIC. You may submit your cancellation requests by e-mail. Your request will not be considered valid unless and until you receive confirmation from our Project Management Office.
We take minimum 2 weeks to process the cancellation request.
Cancellation of project is based on service level agreement, as agreed with you while starting the project.
Once project is released for beta delivery, cannot be canceled.
In event of cancellation of project mutually decided between you & IndiaNIC, you have to pay for efforts invested in project up to date of cancellation.
Source Code, Design or any other material related to project will not be delivered if payment is not settled by you.
Delivery Policy
We are in service business and doesn’t have tangible item to deliver. So there is no chance of missing or misplacement of any item. Our deliverables are in form of designs file, software code & compiled application. These deliverable are delivered to you in form of electronic files using our collaboration tool or email. Thereafter you have to save a copy of delivered electronic files on your server or on any storage media. Up-to 30 days from delivery date IndiaNIC can re-deliver the electronic files to you, thereafter IndiaNIC doesn’t owe the responsibility.
NavigatePoliciesIndia201, Dev Arc, SG Road, Ahmedabad 380015, Gujarat, India
USA499, N. Canon Drive, Suite 215, Beverly Hills CA 90210 USAAustralia55 Queens Rd, Melbourne VIC 3004, AustraliaHave a project overview?Submit a formShare detaild specificationhello@indianic.comBegin a quick discussion Chat with our executive Connect on the go via Whatsapp+1 (408) 548 7239