http://www.xlcubed.com/privacy
EN | FR
Products
Excel Edition
Web Edition
Mobile
Create Message
For Power BI
Why XLCubed?
Pricing
Solutions
Industries
Financial Services
Oil and Gas
Life Sciences
Retail
Insurance
Healthcare
Customer Case Studies
Planning
Resources
What's New?
Training & Support
Data Visualisation
News
Blog
Wiki
Video Library
Documents & White Papers
Partners
Current Partners
Partner Solutions
Solitwork AFC
Partner Portal
Become A Partner
About
Contact Us
History
Corporate Responsibility
XLCubed Careers
Free Trial
Buy Now
Privacy Policy
XLCubed Privacy Policy
XLCubed Ltd are committed to protecting the privacy of your personal information while using our products, websites or services. This privacy policy details how we collect and process personally identifiable information and data, including information that you provide to us. By using our website, products or services, you consent to the collection, sharing and use of information as described in this document.
This website may contain links to other websites. XLCubed Ltd is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites. We may place advertising on our site that originates from third party advertisers and/or advertising agencies. Even though these advertisements are embedded in our Web site, cookies may be assigned by the advertisers themselves. XLCubed Ltd does not control those cookies.
Collecting your personal information
Personal information is information which identifies you individually, such as email address or phone number. Personal Information is collected by XLCubed on our websites, for example when you register to evaluate XLCubed software, or to join a webinar, or for our newsletter. The personal information collected is Name, Email, Company, City, Country, Phone Number. We will only ever collect, process and store the essential information required for making contact with you within a business environment.
XLCubed collects and stores statistics and other information about the online activities of our users on an aggregated (collected) basis. For example, we track the number of people who view each page, the order in which pages are viewed, and other information to learn which features are the most popular and to refine our design and marketing efforts.
XLCubed may also use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Web site. Your IP address is used to gather broad demographic information.
Legitimate Interest Assessment (LIA)
XLCubed stores personal information relating to our customers and business partners. As advised by the ICO, XLCubed has carried out a Legitimate Interest Assessment (LIA) on this data, and based on that assessment it is deemed that the rights and freedoms of the data subjects would not be overridden in our correspondence and processing relating to XLCubed products and services, as described below.  You may however opt-out of marketing contact at any time: https://www.xlcubed.com/optout. When opting out, you will no longer be contacted through our marketing channels, and will be removed from our databases within 1 month.
Use of your personal information
This information is used to:
contact you to provide the evaluation software, or information resources relating to the software and usage
contact you with communications relating to XLCubed product or company updates
contact you to promote XLCubed-related events such as webinars and customer events
make the website easier for you to navigate and use
provide you with products or service you have ordered
help us create and deliver content most relevant to you through website customisation
XLCubed will only use personal information for the purposes which it has been collected for or subsequently authorized for by the individual.
You can opt-out of marketing contact at any time: https://www.xlcubed.com/optout
Sharing personal information
The information may be shared with authorised XLCubed partners (such as distributors, resellers or implementors of XLCubed software who represent XLCubed in your geographic region).
XLCubed will only share personal information to the extent needed to perform the uses listed above. XLCubed does not rent or sell personal information to third parties. Users may opt-out of receiving mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below.
You agree that we may assign, sell, license or otherwise transfer to a third party your personal information in connection with an assignment, sale, joint venture or other transfer or disposition of all or substantially all of the assets or capital stock of XLCubed Ltd or its affiliated entities.
COOKIES
XLCubed Ltd may use cookies. You should be aware that information on you may be automatically collected through the use of cookies, when you use the XLCubed Ltd website.
What is a cookie?
A cookie is a small file, which is placed on your device when you visit a website or open certain emails.
How does XLCubed Ltd use cookies?
We use information from cookies for purposes which may include:
Enabling you to move more easily around the websites;
Tracking your use of the websites to better develop them (for example, working out which parts of the website are more popular and developing our content accordingly)
How do I manage or refuse cookies?
If you do not want information to be collected through the use of cookies, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows you to deny or accept the cookies feature. Please note, however, that there may be some deterioration in the service you receive.
For more detailed information on how to manage or disable cookies, please go to: http://www.aboutcookies.org/. To opt out of the use of specific cookies, please see below.
If you do not set your browser to refuse cookies, you consent to their use in collecting your information as set out in this Privacy Policy.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. We may be required to release personal information about you as a result of a lawsuit or subpoena or as immediately necessary to protect our rights or the rights and safety of others.
Notwithstanding the points above, it shoud be noted that "perfect security" does not exist on the internet.
Choice/Opt-Out
Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us and our partners at the point where we request information about the visitor.
This site gives users the option of removing their information from our database so as to not receive future communications or no longer receive our service.
Simply update your preference on the site at https://www.xlcubed.com/optout .
Stay Updated
Subscribe to the XLCubed newsletter.
Latest features
Version releases
News and events
First and Last Name
Email
Company
- Optional
There was a problem submitting your form. Please check all fields and try again
Thanks for subscribing to the XLCubed newsletter
Privacy Policy