http://www.softdepia.com/privacy_eraser_free_download_15588.html
HOME
TOP DOWNLOADS
NEW
BEST BUY
PAD SUBMIT
Privacy Eraser Free
Utilities & Drivers > Security & Encryption
Name:
Privacy Eraser Free
Status:
Free to try, available for download
Version:
4.44
Platform:
Windows 98/ME/NT/2K/XP/2003
Size:
5.01 MB
Author:
Cybertron Software Co., Ltd.
Published:
Nov 01, 2018
Statistics:
Privacy Eraser Free
E-mail:
See inside the software
Home Page:
Cybertron Software Co., Ltd.
Submit your opinion
1
2
3
4
5
Download the screenshot
Privacy Eraser Free download
Buy now for $0.00
Privacy Eraser Free - description from Softdepia.com:
The windows "delete" button and the "empty recycle bin" option does NOT DELETE your files. Any software recovery tool can recover all of it. Privacy Eraser Pro can permanently delete the history of your Internet and past computer activities. Cleaning up the history of your activities can be a tedious chore of manually removing each history file or entry. Privacy Eraser Pro supports Microsoft Windows FAT/FAT32/NTFS file systems. If privacy and disk space are to be maintained, this process must be performed every time you use your computer. Privacy Eraser Pro can automate this process for you! Eraser supports popular web browsers such as Internet Explorer, Mozilla, Firefox, Netscape, AOL, Opera and MSN Explorer. It can quickly delete history on your computer! With simply one click, Privacy Eraser allows you to delete browser history, delete internet history, delete address bar history, delete internet cache, cookies, autocomplete memory, saved password, index.dat files of your browser, and Window's swap file, temp folders, run history, search history, open/save history, recent documents and more. The cookie cleaning feature allows you to specify cookies to keep, so that you don't delete your important login cookies. With Privacy Eraser Pro you can schedule cleaning tasks run at a time that is most convenient for you. In addition, Privacy Eraser Pro supports free plug-ins to extend cleaning features, you can easily erase the tracks of popular programs and make your own plug-ins. Lets Privacy Eraser Pro to operate in an invisible mode. In Stealth Mode, Privacy Eraser Pro will not show an icon on the system tray, but it can still work in the background.
Privacy Eraser Free - description from developer:
Privacy Eraser is an all-in-one privacy suite that protects your privacy by cleaning up all your Internet history tracks and past computer activities. It supports popular web browsers such as Internet Explorer, Microsoft Edge, Mozilla Firefox, Google Chrome, Safari and Opera.
With simply one click, Privacy Eraser can quickly erase the Internet cache, cookies, browsing history, address bar history, typed urls, autocomplete form history, saved password and index.dat files of your browser, and Windows run history, search history, open/save history, recent documents, temporary files, recycle bin, clipboard, taskbar jump lists, dns cache, log files, memory dumps, error reporting and much more.
Furthermore, Privacy Eraser supports plug-ins to extend cleaning features, you can easily delete the tracks left by any applications by making your own plug-ins. Privacy Eraser embedded more than 250 FREE plug-ins which supports the most popular programs such as ACDSee, Adobe Reader, Microsoft Office, WinZip, WinRAR, Windows Media Player, VLC Player, eMule, BitTorrent, Google Toolbar and many others. With the flexible, highly customizable and open plug-in architecture, you can even customize your own exclusive Privacy Eraser!
Privacy Eraser works on Microsoft Windows 10/8.x/7/Vista/2012/2008 (32/64-bit) and supports Microsoft Windows FAT16/FAT32/exFAT/NTFS file systems, completely implements and exceeds the US Department of Defense and NSA clearing and sanitizing standard, to gives you confidence that once erased, your file data is gone forever and can not be recovered.
Privacy Eraser Free is a "Free to try" program. You can download and try it for an evaluation period.
Top Downloads /
Best Buy /
New /
Support /
FAQ /
Software Author
Web
www.softdepia.com
Terms of Use
Refund Policy
Copyright © 2001-2020 Softdepia.com
Best Buy
CopyTo
CopyToDVD is a new generation tool to backup all your music and data files. CopyToDVD contains sever...
more...
CuteFTP
CuteFTP is a file transfer application that's easy for beginners to use and has enough features...
more...
InfoLayout
Using InfoLayout you can create thumbnails for pictures and video files on any media including your ...
more...
DVD Ripper Copy Pro
DVD Ripper Copy Pro is the easiest way to copy DVD to VCD /
SVCD. Download your copy of DVD Ripper ...
more...
BlindWrite -
CD and DVD copy
Easy & powerful solution to backup media,
save money by creating private copy.
BlindWrite Suite sa...
more...