http://www.sembee.co.uk/terms.html
Terms of Use
Microsoft Exchange and Remote Desktop Services Specialists
0345 644 2669
contact@sembee.co.uk
Home
Services
Exchange Server Consultancy
Exchange Server Maintenance
Remote Desktop Services
Outsourced Consultancy
About
Blog
Contact
Home
Services  >
Exchange Server Consultancy
Exchange Server Maintenance
Remote Desktop Services
Outsourced Consultancy
About
Blog
Contact
Terms of Use
Important: Please read these Terms and Conditions of use carefully before starting to use this website. We recommend you print a copy for future reference.
Terms and conditions of use
Your use of this website and the documents, files and other information available through it is subject to the following terms and conditions, as amended by us from time to time by amending this page.
By using our website you are confirming that you accept these terms and that you agree to comply with them. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions of use, you must not use this website.
GENERAL
This website is provided by Sembee Limited, a company incorporated in England and Wales (company number 4704428), whose registered office is at 1 Carnegie Road, Newbury, Berkshire, RG14 5DJ. Our VAT number is GB904560343. Our email address is contact@sembee.co.uk
References on this website and in these terms and conditions to:
“Sembee” or “we” or “our” or “us” shall mean Sembee Limited and/or its affiliated undertakings; and
“you” or “your” shall mean the user of this website. You are responsible for ensuring that all persons who access our website through your internet connection are aware of these terms of use and other applicable terms and conditions and that they comply with them.
You agree not to use this website for any commercial or business purposes and we have no liability to you for any loss of profit, loss of business, business interruption or loss of business opportunity.
WEBSITE CONTENT
Whilst we endeavour to ensure that content on the website is accurate at the date of publication, no warranties or representations are given as to its accuracy, completeness, reliability, suitability or quality. Content may subsequently be superseded and we give no guarantees that content will be updated after the date of publication. As such, we accept no responsibility for the accuracy, completeness, reliability, suitability or quality of any content on the website and to the fullest extent permissible by law, we exclude all conditions, warranties, representations or other terms which may apply to our website or any content on it (whether express or implied) and all liability (save in respect of death or personal injury caused by negligence and for fraud) for any loss or damage caused by using or relying upon the content appearing on this website. In particular, we will not be liable to you or any third party for any indirect or consequential loss or damage including any financial loss, loss of profit, revenue or business, business interruption, loss of anticipated savings, loss of business opportunity, goodwill or reputation.
We do not guarantee that our website, or any content on it, will always be available or be uninterrupted. Access is permitted on a temporary basis and we may suspend, withdraw, discontinue or change all or any part of our website without notice. We will not be liable to you if for any reason our website is unavailable at any time or for any period.
We cannot guarantee that this website and its document delivery system will operate in accordance with your expectations or will be error free. If you are aware of any error on this website please contact us by email at contact@sembee.co.uk and we will endeavour to correct it.
We make no claims that any material contained on the website can be lawfully viewed or downloaded outside of the United Kingdom. Access to materials may not be legal by certain persons or in certain countries. If you are accessing the website from outside the United Kingdom you do so at your own risk and are responsible for compliance with laws in your jurisdiction.
It is our policy to virus check documents and files before they are posted on this website but we cannot guarantee that this website will be free from viruses. Accordingly, for your own protection, you must use virus-checking software when using this website. We exclude to the fullest extent permitted by law, all liability (save in respect of death or personal injury caused by negligence and for fraud) in connection with (a) any damage or loss caused by errors, computer viruses, other malicious code or harmful components originating or contracted from the website or from any third party websites linked to this website and (b) any interruptions in your access to the website.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
We are the owner or the licensee of all intellectual property rights in this website and in the material published on it. Those works are protected by copyright laws and treaties around the world. All such rights are reserved. The design and layout of this website are protected by copyright, database right, design rights and other similar laws and may not be copied or imitated in whole or in part.
The trade marks, logos and trade names displayed on the website (“Marks”) are the property of Sembee or other third parties. You are not permitted to download, copy, modify or use the Marks without our prior written consent or the consent of such third party who may own the Marks.
We and our suppliers own the intellectual property rights in the software that runs this website. Save to the extent expressly permitted by applicable laws, you must not copy, modify, download, distribute, decipher, de-compile, interfere with or attempt to interfere with that software without our prior written consent.
YOUR USE OF OUR WEBSITE
You may only use this website for lawful purposes. You must ensure that any document, file, comment or other information that you provide to us via this website does not contravene any applicable laws or any person’s legal rights (such as by way of example only, intellectual property rights or duty of confidence) and is not indecent, abusive, offensive, threatening, discriminatory, inflammatory, libellous or defamatory. You shall also ensure that any such information is not used to misrepresent identity or affiliation with any person or organisation and that such information is accurate (where it contains statements).
You must not post or provide to us via this website, any document or file which you believe may contain a virus. You must virus check any document or file which you intend to post or provide to us via this website. You must not misuse our website by knowingly introducing computer viruses, other malicious code or harmful components. You must not attempt to gain unauthorized access to our website. You must not attack our site via a denial-of–service attack or a distributed denial-of-service attack. By breaching this clause you would commit a criminal offence under the Computer Misuse Act 1990. We will report any such breach to the relevant law enforcement authorities and we will co-operate with those authorities by disclosing your identity to them. In the event of such a breach, your right to use our website will cease immediately and you will indemnify us for any breach, which means that you will be responsible for any loss or damage we suffer as a result of you not complying with this clause.
We do not monitor information posted or provided to us by other persons and accordingly we do not accept any responsibility for the information posted or provided or for any damage or loss you may suffer. The views expressed by other users on our website do not represent our views or values.
If you decide to access any third party websites linked to this website, you do this entirely at your own risk and we will not be liable for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them. We provide these links merely for convenience and the inclusion of such links does not imply that we endorse or accept any responsibility for, or have any control over, the content or use of such websites. You may be subject to the terms of use applicable to such third party sites.
If you would like to link to this website, you may only do so with our prior written consent and subject to the following terms and conditions:
you must not replicate this website;
you may only link to this website in a way that is fair and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it;
you must not remove, distort or otherwise alter the size or appearance of the Sembee logo;
you must not create a frame or any other browser or border environment around this website;
you must not create a link to any part of this website other than the homepage sembee.co.uk
you must not in any way imply that Sembee is endorsing any products or services other than its own;
you must not misrepresent your relationship with Sembee nor present any other false information about Sembee;
you must not use or display on your website any trade marks or logos or any trading name of Sembee without express prior written permission from us (and by accepting these terms you acknowledge that all rights in such trademarks, logos and trading names in all parts of the world are vested in Sembee;
you must not link from a website that is not owned by you; and
you will comply with any direction that we may give in relation to the link to this website and/or to the use or display of our trading names, trademarks and logos.
We expressly reserve the right to revoke our consent for you to link to our website at any time at our discretion and without notice and to direct you to remove from your website any links to this website, our trading names, trademarks and logos and to take any action we deem appropriate against you.
By accessing this website, you agree that you will access its contents solely for your own use. You may print out a single hard copy of any part of the content of this website for your use in accordance with these terms and conditions of use. You must not modify the copies of any materials on this website in any way and you must not use any illustrations, photographs, video or audio sequences or any graphics separately from any text. Our status (and that of any identified contributors) as the authors of content on our website must always be acknowledged. You must not use any part of the content on our website for commercial purposes without obtaining a licence to do so from us or our licensors. If you print off, copy or download any part of our website in breach of these terms and conditions of use your right to use this website will cease immediately and you must, at our option, return or destroy any copies of the materials you have made.
Except as expressly permitted you may not (except to the extent required in order to use this website in accordance with these terms and conditions) copy, store in any medium (including in any other website), distribute, transmit, re-transmit, broadcast, modify, delete or show in public any part of this website or systematically extract material from this website or any document available through it, create any derivative works from it or in any other way exploit commercially all or any part of this website or any document available through it without our prior written consent.
OTHER TERMS
We reserve the right to vary or amend these terms and conditions from time to time. Any changes shall take effect upon posting to this website.
Any dispute arising between you and us in relation to this website shall be governed by English law.
If you are a consumer, please note that you and we both agree that the courts of England and Wales will have non-exclusive jurisdiction for the purposes of any such dispute. However, if you are resident in Northern Ireland you may also bring proceedings in Northern Ireland and if you are resident in Scotland you may also bring proceedings in Scotland.
If any of these terms and conditions is or becomes illegal, invalid or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, that shall not affect:
the legality, validity or enforceability in that jurisdiction of any other term or condition, which shall continue to have full force and effect; or
the legality, validity or enforceability in other jurisdictions of that or any other term or condition, which shall continue to have full force and effect.
A person who is not a party to these terms and conditions may not enforce any of them under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999.
No waiver of any of these terms and conditions shall be valid unless provided in writing by us.
Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policy /privacy/ sets out the terms on which we process and use any personal data we collect from you or that you provide to us. By using this website you consent to such processing and terms and you warrant that all data provided by you is accurate.
MARKETING
From time to time we may use any of the information you submit to us, including personal data, to provide you with marketing information. This is also explained in our Privacy Policy /privacy/
CONTACT
For general enquiries relating to our website, please email us at contact @ sembee.co.uk
Contact us today
0345 644 2669
contact @ sembee.co.uk
© Sembee Ltd . All rights reserved.
Terms of use
/
Privacy
Terms of use
/
Privacy
© Sembee Ltd . All rights reserved.