http://www.franz.com/about/privacystatement.lhtml
Support/Doc |
About |
Purchase
|
Advanced Search
Home
Semantic Graph Technologies
Common Lisp Tools
Professional Services
Support
About
Contact Info
Location Info
Distributors
Partners
Press Room
Careers
Downloads
Purchase
Search
RSS Feeds
Privacy Statement We at Franz Inc. are committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy applies to our Websites (franz.com, allegrograph.com, nfsforwindows.com). This Privacy Policy governs our data collection, processing and usage practices. It also describes your choices regarding use, access and correction of your personal information. If you do not agree with the data practices described in this Privacy Policy, you should not use the Websites. We periodically update this Privacy Policy. We will post any privacy policy changes on our websites. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our treatment of the information you provide us, please write to us by email at info@franz.com or by mail to Franz Inc. 2201 Broadway, Suite 715, Oakland, California, 94619. Attn Legal Dept. Information We Collect When You Visit Our Website You are free to explore the Websites without providing any Personal Information about yourself. When you download software, request articles or watch videos on the Website, we may request that you provide Personal Information about yourself to view this content.
We also collect Navigational Information. Personal Information This refers to any information that you voluntarily submit to us and that identifies you personally, including contact information, such as your name, e-mail address, company name, address, phone number, and other information about yourself or your business. Personal Information can also include information about any transactions, both free and paid, that you enter into on the Websites, and information about you that is available on the internet, such as from Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter and Google, or publicly available information that we acquire from service providers. Personal Information also includes Navigational Information where such information can directly or indirectly identify an individual. Navigational information refers to information about your computer and your visits to this website such as your IP address, geographical location, browser type, referral source, length of visit and pages viewed. Please see the "Navigation Information" section below. Except for this, we do not collect Sensitive Information from you. Log Files When you use our services or view content provided by us, we automatically collect information about your computer hardware and software. This information can include your IP address, browser type, domain names, internet service provider (ISP), the files viewed on our site (e.g., HTML pages, graphics, etc.), operating system, clickstream data, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used by Franz Inc. to provide general statistics regarding use of the Franz Inc. Websites. For these purposes, we do link this automatically-collected data to Personal Information such as name, email address, address, and phone number. Information we collect from third parties From time to time, we may receive Personal Information about you from third party sources including partners with which we offer co-branded services or engage in joint marketing activities, and publicly available sources such as social media websites. Information About Children The Website is not intended for or targeted at children under 16, and we do not knowingly or intentionally collect information about children under 16. If you believe that we have collected information about a child under 16, please contact us at info@franz.com, so that we may delete the information. How We Use Information We Collect Compliance with Our Privacy Policy We use the information we collect only in compliance with this Privacy Policy. We Never Sell Personal Information We will never sell your Personal Information to any third party. Use of Personal Information In addition to the uses identified elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, we may use your Personal Information to:
improve your browsing experience by personalizing the Website
send information or Franz Inc. content to you which we think may be of interest to you by post, email, or other means and send you marketing communications relating to our business
promote use of our services to you and share promotional and information content with you in accordance with your communication preferences
provide other companies with statistical information about our users - but this information will not be used to identify any individual user
send information to you regarding changes to our Privacy Policy (including the Cookie Policy), or other legal agreements
meet legal requirements
Legal Basis for Processing Personal Information (EEA visitors only) If you are a visitor/customer located in the European Economic Area ("EEA"), Franz Inc. is the data controller of your personal information. Franz’s Data Protection Officer can be contacted at info@franz.com. Our legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described above will depend on the personal information concerned and the specific context in which we collect it. However, we will normally collect personal information from you only where we have your consent to do so, where we need the personal information to perform a contract with you, or where the processing is in our legitimate interests and not overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect personal information from you. If we ask you to provide personal information to comply with a legal requirement or to perform a contract with you, we will make this clear at the relevant time and advise you whether the provision of your personal information is mandatory or not (as well as of the possible consequences if you do not provide your personal information). Similarly, if we collect and use your personal information in reliance on our legitimate interests (or those of any third party), we will make clear to you at the relevant time what those legitimate interests are. Use of Navigational Information We use Navigational Information to operate and improve the Websites and the Subscription Service. We may also use Navigational Information alone or in combination with Personal Information to provide you with personalized information about Franz Inc. Customer Testimonials and Comments We post customer testimonials and comments on our Websites, which may contain Personal Information. We obtain each customer's consent prior to posting the customer's testimonial. Security of Your Personal Information We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your Personal Information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. We secure the Personal Information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. All Personal Information is protected using appropriate physical, technical and organizational measures. Social Media Features Our Website includes Social Media Features and Widgets, such as the Twitter Tweet button and the LinkedIn Share button, or interactive mini-programs that run on our sites. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our sites, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Website. This Privacy Policy does not apply to these features.
Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy and other policies of the companies providing them. External Websites Our Website provides links to other websites. We do not control, and are not responsible for, the content or practices of these other websites. Our provision of such links does not constitute our endorsement of these other websites, their content, their owners, or their practices. This Privacy Policy does not apply to these other websites, which are subject to any privacy and other policies they may have. Public Forums Should we offer publicly accessible message boards, blogs, and community forums. Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose any information through our public message boards, blogs, or forums, this information may be collected and used by others. We will correct or delete any information you have posted on the Website if you so request, as described in "Opting Out and Unsubscribing" below. Retention of Personal Information We retain Personal Information that you provide to us where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so. We will delete this information from the servers at an earlier date if you so request, as described in "Unsubscribe from Our Communications" below. How We Share the Information We Collect Service Providers We employ other companies and people to provide services to visitors to our Website and may need to share your information with them to provide information, products or services to you. Examples may include removing repetitive information from prospect lists, analyzing data or performing statistical analysis, providing marketing assistance, processing credit card payments, supplementing the information you provide us in order to provide you with better service, and providing customer service or support. In all cases where we share your information with such agents, we explicitly require the agent to acknowledge and adhere to our privacy and customer data handling policies. Corporate Events If we (or our assets) are acquired by another company, whether by merger, acquisition, bankruptcy or otherwise, that company would receive all information gathered by Franz Inc. on our Websites. In this event, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our website, of any change in ownership, uses of your Personal Information, and choices you may have regarding your Personal Information. Compelled Disclosure We reserve the right to use or disclose your Personal Information if required by law or if we reasonably believe that use or disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or comply with a law, court order, or legal process. Cookies and Similar Technologies Cookies Franz Inc. uses cookies or similar technologies to analyze trends, administer the Websites, track users’ movements around the Websites, and to gather other information about our user base. What Are Cookies? A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information.
Cookies provide a convenience feature to save you time or tell the web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize pages on our Website, a cookie helps us to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. When you return to the Website, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the customized features. Cookies set by the website owner (in this case, Franz Inc.) are called "first party cookies". Cookies set by parties other than the website owner are called "third party cookies".
Third party cookies enable third party features or functionality to be provided on or through the website (e.g. advertising, interactive content and analytics). The parties that set these third party cookies can recognize your computer both when it visits the website in question and also when it visits certain other websites. Why Do We Use Cookies? We use first party and third party cookies for several reasons. Some cookies are required for technical reasons in order for our Websites to operate, and we refer to these as "essential" or "strictly necessary" cookies. Other cookies also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our Website.
For example, Franz Inc. keeps track of the web pages you visit in order to determine what portion of the Websites are the most popular or most used. This data is used to deliver customized content and promotions within the Websites to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area. Third parties serve cookies through our Website for advertising, analytics and other purposes. This is described in more detail below. What Types of Cookies Do We Use and How Do We Use Them? The specific types of first and third party cookies served through our Website and the purposes they perform. These cookies include:
Essential website cookies: These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our Websites and to use some of its features, such as access to secure areas.
Performance and functionality cookies: These cookies are used to enhance the performance and functionality of our Websites but are non-essential to their use. However, without these cookies, certain functionality may become unavailable.
Analytics and customization cookies: These cookies collect information that is used either in aggregate form to help us understand how our Websites are being used or how effective our marketing campaigns are, or to help us customize our Websites for you.
Advertising cookies: These cookies are used to make advertising messages more relevant to you. They perform functions like preventing the same ad from continuously re-appearing, ensuring that ads are properly displayed for advertisers, and in some cases selecting advertisements that are based on your interests.
Social networking cookies: These cookies are used to enable you to share pages and content that you find interesting on our Websites through third party social networking and other websites. These cookies may also be used for advertising purposes too.
How Can I Control Cookies? You have the right to decide whether to accept or reject cookies. You can exercise your cookie preferences by clicking on the appropriate opt-out links on the website banner. You can also set or amend your web browser controls to accept or refuse cookies. If you choose to reject cookies, you may still use our websites though your access to some functionality and areas of our websites may be restricted. As the means by which you can refuse cookies through your web browser controls vary from browser-to-browser, you should visit your browser's help menu for more information. Essential website cookies: Because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the Website to you, you cannot refuse them. You can block or delete them by changing your browser settings however, as described above. Do You Serve Targeted Advertising? Third parties may serve cookies on your computer or mobile device to serve advertising through our Website. These companies may use information about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide relevant advertisements about goods and services that you may be interested in. They may also employ technology that is used to measure the effectiveness of advertisements. This can be accomplished by them using cookies to collect information about your visits to this and other sites in order to provide relevant advertisements about goods and services of potential interest to you. The information collected through this process does not enable us or them to identify your name, contact details or other personally identifying details unless you choose to provide these. How to Access & Control Your Personal Data Reviewing, Correcting and Removing Your Personal Information You have the following data protection rights:
You can request access, correction, updates or deletion of your personal information
You can object to processing of your personal information, ask us to restrict processing of your personal information or request portability of your personal information
If we have collected and processed your personal information with your consent, then you can withdraw your consent at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent
You have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your personal information.
To exercise any of these rights, please contact us at info@franz.com or by mail to Franz Inc., 2201 Broadway, Suite 715, Oakland, California, 94612. We will respond to your request to change, correct, or delete your information within a reasonable timeframe and notify you of the action we have taken. To Unsubscribe From Our Communications You may unsubscribe from our marketing communications using the "unsubscribe" instructions in our emails, updating your communication preferences, or by sending us email us at info@franz.com or postal mail to Franz Inc., 2201 Broadway, Suite 715, Oakland, California 94612.
Copyright © 2020 Franz Inc., All Rights Reserved
| Privacy Statement