https://www.festo.com/us/en/e/privacy-statement-id_3749/
Loading...
Privacy statement
Data Protection Statement
Last updated: January 1, 2020
Festo Corporation
Festo takes personal data protection very seriously. We want you to feel safe and secure when you visit our websites. The protection of your privacy is an important objective for us when processing your personal data.
As a worldwide leader in the field of automation technology, and a global leader for basic and further technical training, we process data relating to our customers, business partners and other stakeholders on a daily basis. In doing so, we comply with all data protection regulations.
In this Privacy Statement, “personal data” means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (the data subject) and, as applicable, a household. It does not matter whether the data subject can be identified directly or indirectly.
1.	Who is responsible for processing my data and who can I contact if I have any questions?The responsible body is:
Festo Corporation
1377 Motor Parkway, Suite 310
Islandia, NY 11749
Email: privacy_us@festo.com
You can contact our company data protection contact at:
Festo Corporation
Attn: Colin Gerson, Vice President IT-CCA
1377 Motor Parkway, Suite 310
Islandia, NY 11749
Email: privacy_us@festo.com
2.	Which data and data sources do we use?(i) General
We process personal data obtained in the course of our business activities. Where required for the provision of our services, we also process personal data obtained legally from publicly accessible sources (such as credit records, land registers, trade and professional registers, the media and the Internet) or provided to us by authorized parties.
We only use other personal data if you provide such data to us in the context of a contact form, survey, registration for an event or a competition, or the performance of a contract, and only to the extent permitted by Laws.
Examples of the data we collect include:
Personal details (name, address, email address, telephone number and other contact information, gender, marital status, date and place of birth, nationality)
Identity verification data (e.g. passport information)
Authentication information (e.g. a sample of your signature)
Tax data (e.g. tax ID)
Order data
Data arising from the fulfilment of our contractual obligations
Marketing and sales data (including advertising scores), documentation information
Data arising in the lead-up to and over the course of our business relationship, recordings of telephone calls and the outcomes of conversations
In addition to the types of personal data listed, other personal data may be processed when you purchase and use other products/services we offer.
To fulfill your requests. For example, if you share your name and contact information to request a price quote or ask a question about our products or services, we will use that personal information to respond to your inquiry. If you provide your personal information to purchase a product or service, we will use that information to process your payment and facilitate delivery. We may also save your information to facilitate new product orders or process returns.
To provide, support, personalize, and develop the Sites, products, and services.
To create, maintain, customize, and secure your account with us.
To process your requests, purchases, transactions, and payments and prevent transactional fraud.
To provide you with support and to respond to your inquiries, including to investigate and address your concerns and monitor and improve our responses.
To personalize your experience on the Sites and to deliver content and product and service offerings relevant to your interests, including targeted offers and ads through our Sites, and via email or text message (with your consent, where required by law).
To help maintain the safety, security, and integrity of the Sites, products and services, databases and other technology assets, and business.
For testing, research, analysis, and product development, including to develop and improve the Sites, products, and services.
To respond to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable law, court order, or governmental regulations.
As described to you when collecting personal data about you or as otherwise set forth under applicable law.
(ii) Newsletters and events
In the course of sending out our newsletters, we process personal data (such as email addresses and passwords). We also track your clicks within the newsletter. We use this information in order to be able to provide content which is better matched to your interests.
By signing up for our newsletter on the sites, you grant your consent for us to process your data in this way. Every newsletter contains a link which you can use to unsubscribe from future newsletters.
By registering for an event, you are expressly agreeing to our use of your data strictly for the purposes of registration and automated administration in relation to the event, and for us to forward your data to subcontractors for this purpose, if applicable.
(iii) Internet pages
When you access one of our Internet pages, our system collects a range of general data and information about you.
The data collected includes, for example:
Information on the user's browser type and version
The user's operating system
The user's Internet service provider
The user's IP address
The date and time of access
Websites from which the user's system accessed our Internet page
Websites accessed by the user's system from our website
(iv) Log files
Log files are used to store IP addresses and other data that can be traced back to a specific user. This data is not stored together with other personal data relating to the user.
Our system needs to store IP addresses to ensure that the website can be served to the user's computer with full functionality. The data is also used to optimize the website and to ensure that our information systems are secure (purpose of data processing).
(v) Cookies
We may also place cookies on your end device in and through the sites. These cookies also access IT data such as your IP address(es) and various identifiable features of your devices.
Further information is available here:
Cookie policy
Consult the section entitled “Controlling cookies” to find out how to control and/or delete cookies as you wish.
3.	For which purposes do we process your data?(i) To fulfil our contractual obligations
We process data in response to a request to fulfil a contract and in the context of pre-contractual actions and training activities. For more detailed information on the purposes for which we process data, please consult the relevant communication materials, contract documents and terms and conditions of sale for the relevant departments and activities.
(ii) To protect legitimate interests
If necessary, we will process your data beyond the fulfilment of the aforementioned purposes to protect our legitimate interests or those of a third party.
Examples:
To exercise our legal rights and in our defense in the event of legal disputes.
To ensure that the IT security systems and processes of Festo are secure.
(iii) To prevent and investigate criminal acts.
Examples:
Video monitoring to ensure compliance with company rules, to collect evidence in the event of an attack or fraudulent conduct.
Building and plant security measures (such as access control systems), measures to safeguard company rules.
(iv) Measures relating to operational management and the ongoing development of services and products.
(v) Measures to advise and assist our customers.
(vi) Checking and optimizing demand analysis processes used to plan direct approaches to customers.
(vii) Advertising or market/opinion research, unless you have informed us that you do not wish us to process your data for this purpose.
(viii) Based on your consent
If you have granted us consent to process your personal data for specific purposes, we are legally permitted to process your data based on this consent.
You can revoke your consent at any time.
4.	For EU citizens only:
What duties to provide information are in force?				Information on the points below can be found in:
Duties to provide information
What are your data protection rights?
What do you need to know about your right to object?
Do you have any obligation to provide data?
Who receives your data?
How long will your data be stored?
5.	How do we ensure that your data is kept secure?Festo implements technical and organizational security measures in order to protect the data we use against accidental or deliberate manipulation, loss, destruction or access by unauthorized persons. Our security measures are continuously improved based on the latest technological developments.
6. Who Do We Share Personal Data With? In the preceding twelve (12) months, Festo has disclosed the following categories of personal data for a legitimate business purpose:
Identifiers;
Personal data included in customer records;
Commercial information;
Internet or other similar network activity; and
Professional or employment-related information
We disclose personal data about you for a business purpose to the following categories of third parties:
Service providers. Such service providers are contractually required to use personal data received from Festo only for Festo’s lawful business purposes.
7.
For California ResidentsCalifornia Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits Sites’ users who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal data to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make a request, please contact us: privacy_us@festo.com
Furthermore, California residents have the following rights with respect to personal data we may have collected about them:
(i)
Requests to Know
You have the right to request that we disclose:
The categories of personal data we have collected about you;
The categories of personal data about you we have sold or disclosed for a business purpose;
The categories of sources from which we have collected personal data about you;
The business or commercial purposes for selling or collecting personal data about you;
The categories of personal data sold or shared about you, as well as the categories of third parties to whom the personal data was sold, by category of personal data for each party to whom personal data was sold; and
The specific pieces of personal data collected.
You may submit a request to know via [link to request for information.] The delivery of our response may take place electronically or by mail. We are not required to respond to requests to know more than twice in a 12-month period.
(ii)
Requests to Delete
You have the right to request that we delete any personal data about you that we have collected. Upon receiving a verified request to delete personal data, we will do so unless otherwise authorized by law. You may submit a request to delete personal data via privacy_us@festo.com
(iii)
Authorized Agents
You may designate an authorized agent to make requests on your behalf. You must provide an authorized agent written permission to submit a request on your behalf, and we may require that you verify your identity directly with us. Alternatively, an authorized agent that has been provided power of attorney pursuant to Probate Code sections 4000-4465 may submit a request on your behalf.
(v)
Methods for Submitting Consumer Requests and Our Response to Requests
You may submit a request for access and requests to delete personal data about you via: via email at privacy_us@festo.com
Upon receipt of a request, we may ask you for additional information to verify your identity. Any additional information you provide will be used only to verify your identity and not for any other purpose.
We will acknowledge the receipt of your request within ten (10) days of receipt. Subject to our ability to verify your identity, we will respond to your request within 45 days of receipt. If we require more time (up to 90 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing. In order to protect your privacy and the security of personal data about you, we verify your request by sending an email to the known address and asking for verification.
If you have an account with us, we will deliver our written response to that account. If you do not have an account with us, we will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option.
Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the verifiable consumer request's receipt. The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
(vii) The Right to Non-Discrimination
You have the right not to be discriminated against for the exercise of your California privacy rights described above.
8.	Do we use web tools? Web tools are used for purposes such as tracking, web analytics and social media.
Information on the points below can be found in:
Web tools
Google Ads Tracking
Bing Universal Event Tracking
Facebook Pixel
LinkedIn Insight Tag
Econda
Social media
9.	Do we use profiling? We process some of your data automatically with the aim of analyzing specific personal attributes (a process known as profiling). To enable us to provide relevant information and advice on our products, services and other activities, we use profiling tools to tailor communications and advertising – including market and opinion research – to your needs.
The tools we use to achieve this include:
Scoring is based on a mathematically/statistically recognized and proven process. The calculated scores help us make decisions, for example in the context of product sales, trade fair visits and completed training.
We also use tools that (automatically) merge data from multiple sources into a profile to enable us to analyze personal interests and behaviors to improve our dialogue with customers. We will only do this with express consent. You can revoke your consent at any time.
10.	How do we obtain your consent when you visit our Internet pages?When you use our Internet pages, you agree to our general data protection policy and grant your consent for your data to be used as described in this statement.
We may amend or supplement our data protection statement at any time. The most recently published version of our data protection statement applies.
11.	Who is your contact for data protection?If you have any questions relating to data protection at Festo or if you wish to exercise any of your rights as a data subject, please contact our company data protection officer by email at: privacy_us@festo.com (see also section 1).