http://www.gmsupplies.com/other-pages/privacy-policy/
Toggle navigation
Shop By Manufacturer
Buy Back Program
Request A Quote
Government & Education
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy:
As our customer, or as a visitor on our site, we will respect your privacy and treat your security and privacy as one of our primary concerns.  While on our site, we will collect information about you and your visit.  To place an order or create an account with us, you will be asked to provide your name, address, telephone number, email address and other information required to process your order.  This information is used strictly to process your order and manage your account, and will not be shared with any other party except if required by law.  During your visit, we may also place a temporary "cookie" (a small piece of information) on your computer.  We also collect general traffic information about visits on our site.  This information is grouped together and does not contain data about you personally.  We do this to gain a better understanding of the needs of our visitors and to improve your user experience on our site. The amount and type of information we collect from you depends on your activities and use of our Web site. Below, we explain what information we collect.
IP address - We collect your IP address to measure our Web site traffic and to help provide a relevant shopping experience.
Referral Web site. If you come to our Web site via a link, we collect the location of the link that referred you.
Browser type. We collect information about the browser you are using to help optimize our Web site for visitors.
Movements through our Web site. We keep track of pages you visit to help provide you with a more personalized shopping experience.
We collect your name, address and payment information to process your order. However, you may provide credit card and purchase order numbers by telephone.
We collect information contained in “cookies,” such as your purchases and log in data, to personalize your shopping experience. Your browser must be set to accept cookies if you wish to add items to a shopping cart.
We collect your user name, password and e-mail address. This method helps protect your Account from other users. You can help us ensure your privacy by not sharing your account information or password.
We collect your company name, name, address, telephone number and email address.in order to respond to your communication and address any concerns with your order.
We may use your personal and account information to provide products or services you have requested, respond to a communication from you, contact you, and as otherwise described in this policy.
GM Supplies is committed to protecting your privacy. That is because we base our business on the trust you place in us. This policy describes our practices regarding personal and account information collected through our Web site. In this policy, "personal and account information" means your name, company name, account number, address, telephone number, and e-mail address plus any other information that personally identifies you, purchase history, or would permit us to contact you, and "we" and "us" means GM Supplies.
We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy, We suggest you visit our web site periodically to review any changes.