http://www.pandell.com/about/privacy/
PetroNet is now a part of Pandell. Learn about this change
X Close
Privacy
Pandell
Core Business
Pandell Technology USA Corporation’s core business is providing land asset management and GIS solutions for a variety of industries, including oil & gas, renewable wind energy, utilities, pipelines, and mining.
Overview
Pandell Technology USA Corporation complies with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Union and to the United States.
Pandell has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern.
Learn more about the Privacy Shield program and view our certification.
In compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles, Pandell commits to resolve complaints about our collection or use of your personal information.
EU individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our Privacy Shield policy should first contact Pandell at:
Tel: (713) 334-3030
Email: privacy@pandell.com
3120 Hayes Rd #288
Houston, TX 77082
Pandell further committed to refer unresolved Privacy Shield complaints to BBB EU PRIVACY SHIELD, an alternative dispute resolution provider located in the United States.
If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your complaint to your satisfaction, please visit the BBB website for more information or to file a complaint. The services of BBB EU Privacy Shield are provided at no cost to you.
If your Privacy Shield complaint cannot be resolved through the above channels, under certain conditions, you may invoke binding arbitration for some residual claims not resolved by other redress mechanisms. See the Privacy Shield Annex 1.
Definitions
For purposes of this Policy, the following definitions shall apply:
"Personal information" means any information or set of information that identifies or could be used by or on behalf of Pandell to identify an individual. Personal information does not include information that is encoded or anonymized, or publicly available information that has not been combined with non-public personal information.
The data that may be collected consists of the following:
Name, company, email, address, phone / fax, IP address.
The following may also be collected if you are to receive payment resulting from a land ownership agreement that you have with a Pandell client who is licensing Pandell software:
Land Owner ID, Tax ID, Banking Account Number.
Privacy Principles
The privacy principles in this policy are based on the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield principles.
Notice
We shall inform an individual of the purpose for which we collect and use their Personal Data and the types of third parties to which Pandell discloses or may disclose that Personal Data. Pandell shall provide the individual with the choice and means for limiting the use and disclosure of their Personal Data. Notice will be provided in clear and conspicuous language when individuals are first asked to provide Personal Data to Pandell, or as soon as practicable thereafter, and in any event before Pandell uses or discloses the Personal Data for a purpose other than for which it was originally collected. Pandell may be required to disclose Personal Data in response to lawful request by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
Choice
Pandell does not sell, trade, share or rent personal information to non-agent third parties. If this practice was to change in the future, this policy will be updated to reflect that, and at that time we will enable individuals the opportunity to choose (opt-out) whether their personal information is (a) to be disclosed to a non-agent third party, or (b) to be used for a purpose other than the purpose for which it was originally collected or subsequently authorized by the individual.
Accountability for Onward Transfer (Transfers to Third Parties)
Pandell will only share data with agent third parties strictly for the purpose for which it was originally collected or subsequently authorized by the individual. Pandell will only disclose information to non-agent third parties if required by law or authorized individuals of respective clients. Pandell remains liable under the Privacy Shield Principles if its onward transfer recipients process personal data in a manner inconsistent with the Principles, unless Pandell proves that it is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
Security
Pandell will take reasonable precautions to protect personal information in its possession from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction.
Data Integrity and Purpose Limitation
Pandell will collect only information which is relevant for the purposes for which it is to be used. Pandell will take reasonable steps to ensure that Personal Information is relevant, accurate, complete, and current, to its intended use.
Access
EU Individuals have the right to access their personal information. Upon request, and with consent of our clients, Pandell will grant individuals access to personal information that it holds about them. In addition, Pandell will take reasonable steps to permit individuals to correct, amend, or delete information that is demonstrated to be inaccurate or incomplete. To exercise this request, please send us an email.
Recourse, Enforcement and Liability
Pandell on a regular basis conducts audits of its security and privacy practices to verify adherence to this Policy. Any employee that we determine is in violation of this Policy will be subject to disciplinary action as appropriate.
Pandell is subject to the investigative and enforcement authority of the United States Federal Trade Commission (FTC).
August 7, 2019
Company LandWorks, Inc. renamed to Pandell Technology USA Corporation throughout the document as per an official legal name change effective June 4, 2019.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
This Policy may be amended from time to time, consistent with the requirements of the EU-US Privacy Shield Principles. A notice will be posted on this page whenever this EU-US Privacy Shield Privacy Policy is changed in a material way.
About Pandell
Overview
Newsroom
Our Clients
Management Team
Advisory Board
History
Careers
Privacy
Connect With Us
Follow us on Twitter @pandellcorp
Connect with us on LinkedIn
Watch our videos on YouTube
See our full range of back-officeenergy software solutions &rtrif