https://www.litera.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Litera is committed to protecting your data and privacy.
PROCESSING OF PERSONAL DATA
Personal information that is transferred to Litera in the United States from the EU or Switzerland falls into the following two categories:
Processor on Behalf – Litera provides document solutions designed to help organizations optimize their document creation and maintenance operations. In the course of doing business, Litera receives documents for the purpose of 1) configuring the solution (product) for the customer’s or prospective customer’s environment, 2) remediating underlying document technical issues, 3) renumbering and restyling documents, 4) updating documents to more modern versions of Word. Litera does not own or control any of the information it processes on behalf of its customers or prospective customers. All such information is owned and controlled by the Litera customer. In this capacity, Litera receives information transferred from the EU or Switzerland to the United States merely as a processor on behalf. When acting as a Processor on Behalf, concerning personal information that has been transferred from the EU or Switzerland to the United States, Litera has in place measures to protect personal information from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction.
Personal Data Collection – Litera collects information about its customers and prospective customers for the purpose of facilitating business relationships, correspondence and communication. In this business context, Litera provides access to product information, educational webinars, marketing updates and industry information. It is through this regular communication that Litera is able to provide valuable information about important issues related to our customers’ key work product—their documents. As a general practice, name, and business information including address, phone number, email address and employment information are the only personal information items collected.
INFORMATION COLLECTION
We may collect personally identifiable information such as your name, email address, or phone number. We may also collect non-personal information (which cannot be used to personally identify you), such as how and when the Website or Services are accessed. Also, as part of using our Services, you may send us data such as documents and files (“User Content”) for the purpose of using the functionality of the Services, such as document analysis. Together, the personally identifiable information, non-personal information and User Content are referred to herein as “Information.”
COOKIES
Litera may use browser cookies on this website to keep track of your visit. A “cookie” is a small amount of data that is sent from a Web server to your browser and stored on your computer’s hard drive. Use of cookies may allow Litera to provide a higher quality, more relevant, customer experience. Use of cookies may also allow us to automate entry into password protected portions of our website so that you will not need to re-enter your password each time you visit our Site. We may also use cookies to track which areas of our website are most popular with our users. With most Internet browsers, however, you can erase cookies from your computer hard drive, block all cookies, or receive a warning before a cookie is stored on your computer. Please refer to your browser instructions or a help screen to learn more about these functions and how to use them. Please be advised that certain sections or functionalities of our website may be inaccessible to you if your browser does not accept cookies.
USE OF WEB BEACONS
When we send you emails, we may include a web beacon to allow us to determine the number of people who open our emails. When you click on a link in an email, we may record this individual response to allow us to customize our offerings to you. Web beacons collect only limited information, such as a cookie identifier, time and date of a page being viewed, and a description of the page on which the web beacon resides (the URL).
Web beacons can be refused when delivered via email. If you do not wish to allow web beacons via email, you will need to disable HTML images or refuse HTML (select Text only) emails via your email software.
LINKS
The Website contains links to external sites, including our partners’ websites and others. These websites are not governed by this Privacy Policy, and we do not take responsibility for the privacy practices of any third-party websites to which we link.
PURPOSE & USAGE OF INFORMATION
We will never share, sell, or rent Information with anyone without your advance permission or unless ordered by a court of law. We only use Information for the purpose of delivering the Services (such as troubleshooting, promoting the safe exchange of documents, collecting fees and authenticating users), and the Information is only available to employees and authorized business partners for that purpose. If we are involved in a merger, reorganization, or sale of our business, the Information will be transferred as part of that deal. We will notify you of any such deal and outline your choices.
CHOICE
Litera will provide an individual with opt-out or opt-in choices before we share their data with third parties other than our agents or business partners, or before we use it for purposes other than which it was originally collected or subsequently authorized. Litera, upon request, will remove an individual’s name and related information from all communication lists. Individuals should direct such a request to Litera Customer Support at the address provided below or by sending an email to us at legal@litera.com.
Litera Customer Support
300 South Riverside Plaza, Suite 800
Chicago, IL 60606 USA
ACCOUNTABILITY FOR ONWARD TRANSFERS
Litera requires all agents who perform processing tasks on behalf of and under the instruction of Litera to enter into a written agreement with Litera requiring them to provide the same level of protection as Litera. If we ever were to engage in any onward transfers of your data with third parties, we would provide you with an opt-out choice to limit the use and disclosure of your personal data. Individuals should direct such a request to Litera Customer Support at the address provided below or by sending an email to us at legal@litera.com.
Litera
Customer Support
300 South Riverside Plaza, Suite 800
Chicago, IL 60606 USA
COMPLIANCE WITH LAW
Litera may be required to disclose an individual’s personal information in response to a lawful request by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. Litera complies with all applicable privacy laws and regulations. We may be compelled to surrender personal user or customer information to United States or other legal authorities without expressed user consent if presented with a court subpoena or similar legal order, or as required or permitted by the laws, rules and regulations of any nation, state or other applicable jurisdiction. In the event of a violation of the terms and conditions of usage of this website or a violation of any restrictions on usage of materials provided in or through this website, we may disclose personal user information to our affected business partners or legal authorities.
SECURITY
Litera has technological and operational security processes designed to protect Information from loss, misuse, alteration or destruction. Only authorized employees have access to Information provided by you, and that access is limited by need. Each employee having access to any Information is obligated to maintain confidentiality. Although we take steps that are generally accepted as industry standard to protect your personally-identifiable information, we cannot guarantee that your personally-identifiable information will not become accessible to unauthorized persons.
TRANSFER
Customers and prospective customers may send data to Litera via regular email, TLS-encrypted email, or by upload to our SSL-encrypted Secure File Transfer server.
DELETION
As part of their relationship with Litera, Litera customers can create an account on the Litera Secure File Transfer server. This allows for secure, encrypted transmission of documents to Litera’s employees. The SFT server is currently based in the US. Litera deletes any customer documents transmitted via the SFT server that are considered unusable, unnecessary or invalid. All customer and prospective customer documents transmitted via the SFT server are deleted 90 days after the project has been completed or after the associated issue has been closed, and is not needed to validate future releases. Documents transmitted to Litera via email will be processed consistently with other email communication and, as such, will be part of Litera’s normal business continuity procedures, including off-site backup for periods of up to 12 months.
DATA INTEGRITY AND PURPOSE LIMITATIONS
Personal information collected must be relevant for the purposes for which it will be used. To the extent necessary for those purposes, Litera will take reasonable steps to ensure that personal information is accurate, complete, current and reliable for its intended use.
ACCESS
Litera acknowledges that individuals have the right to access the personal information that we maintain about them.  Further, Litera will allow the individual to correct, update, or delete information. Individuals who wish to make an access request or remove personal information from our records or have any questions in regard to this policy or believe that Litera has not complied with the provisions of this policy, should direct such a request to Litera Customer Support at the address provided below or by sending an email to us at legal@litera.com.
Litera Customer Support
300 South Riverside Plaza, Suite 800
Chicago, IL 60606 USA
RECOURSE, ENFORCEMENT & LIABILITY
Litera uses a self-assessment approach to ensure compliance with this policy. This includes a periodic assessment to assure the policy is accurate and adhered to throughout the organization. If an individual has concerns, the contact information above can be used to raise those concerns and Litera will investigate and attempt to resolve any complaints and disputes regarding use and disclosure of personal information in accordance with the Principles. Filing a complaint in English will expedite the process.
Litera commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information.  Inquires or complaints regarding this privacy policy should first contact Litera at:
Contact Office: Office of General Counsel
Name: Milla R. Rahmani, General Counsel
Phone: 630-310-5959
Fax: 630-598-9520
Email: legal@litera.com
Vision
One Vendor
Integration
Solutions
Litera Desktop
Create
Forte
Clause Companion
Check
Contract Companion
Litigation Companion
DocXtools
Collaborate
Metadact
Workshare Compare
Litera Transact
Services
Customers
Who We Work With
Case Studies
Company
Our Story
Management Team
Events
Partners
Press
Careers
Contact Us
Resources
Litera TV
Resource Library
Blog
Webinars
The Changing Lawyer Live!
Get a Demo
Store
Litera Transact Login
Customer Center
My Store Account
CLOSE
Title - If Desired?
[hubspot-embed-code-goes-here]
×