http://www.nxp.com/about/privacy:PRIVACYPRACTICES
About NXP
Careers at NXP
Contact Us
Events
Investor Relations
Leadership Team
Media Center
Quality
Smarter World Blog
Smarter World Podcast
Sustainability
Trade Compliance
We Are NXP
Worldwide Locations
Privacy Statement
About NXPCareers at NXPContact UsEventsInvestor RelationsLeadership TeamMedia CenterQualitySmarter World BlogSmarter World PodcastSustainabilityTrade ComplianceWe Are NXPWorldwide Locations
Privacy Statement
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Printer
Introduction
Your privacy and trust are important to us. This Privacy Statement explains who we are, what personal information we collect, why we collect this information and how we use and protect it. This Statement refers to all personal information we collect and that we could use to personally identify you. We encourage you to read this Privacy Statement. In case you have any questions, we are happy to answer them.
This Privacy Statement for business partners and visitors describes how NXP processes the personal data of individuals, such as customers, suppliers and visitors of NXP premises and website. This Privacy Statement applies to all personal information we collect via your visit to our website or our premises about you. For instance, when you:
Visit our websites;
Visit our sites;
Purchase or use our products, solutions, applications or services;
Subscribe to our newsletter or participate in our online communities;
Contact customer support;
Request information specific to your interests.
On occasion, we may refer to additional privacy statements or policies to convey specific privacy information of which you need to be aware. An example is when you share your personal data with us as a job applicant, or when you’re a NXP employee. If you’re a job applicant and would like more information on how NXP handles your personal data, please see the Applicant Privacy Statement.
Due to its global presence, NXP is bound by several data protection laws around the globe. This Privacy Statement may be modified in order to comply with specific local legal requirements. In case of a conflict between this Privacy Statement and local legislation and/or standards, the latter will prevail.
Who we are
NXP Semiconductors N.V. enables secure connections and infrastructure for a smarter world, advancing solutions that make lives easier, better and safer. As the world leader in secure connectivity solutions for embedded applications, NXP is driving innovation in the secure connected vehicle, end-to-end security and privacy, and smart connected solutions markets. When this Privacy Statement refers to “we”, “us” or “our”, it refers to all NXP Affiliates or Subsidiaries which under this Privacy Statement may act as a controller of your personal information: namely, those entities who may be deciding how and why your personal information is being processed.
What types of personal information do we collect?
It is important for you to know that “personal information” (or: “data”, “personal information” or “personal data”), means: any information relating to an identified or identifiable individual (or “data subject”). An identifiable individual is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier, or by reference to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural, or social identity of that natural person. Different pieces of information, when collected can lead to the identification of a person, also constitute personal information.
We may process various types of personal information we receive from you depending on the ways you interact with us (e.g. through our website portal, NXP customer support, etc.). They include the following:
Name and last name;
E-mail address, address, phone number, fax, country;
Log in details (user name, password);
Bank account information;
Reviews, feedback, comments;
Traffic information such as time and/or duration of your interaction with us;
IP address, MAC address of the devices you use to interact with us;
Your actual or assumed location (determined by the information mentioned above);
Information related to your interests (products or services that you are visiting on our website platforms);
Information related to your requests for information, requests for support and your transactions with NXP; and
Cookies preferences.
Cookies
When you visit our websites or in general our digital platforms, cookies might be stored on your devices within the web browser. Cookies are small text files that can store information for a certain period and identify your device. We use cookies to optimize your user experience on our platforms.
We invite you to explore our Cookie Statement and learn more on how we use cookies or other tracking technologies. You can also set your cookie preferences within NXP's domains by clicking on the Cookie Settings button.
We invite you to explore our Cookie Statement and learn more on how we use cookies or other tracking technologies. You can also set your cookie preferences within NXP's domains by clicking on the Cookie Settings button.Cookie Settings
Why do we collect your personal information?
We want to know you better, so we can serve you better. But the choice whether you want this kind of service is of course up to you.
Depending on who you are, we may collect personal information for different purposes, such as:
Performance and execution of contracts;
Direct marketing;
Providing our products or services;
Responding to requests;
Compliance with legal obligations;
Security and maintenance reasons;
Legal Basis
The legal bases (or justified reasons) for processing your personal data are:
The legitimate interest of business and management purposes;
Entering into and managing a contract;
Compliance with our legal obligations; and
Your specific and informed consent
When do we share your information with third parties?
We only share your personal information with third parties in the specific cases listed below:
NXP affiliates, given that NXP is an international corporation with several NXP affiliates;
External service providers, such as newsletter distributors, IT hosting providers, marketing providers, etc.; and
Business partners.
We do not sell or license your personal information to third parties.
How do we safeguard your personal information?
We recognize our responsibility to protect the personal information we collect. We make sure that our measures are in compliance with applicable data protection and data security laws. We have implemented appropriate technical and organizational measures to prevent risks, such as accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure of, or access to information. Additionally, we make sure that these measures are in compliance with applicable data protection and data security laws. For instance, we put in place the following measures in order protect your information:
Limiting physical access to our premises;
Limiting access to personal information (for instance, only employees on a need to know basis have access to your personal information);
Requiring third-party providers to have acceptable security measures to keep personal information secure and putting in place physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards in line with industry standards.
How long do we retain your information?
We retain your personal information as long as it is necessary to fulfil the specific purposes, as explained under the section “Why we collect your personal information”. In certain cases a longer retention of your personal information might be required according to legal obligations. In all other cases, we delete your personal information once the purpose of processing your information is fulfilled.
Which are your rights?
According to applicable data protection laws, you have the right to:
Access, modify (via: https://www.nxp.com/webapp-signup/updateUser) or delete your personal information (unless it is legally required to retain the information).
Restriction of or objection to the processing activity of your information.
Request a copy of your personal information in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format.
Pose any questions related to your personal information and its protection.
When do we transfer your personal information?
International transfers of your personal data
NXP is a global organization, so the data we process may be transferred internationally throughout our organization and to third parties worldwide. The countries/regions in which recipients are likely to be located are the countries/regions where NXP is conducting business.
To protect your rights we only store and transfer your personal data in a country where:
An adequate level of protection for personal data is provided;
An instrument covers the requirements for the transfer of personal data such as:
EU Standard Contractual Clauses;
Codes of conduct; and
Certification mechanisms.
What's not covered in this Statement?
Our website sometimes links to services run by other companies. Those companies have their own privacy and cookie notices, so remember that the information you give them will follow their rules and not ours.
Updates to this Statement
In order to stay compliant with applicable legal requirements, we will review and/or may modify this Privacy Statement at any time. The current version of this Privacy Statement is always available at: www.nxp.com.
Concerns and complaint
If you are concerned about the way we process your personal information, please contact our Data Protection Officer (DPO) who will investigate your concern. Please understand that the DPO can only handle your request if you authenticate yourself. You will receive a written/e-mail response within a reasonable period. You also have the right to make a formal complaint to the relevant regulator in your jurisdiction.
Contact details
In case you have a concern or complaint in relation to this Privacy Statement please reach out to our Data Protection Office at:
NXP Semiconductors N.V.
Attn. Data Protection Office
High Tech Campus 60
5656AG Eindhoven
The Netherlands
The Data Protection Office
Email: dataprotection@nxp.com