http://www.identitydesigns.com/privacypolicy.html
Business Website Design
We are offering to build a website for your business absolutely free for a guided tour.
Business Website Hosting
Take advantage of the business building tools included with each hosting package.
Search Engine Submission
Discover how powerful internet success can be once you have high rankings.
Website Design Templates
Save a lot on your development costs and get your business online faster by starting with a pre-built website template which we can customize especially for your business.
Learning Knowledgebase
Read Articles on Affiliate Programs, E-mail Marketing, Internet Marketing, Internet Statistics, and Search Engine Promotion.
Identity Designs News Scroll (15sec delay)
Your browser does not support inline frames or is currently configured not to display inline frames. To see more Click Here
CLIENT TESTIMONIALS
Finding a company or person who goes above and beyond their job description or duties is rare in today's business world. If someone is looking for a great product at an even better price, I would highly recommend Identity Designs.
Chris Gutierrez of SoCalSeniors.com
I would highly recommend Identity Designs to anyone who would want to have a professionally designed web site. First impressions are extremely important, and your website represents your business face to the world.
Larry Fair of LiveInternetWeddings.com
IDENTITY DESIGNS PRIVACY POLICY
Thank you for visiting Identity Designs' website (the "Identity Designs Website") which brings you "The Complete Online Business Solution". The protection of your privacy is important to Identity Designs, its affiliates and subsidiaries ( here forth known as "Identity Designs"). To better protect privacy, Identity Designs provides this notice explaining Identity Designs' online information practices and the choices a User can make about the way information is collected and used at this site.
What information does the Identity Designs Website collect?
The primary purpose of the Identity Designs Website is to provide Identity Designs' customers, prospective customers, partners, stockholders, the investment community and the public ("Users") information about Identity Designs and its products and services as well as to offer articles, tutorials, and advice which are meant to assist a business owner in learning how to build, market, and promote their business on the Internet. Identity Designs may invite Users to subscribe to a newsletter, an e-mail series, order products, enter contests, take a survey, and vote in polls, among other things. The types of personally identifiable information that may be collected through these processes may include: name, e-mail address, billing address, mailing address, home telephone number, business telephone number, fax number, credit card information, and information about User interests in and use of various products, programs, and services. The Identity Designs Website also may collect certain non-personally identifiable information when the User visits any of Identity Designs' web pages or Identity Designs' Website such as the type of browser a User is using (e.g., Netscape, Internet Explorer), the type of operating system a User is using, (e.g., Windows '95, '98, XP or Mac OS) and the domain name of a User's Internet service provider (e.g., America Online, Earthlink, Comcast, etc.). Identity Designs collects information from the User via online forms, online surveys, e-mail, and conversations over the telephone or in person. All of the information obtained by Identity Designs are collected from the User voluntarily and kept confidential.
How does the Identity Designs Website use the information?
The Identity Designs Website may use the information User provides to fulfill the User's requests for Identity Designs' products and/or services, to respond to the User's inquiries about Identity Designs'  products and/or services, and to offer the User other products and/or services that Identity Designs believes may be of interest to the User. Identity Designs often uses this information to communicate with the User, such as to notify the User when the User has an appointment with one of Identity Designs' Online Business Consultants, to fulfill a request by a User to receive information by email, or to contact a referral of a User about Identity Designs' products and services. The Identity Designs Website may use the non-personally identifiable information that the Identity Designs Website collects, such as browser type and operating system, to improve the design and content of Identity Designs' Website and to improve the ease of use for the User. The Identity Designs Website also may use this information in the aggregate to analyze site usage. Under no circumstances will Identity Designs intentionally disclose personally identifiable information to third parties. Identity Designs will only disclose personally identifiable information in response to a legal process, in response to a court order, or in response to a subpoena. Identity Designs will not disclose such information in response to a law enforcement agency's request. Agents and contractors of Identity Designs who have access to personally identifiable information are required to protect this information in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy by, for example, not using the information for any purpose other than to carry out the services they are performing for Identity Designs.  The User of Identity Designs' Website(s), product(s), and or service(s) can feel comfortable sharing private and/or personal information with Identity Designs knowing that it is kept safe.
Collection of Information by Third-Party Sites and Sponsors
The Identity Designs Website may contain links to other sites whose information practices may be different than Identity Designs'. Visitors should consult the other sites' privacy policies because the Identity Designs Website has no control over information that is submitted to, or collected by, the Third Party websites. The Identity Designs Website may sometimes offer content (e.g., articles, tutorials, promotions, contests, or sweepstakes) that is sponsored by or co-branded with an identified Third Party. By virtue of these relationships, the Third Party may obtain personally identifiable information that visitors voluntarily submit to participate in the site activity. Identity Designs has no control over the Third Party use of this information. Use of products and services not operated by Identity Designs may or may not follow similar privacy guidelines as those outlined here from Identity Designs. Although Identity Designs takes appropriate measures to safeguard against the unauthorized disclosures of information, the Identity Designs Website does have links to and references to products and services offered by a Third Party and cannot assure the User that personally identifiable information that the Third Party Website collects will never be disclosed in a manner that is inconsistent with this Privacy Policy. Identity Designs may from time to time do marketing and promotion of Third Party products and services to the User. If User prefers to not receive marketing information from this site, they may at any time follow the Opt-Out Procedures set forth below and Identity Designs will remove them from future mailings. Identity Designs is not liable for or responsible for the products and services offered by the Third Party. Identity Designs makes it a point to use secure encryption to assure that none of this information can be stolen from us and Identity Designs makes it a point not to share any of this information with any Third Party (Third Party). Identity Designs will not share, sell, or rent any private information of User with a Third Party as outlined above.
Cookies
To enhance User experience with Identity Designs' sites, the Identity Designs Website may employ the use of "cookies." Cookies are text files which the Identity Designs Website may place in a User's computer browser cache to store the preferences of that specific User. Cookies, by themselves, do not tell us any personal information about the User, such as their e-mail address, or any other personally identifiable information unless User chooses to provide this information to us by, for example, registering for a Identity Designs Website promotion. Once a User chooses to furnish the site with personally identifiable information, this information may be linked to the data stored in the cookie. Identity Designs primarily uses cookies to understand site usage and to improve the content of the Identity Designs Website. For example, Identity Designs may use cookies to personalize a User's experience at the Identity Designs Website or save User password in password-protected areas. The Identity Designs Website also may use cookies to offer the User Identity Designs products, promotions, or services.
Security
The Identity Designs Website has security measures in place to help protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under Identity Designs' control. Any time the Identity Designs Website asks for a credit card number, the Identity Designs Website transmits that credit card number in an encrypted format. The Identity Designs Website use industry-standard, SSL (secure socket layer) encryption. Identity Designs makes every effort to assure our website visitors of safe and secure online transactions, communications, and sharing of information. The security of personal and private information shared with Identity Designs is of the highest priority to Identity Designs and it's personnel.
Children
The Identity Designs Website is a general audience site intended for Business Owners. It is not intended for, nor does Identity Designs direct any of its content to, children under thirteen (13) years of age.
Opt-Out Procedures
Identity Designs gives a User the following options for removing User information from Identity Designs' database in order to stop receiving future communications from Identity Designs.
1. At the bottom of every non-personal e-mail is a link to unsubscribe from that specific mailing list
2. You can send email to: unsubscribe@identitydesigns.com
3. You can send mail to the following postal address:
Identity Designs
P.O. Box 6381
Norco, CA 92860
Correct/Update
Identity Designs gives a User the following options for informing us of changes to information a User has previously provided:
1. Email to: updates@identitydesigns.com
2. Send mail to the following postal address:
Identity Designs
P.O. Box 6381
Norco, CA 92860
Contacting Identity Designs
If Users have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or other matters relating to the Identity Designs Website, please feel free to contact: info@identitydesigns.com.
Identity Designs
P.O. Box 6381
Norco, CA 92860
Any of the policies or procedures above may be changed at any time without prior notice. Although this Privacy Policy is not a binding contract and does not create any legal rights, it does serve as an expression of Identity Designs' commitment to protecting private personal information.
The Online Business News
DISCOVER
SECRETS TO BUILDING
A SUCCESSFUL ONLINE
BUSINESS
- delivered to your inbox every month -
Name :
E-mail :
$96 SUBSCRIPTION VALUE - FREE
ALL INFORMATION KEPT CONFIDENTIAL
DO BUSINESS WITH A TRUSTED NAME
IDENTITY DESIGNS
is a member of theInternationalCouncil of Online Professionals.
IDENTITY DESIGNSis a Member ofThe BetterInternet Bureau
Read News and Articles on: Free Website Marketing | Online Spending | Internet Marketing |
Search Engine Promotion |
Internet Statistics | Website Design | Link to Us
WHY US    ::   WEBSITE DESIGN   ::   WEBSITE HOSTING   ::   SEARCH ENGINE SUBMISSION   ::   INTERNET MARKETING
HOME   ::   ABOUT US   ::   TESTIMONIALS   ::   WEBSITE PORTFOLIO   ::   SUPPORT
Copyright © 2004 Identity Designs All rights reserved.   ::   Privacy Policy
::
Terms of Use
::
No Spam Policy
::
Link Exchange