http://www.trestria.co.uk/information/privacy-notice/
Privacy Notice
How we use your information
This privacy notice tells you what to expect when Tres Tria Limited collects personal information. It applies to information we collect about:
Visitors to our websites;
Surveys on our blog;
People who use our services, eg who use our support services or subscribe to our newsletter;
People who notify under the Data Protection Act;
Job applicants and our current and former employees.
Visitors to our websites
When someone visits our website we use a third party service, Google Analytics, to collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behavior patterns. We do this to find out things such as the number of visitors to the various parts of the site. This information is only processed in a way which does not identify anyone. If we do want to collect personally identifiable information through our website, we will be up front about this. We will make it clear when we collect personal information and will explain what we intend to do with it.
Use of cookies
You can read more about how we use cookies on our Cookies Policy page.
Search engine
Search queries and results are logged anonymously to help us improve our website and search functionality. No user-specific data is collected by either Tres Tria Limited or any third party.
E-newsletter
We gather statistics around email opening and clicks using industry standard technologies including clear gifs to help us monitor and improve our e-newsletter.
People who call our Telephone Line
When you call the Tres Tria Limited Telephone Line we collect Calling Line Identification (CLI) information. We use this information to help improve its efficiency and effectiveness.
People who email us
We use Microsoft Office 365, and use Transport Layer Security (TLS) to encrypt and protect email traffic. If your email service does not support TLS, you should be aware that any emails we send or receive may not be protected in transit.
We will also monitor any emails sent to us, including file attachments, for viruses or malicious software. Please be aware that you have a responsibility to ensure that any email you send is within the bounds of the law.
People who use our LiveChat service
We use a third party provider, My LiveChat, to supply and support our Live Chat service, which we use to handle customer enquiries in real time.
If you use the My LiveChat service we will collect your name, email address (optional) and the contents of your My LiveChat session. This information will be retained for two years and will not be shared with any other organisations.
You can request a transcript of your My LiveChat session if you provide your email address at the start of your session or when prompted at the end.
People who use Tres Tria Limited services
Tres Tria Limited does not offer services to the general public. We provide services only to businesses. When businesses communicate with us, or request to procure our services, they are asked to provide the contact details of a relevant member of staff. We have to hold the details of the people who have requested the service in order to provide it. However, we only use these details to provide the service the person has requested.
People who register (notify) under the Data Protection Act 1998
Many businesses are required by law to ‘notify’ certain specified information to the Information Commissioner. This may contain personal information, for example where the business is a sole trader. Tres Tria Limited compiles this information into a register which it is required by law to make publicly available. Tres Tria Limited cannot therefore give any guarantees as to how the information contained on the register will be used by those accessing it.
Job applicants - current and former Tres Tria Limited employees
Tres Tria Limited is the data controller for the information you provide during the process unless otherwise stated. If you have any queries about the process or how we handle your information please contact us at website@trestria.co.uk.
What will we do with the information you provide to us?
All of the information you provide during the process will only be used for the purpose of progressing your application, or to fulfil legal or regulatory requirements if necessary.
We will not share any of the information you provide during the recruitment process with any third parties for marketing purposes or store any of your information outside of the European Economic Area. The information you provide will be held securely by us and/or our data processors whether the information is in electronic or physical format.
We will use the contact details you provide to us to contact you to progress your application. We will use the other information you provide to assess your suitability for the role you have applied for.
What information do we ask for, and why?
We do not collect more information than we need to fulfill our stated purposes and will not retain it for longer than is necessary.
The information we ask for is used to assess your suitability for employment. You don’t have to provide what we ask for but it might affect your application if you don’t.
Application stage
If you use our online application system, this will be collected by a data processor on our behalf (please see below).
We ask you for your personal details including name and contact details. We will also ask you about your previous experience, education, referees and for answers to questions relevant to the role you have applied for. Our recruitment team will have access to all of this information.
Assessments
We might ask you to participate in assessment days; complete tests or occupational personality profile questionnaires; and/or to attend an interview – or a combination of these. Information will be generated by you and by us. For example, you might complete a written test or we might take interview notes. This information is held by Tres Tria Limited.
If you are unsuccessful following assessment for the position you have applied for, we may ask if you would like your details to be retained in our talent pool for a period of six months. If you say yes, we would proactively contact you should any further suitable vacancies arise.
Conditional offer
If we make a conditional offer of employment we will ask you for information so that we can carry out pre-employment checks. You must successfully complete pre-employment checks to progress to a final offer.
You may therefore be required to provide:
Proof of your identity – you will be asked to attend our office with original documents, we will take copies.
Proof of your qualifications – you will be asked to attend our office with original documents, we will take copies.
You will be asked to complete a criminal records declaration to declare any unspent convictions.
We will contact your referees, using the details you provide in your application, directly to obtain references
If we make a final offer, we will also ask you for the following:
Bank details – to process salary payments
Emergency contact details – so we know who to contact in case you have an emergency at work
How long is the information retained for?
If you are successful, the information you provide during the application process will be retained by us as part of your employee file for the duration of your employment plus 6 years following the end of your employment. This includes your criminal records declaration and references.
If you are unsuccessful at any stage of the process, the information you have provided until that point will be retained for 3 months from the closure of the campaign.
Information generated throughout the assessment process, for example interview notes, is retained by us for 3 months following the closure of the campaign.
Your rights
Under the Data Protection Act 1998, you have rights as an individual which you can exercise in relation to the information we hold about you.
Complaints or queries
Tres Tria Limited tries to meet the highest standards when collecting and using personal information. For this reason, we take any complaints we receive about this very seriously. We encourage people to bring it to our attention if they think that our collection or use of information is unfair, misleading or inappropriate. We would also welcome any suggestions for improving our procedures.
This privacy notice was drafted with brevity and clarity in mind. It does not provide exhaustive detail of all aspects of Tres Tria’s collection and use of personal information. However, we are happy to provide any additional information or explanation needed. Any requests for this should be sent to the address below.
If you want to make a complaint about the way we have processed your personal information, you can contact www.ico.org, the statutory body which oversees data protection law.
Access to personal information
Tres Tria Limited tries to be as open as it can be in terms of giving people access to their personal information. Individuals can find out if we hold any personal information by making a ‘subject access request’ under the Data Protection Act 1998. If we do hold information about you we will:
Give you a description of it;
Tell you why we are holding it;
Tell you who it could be disclosed to; and
Let you have a copy of the information in an intelligible form.
To make a request to Tres Tria Limited for any personal information we may hold you need to put the request in writing addressing it to our "Data Protection Officer" to the address provided below.
If you agree, we will try to deal with your request informally, for example by providing you with the specific information you need over the telephone
If we do hold information about you, you can ask us to correct any mistakes by, once again, contacting the "Data Protection Officer".
Changes to this privacy notice
We keep our privacy notice under regular review. This privacy notice was last updated on 12 March 2018.
How to contact us
If you want to request information about our privacy policy you can email us or write to:
Data Protection Officer
Tres Tria Limited
58 Riverside 2
Sir Thomas Longley Road
Rochester
Kent
ME2 4DP