http://www.examaids.com/content/13-privacy
>
Privacy
Your privacy
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their 'Personally identifiable information' (PII) is being used online. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your PII in accordance with our website.
What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our website?
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, mailing address, phone number or other details.
When do we collect information?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order, subscribe to a newsletter or enter information on our site.
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
To process your transactions quickly and efficiently
To personalise the user experience on our website
To deliver content and product offerings of interest to you
To improve our website in order to better serve you
To better service your customer support requests
To administer promotion, survey or other site features
How do we protect visitor information?
We store your information on servers used by our host that meet PCI standards.
Compliance with general data protection regulation (GDPR)
If you are a citizen of the European Union and you have supplied us with personal data, you may request:
Precisely what personal data we hold on record
How we use the personal data we hold on record
We stop processing the personal data we hold on record
We deliver to you the personal data we hold on record
We delete all personal data we hold on record
To make a formal request, please email us by using the Contact Us form.
Do we use an SSL certificate?
We do use an SSL certificate to encrypt data sent from pages such as login, contact us, and checkout pages (i.e., when sensitive information is relayed).
Do we use 'cookies'?
Yes, we use coolies. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your web browser (if you allow) that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. We use cookies to enable the following:
Help remember and process the items in the shopping cart
Understand and save user's preferences for future visits
Compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interactions in order to offer better site experiences and tools in the future
To help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services
We may also use trusted third party services that track this information on our behalf
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser (Safari, Internet Explorer, Firefox, Chrome, etc) settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser's Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
If you disable cookies, some features will be disabled and our site may not function properly. However, you can still place orders.
Third Party Disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information unless we provide you with advance notice. This does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or providing a service to you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe it is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property, or safety.
Third party links
We do not include or offer third party products or services on our website. We have not enabled Google AdSense on our site but we may do so in the future.
How does our site handle do not track signals?
We honour any do not track signals, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place.
Does our site allow third party behavioural tracking?
It's also important to note that we do not allow third party behavioural tracking.
Questions
If you have any questions, please feel free to email us for clarification or assurance by using the Contact Us form.
Last Edited on 2018-05-11.
I have looked into the alternative exam prep material and I really think your products are by far the best….. Actually, I felt the other companies’ exam prep material was useless in comparison to yours.
Thomas Benner
I used your programs to prepare for the Photoshop and InDesign exams in the past and I can't imagine taking one without an exam aid now. I'm an ACE, ACI, ACP and I highly recommend exam aids to all my clients.
Benoit Pennecot
Bundled Products
• Examaids CC 2015 ACE Bundle [PC]
• Examaids CC 2015 ACE Bundle [Mac]
• Examaids CC 2015 ACA Bundle [PC]
• Examaids CC 2015 ACA Bundle [Mac]
Viewed products
Adobe Certified...
Adobe Certified...
Adobe Certified Expert...
Exam Guides & Objectives
Download Exam Guides & Objectives
Latest Blogs
examEngine supported in macOS Catalina
0 Comment
examEngine supported in macOS Catalina.
Certification Renewal
0 Comment
News about Adobe Certified Expert (ACE) exam renewal requirements.
How to sit for an Adobe Certified Expert (ACE) exam
0 Comment
How to sit for an Adobe Certified Expert (ACE) exam.
Adobe Certified Expert online proctored exams
0 Comment
Adobe Certified Expert (ACE) online proctored exams now available via CertMetrics (PSI).
Adobe moves to a new exam delivery provider
0 Comment
Adobe has moved the Adobe Certified Expert (ACE) testing and certification services from Pearson VUE.
Adobe set to move Adobe Certified Expert (ACE) testing and certification services to a new provider
0 Comment
View All
BLOG RSS
Subscribe to Blog
FREQUENT QUESTIONS
View Commonly Asked Questions
Subscribe To Us
Sign up to our newsletter.
Ok
Scroll To Top