http://www.trivista.com/privacy-policy/
TriVista > Privacy Policy
At TriVista Business Group, referred to as TriVista, we take your privacy seriously.
This privacy policy informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personal information we receive from users of this website. If you have any questions about this policy or do not agree to it, please contact us before using this website. Periodically, we may make changes to our policy, and it’s important that you check this page to stay informed of the changes.
Information Collection and Use
While using our site, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally-identifiable information may include, but is not limited to, your name (“Personal Information”) and email address.
Communications
We may use your personal information to contact you with newsletters, marketing messages or promotional materials and other information that you may find interesting or educational. If you would prefer not to receive these communications, you may unsubscribe from our list at any time by clicking on the Unsubscribe link on our marketing emails or calling us at [+1-800-694-1484].
Log Data
Like many site operators, we collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our site (“log data”).
This log data may include information such as your computer’s internet protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Site that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics.
In addition, we may use third party services such as Google Analytics that collect, monitor and analyze this data in aggregate.
Cookies
Cookies are files that contain small amounts of data. They are sent from from our website and stored on your computer’s hard drive. They may include an anonymous unique identifier.
[TriVista] may use cookies in the following ways:
1. To personalize the site. [TriVista ] may use cookies to personalize your experience on our website by displaying content [TriVista ] believes might interest you based on your information.
2. To estimate the size of our audience. Each browser accessing the site is given a unique cookie which is then used to determine the size of our audience and the extent of repeat usage.
3. To track visitor trends and patterns. We use the information provided by cookies to improve, update and revise the features offered by [TriVista]. This, we believe, will provide our visitors with more useful content and services.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our site.
Sharing of Personal Information
[TriVista ] does not share your collected information with third parties.
Security
We make every reasonable effort to keep your information secure. But remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time. If and when we make changes to this policy, we will display a notice on our website. By continuing to use the website after the notice has been published constitutes your acceptance of this Privacy Policy.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at [+1-888-694-1484] or info@trivista.com.
Privacy Policy