https://www.videohelp.com/contact
Forum
Forum Index
Today's Posts
New Posts
File Uploader
Software
All software
Popular tools
Portable tools
DVD Hacks
DVD Players
DVD Media
Guides
All guides
Articles
Authoring
Capture
Converting
Editing
DVD and Blu-ray ripping
What Is
Blu-ray, UHD, AVCHD
DVD
VCD
Glossary
Contact Us / Privacy Policy
Try DVDFab DRM Removal and copy iTunes movies, music / remove iTunes DRM protection! Download free trial !
How
To Contact Us
Subject*:
Please select
Advertising/Sponsor
Forum registration
Remove/change my comment/report
Donation
Bug report
Wrong information
Broken/Dead link
Webhost for my tool(s)
Remove hosted file
Other site feedback
Your email:
(Optional, if you want a reply*)
Feedback*:
What is the abbreviation for Digital Video Disc?*:
This should be empty!*:
(* = required)
*We will only answer site feedback emails. We are not offering any email-support for our guides or other video related problems, use our forum for such problems instead.
VideoHelp.com
Copyright Statement
Everything on this website(videohelp.com)
can be copied, reproduced or in any way distributed. But please mention the source address.
VideoHelp.com Privacy policy and Cookies policy
Videohelp.com Privacy Policy SummaryThis Privacy Policy
applies to videohelp.com and forum.videohelp.com. It does not apply to other sites to which we link.
VideoHelp.com may use cookies to enhance your surfing experience, but cookies will not be used under any circumstances to personally identify you without your prior consent. If the user decides to participate in the forum, with user's consent, a cookie will be issued to keep track of the username and password for the period of 1 year.
Third Party Advertising
Some ads appearing on this Web site are delivered to you by our Web advertising partner. Information about your visit to this site, such as number of times you have viewed an ad (but not your name, address, or other personal information), is used to serve ads to you on this site.
Third Party Cookies
In the course of serving advertisements to this site, our third-party advertiser may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser.
If you have any questions, suggestions or complains about our Privacy policy please contact us.
Read more about the european cookie consent law here.
Videohelp.com Privacy Policy Information Collection
Information Usage
Information Protection
Cookie Usage
3rd Party Disclosure
3rd Party Links
Google AdSense
Fair Information Practices
Fair information Practices
COPPA
CalOPPA
Our Contact Information This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their 'Personally Identifiable Information' (PII) is being used online. PII, as described in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our blog, website or app?When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your email address
or other details to help you with your experience.When do we collect information?We collect information from you when you register on our site or enter information on our site. How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:      • To personalize your experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.How do we protect your information?We do not use vulnerability scanning and/or scanning to PCI standards.We only provide articles and information. We never ask for credit card numbers.We use regular Malware Scanning.Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. In addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology. We implement a variety of security measures when a user enters, submits, or accesses their information to maintain the safety of your personal information.All transactions are processed through a gateway provider and are not stored or processed on our servers.Do we use 'cookies'?Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.We use cookies to:      • Understand and save user's preferences for future visits.You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings. Since browser is a little different, look at your browser's Help Menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.If users disable cookies in their browser:If you turn cookies off it will turn off some of the features of the site.Third-party disclosureWe do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your Personally Identifiable Information.Third-party linksOccasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third-party products or services on our website. These third-party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.GoogleGoogle's advertising requirements can be summed up by Google's Advertising Principles. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users. https://support.google.com/adwordspolicy/answer/1316548?hl=en We use Google AdSense Advertising on our website.Google, as a third-party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on previous visits to our site and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt-out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google Ad and Content Network privacy policy.We have implemented the following:      • Remarketing with Google AdSenseWe, along with third-party vendors such as Google use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) or other third-party identifiers together to compile data regarding user interactions with ad impressions and other ad service functions as they relate to our website. Opting out:Users can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Settings page. Alternatively, you can opt out by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative Opt Out page or by using the Google Analytics Opt Out Browser add on.California Online Privacy Protection ActCalOPPA is the first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy.
The law's reach stretches well beyond California to require any person or company in the United States (and conceivably the world) that operates websites collecting Personally Identifiable Information from California consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being collected and those individuals or companies with whom it is being shared. -
See more at: http://consumercal.org/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa/#sthash.0FdRbT51.dpufAccording to CalOPPA, we agree to the following:Users can visit our site anonymously.Once this privacy policy is created, we will add a link to it on our home page or as a minimum, on the first significant page after entering our website.Our Privacy Policy link includes the word 'Privacy' and can easily be found on the page specified above.You will be notified of any Privacy Policy changes:      • On our Privacy Policy PageCan change your personal information:      • By logging in to your accountHow does our site handle Do Not Track signals?We honor Do Not Track signals and Do Not Track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place. Does our site allow third-party behavioral tracking?It's also important to note that third-party behavioral tracking may be used by Google Adsense.COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under the age of 13 years old, the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control.
The Federal Trade Commission, United States' consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children's privacy and safety online.We do not specifically market to children under the age of 13 years old.Fair Information PracticesThe Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur:We will notify you via email      • Within 1 business dayWe also agree to the Individual Redress Principle which requires that individuals have the right to legally pursue enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or government agencies to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.CAN SPAM ActThe CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.We collect your email address in order to:To be in accordance with CANSPAM, we agree to the following:If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can email us at and we will promptly remove you from ALL correspondence.Contacting UsIf there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below.Videohelp.comVastergatan 16 CMalmo, 21121 Swedensupport@videohelp.comLast Edited on 2020-04-08
Statistics
602				unique visitors
Latest tool updates
PotPlayer 201209 / 201211 Beta
LosslessCut 3.29.1
Subtitld 20.12.10.2153
Prism Video Converter 6.87
MakeMKV 1.15.4 Beta
HitFilm Express Free 16 / Pro 16
Yrewind 20.121
ProgDVB 7.38.5
Recent DVD Hacks
LG UBK90
LG UBK80
LG BD670
Panasonic DMR-BW880
Panasonic DVD-S500
Samsung BD-J4500
Samsung BD-J4500R
Philips DVP3340V
Sony DVP-CX985V
Sony UBP-X700
New media comments
Princo DVD-R
Ritek Excellent DVD-R
Kodak BD-R
Copystars BD-R
Verbatim DVD+R
Intact DVD+R
EXTEK
DVD+R
Qilive DVD+R
Newest guides
Top ffmpeg lossless commands
How does a video codec work?
JVC Dynamic Drum Ultimate Fix
How to capture anything with Obs Studio
Search   Contact us   Privacy Policy   About   Advertise   Forum   RSS Feeds   Statistics   Software
Site layout:
Affiliates:
free-codecs.com
©1999-2020
videohelp.com