http://www.securidata.co.uk/terms-of-use
Services
Public Cloud
Services
Disaster Recovery
as a Service
Backup as
a Service
Business Continuity
as a Service
Support
COVID-19
0800 033 6633
Customer Portal
Close the search
Close submenu
Contact us
Resources
About Databarracks
Terms of use
This page (together with the documents and web pages referred to on it) tells you the terms on which you may use www.databarracks.com ("the Website"). You should read these terms of use carefully before using the Website. If you do not agree to these terms of use please do not use the Website. By using the Website, you indicate that you accept these terms of use and that you agree to abide by them.
Information about us
The Website is a site operated by Databarracks Limited ("We"). We are registered in Guernsey under number 40662 and its registered office is at Ground Floor Mill court, La Charroterie, St Peter Port, Guernsey, GY1 1EJ. Correspondence in the UK may be addressed to: Databarracks, 1 Bridges Court, London, SW11 3BB.
Accessing the Website
You may access the Website but We reserve the right to withdraw or amend any service that We provide on the Website without notice. Except as otherwise set forth in a separate written agreement We may also suspend access to the Website or close it indefinitely at any time, for any reason, including, without limitation, for lack of use or if We believe that you have violated or acted inconsistently with these Terms and Conditions or the purpose of the Website. We will not be liable if for any reason the Website is unavailable at any time or for any period. Further, you acknowledge that We shall not be liable to you, or any third party, for any termination of your access to the Website. We may restrict access to the Website or some parts of it to users who have registered with us. If you use the Website, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of any password or user identification code that We provide to you and must not disclose it to anyone else. We reserve the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, remove or edit content at our sole discretion.
Intellectual property rights
We are the owner or the licensee of all intellectual property rights in the Website, and in the material published on it. You must not use any part of the materials on the Website for commercial purposes without our prior written approval or that of our licensors.
Reliance on information posted
Commentary and other materials posted on the Website are not intended to amount to advice on which reliance should be placed. We disclaim all liability and responsibility arising from any reliance placed on such materials by any user of the Website, or by anyone who may be informed of any of its contents. The material displayed on the Website is provided without any guarantees, conditions or warranties as to its accuracy and any of the material on the Website may be out of date at any given time. We are under no obligation to update the Website or its contents at any time. Nothing in these terms of use is intended to detract from your rights (if any) as a consumer.
Our liability
We shall have no liability for any loss of profits, anticipated savings, business opportunity, goodwill or loss of or damage to (including corruption) data (whether direct or indirect) or any other indirect or consequential losses whether arising in contract, tort (including negligence) or otherwise incurred by any user in connection with the Website or in connection with the use, inability to use, or results of the use of the Website, any Websites linked to it and any materials posted on it. We will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by a distributed denial-of-service attack, viruses or other technologically harmful material that may infect your computer equipment, computer programs, data or other proprietary material due to your use of the Website or to your downloading of any material posted on it, or on any Website linked to it. Nothing in these terms of use shall limit or exclude any liability for death or personal injury caused by negligence, for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation or for any other liability which cannot be properly excluded under English law. Although we endeavour to securely manage and maintain the website and the confidentiality, integrity and availability of any information provided by you through it we will not be liable for any loss of data.
Information about you and your visits to the Website
We process information about you in accordance with our Privacy Policy. By using the Website, you consent to such processing and you warrant that all data provided by you is accurate.
Linking to the Website
You may link to the Website, provided that you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it. You must not link to the Website in any what which would suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists. We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice. Links from the Website Where the Website contains links to Websites and resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your information only. We have no control over the contents of those Websites or resources, and accept no responsibility for them or for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them.
Jurisdiction and applicable law
By visiting the Website, you agree that the laws of England and Wales and the Courts of England shall have jurisdiction over any claim or dispute of any sort arising from or in relation to them.
Amending the Terms Of Use
We may revise these terms of use at any time by amending this page. You should check this page from time to time to take notice of any changes that We made, as they are binding on you. Some of the provisions contained in these terms of use may also be superseded by provisions or notices published elsewhere on the Website.
Your concerns
If you have any concerns about material which appears on the Website, please contact contact@databarracks.com.
Close the contact
Contact us: UK
Call free within the UK
0800 033 6633
Overseas
Outside the UK?
+44 (0)203 1771 910
General Enquires
contact@databarracks.com
Partners
partners@databarracks.com
Sales
sales@databarracks.com
Accounts
accounts@databarracks.com
Marketing
marketing@databarracks.com
Careers
hr@databarracks.com
Follow us:
LinkedIn
Twitter
Visit us:
Address:
Databarracks Ltd 1 Bridges Court London SW11 3BB UK
Get in touch:
Choose option Public Cloud Services Disaster Recovery as a Service Backup as a Service Business Continuity as a Service
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
Submit
This website uses cookies. To find out more, read our Cookies policy. By continuing to use the site, you consent to our use of cookies.
OK