http://www.rpdesign.com/privacypolicy
Search form
Search
Menu
HOME
ABOUT USTestimonials
SERVICESDesign
Programming
Marketing
OUR WORK
NEWSFree Industry Reports
CONTACT USSales Contacts
Client Support
Employment
Privacy Policy
Our Commitment to Your Privacy
Safeguarding your privacy is a responsibility we take seriously. RP Design has created this privacy policy in order to explain how your personal information is collected and used on this web site: www.rpdesign.com.
We collect Information to Serve You
Collecting information from visitors to our web site makes it possible for RP Design to deliver the kind of personalized service you expect. On certain pages of our web site you can fill in a form in order to make comments, request information, and/or register to receive materials from us.
How Your Information is Used
We DO NOT sell your information. RP Design uses the information you provide to us for internal purposes only.
On some pages of our web site, we provide a link for you to send us an e-mail. We use your return e-mail address in order to send you a response. This return address is not used for any other purpose. Any information contained in your e-mail is also kept strictly confidential.
Our web site uses forms to allow you to request information on our products and services. In these forms, we collect your contact information (name, address, e-mail address, etc.). We use the contact information you provide to respond to your inquiry. If you do not want us to know any of your contact information, please do not submit a form to us.
The RP Design web site features a monthly newsletter containing the latest information on our products and services. We provide a registration form on our web site for those interested in receiving this newsletter via e-mail. This monthly e-mail provides you with an opportunity to opt-out if you no longer wish to receive our newsletter. RP Design does NOT send unsolicited e-mail.
We use non-identifying information to help keep track of our web site traffic. The RP Design web site uses a software program that gives us the ability to track things like number of visitors, what pages are being viewed the most, etc. This information reveals nothing personal about you. Our web server does NOT record the e-mail addresses of our visitors.
How to Contact Us
If you have any other questions or concerns about our privacy policy, please call us toll free at 1-800-847-3475, or contact us through the web site.
Mailing Address
P.O. Box 1189
Cheshire, CT 06410
CT: 203-271-7991
CT: 860-426-9787
NC: 704-543-6592
Privacy   |   Site Map
Copyright ©2020, RP Design Web Services - All Rights Reserved.