http://www.autoshopwiz.com/privacy.aspx
Privacy Policy
We are constantly working to provide excellent service to you, our customers and business partners, while building a long-lasting relationship with you.  To achieve these goals, we occasionally need information about you when you visit our site.We respect your right to privacy.  When you visit AutoShopWiz.com, you may be providing information to us on two different levels about your visit:Anonymous statistics collected as you browse the sitePersonal information you knowingly give us.We want you to be aware of how we handle this information.Our Commitment to Your PrivacyWe would like to assure you that we do not:Collect personal information from you unless you provide it to us.Provide or sell the names and addresses of our customers to outside vendors.We do:Safeguard customers' information from unauthorized access.Collect, maintain and use customer information as necessary to provide the most helpful and targeted products and services to meet customers' needs (e.g. customer care or new products or services).Honor customers' requests to remove their names from our telephone or mail solicitation lists in a timely manner.Maintain confidentiality of customer information when undertaking projects with other companies.We have always valued your privacy, and we reinforce this belief throughout our organization.  Your information will be protected as described unless the specific Web page says otherwise.  If you have further questions about our privacy policy, please Contact Us.Information this Site Gathers/TracksStatistics about your visitAs you browse the site, our Web servers collect information about your visit, not about you personally.  Via Web server logs, we monitor statistics such as:How many people visit our siteWhich pages people visit on our siteFrom which domains our visitors come (e.g., "yahoo.com" or "aol.com")Which browsers people use to visit our siteWhile we gather this information, none of it is associated with you as an individual.  We use these statistics to improve our Web site, to monitor its performance, and to make it easier for you and other visitors to use.Organizational and Personal information you knowingly give usWithin www.AutoShopWiz.com, you may be asked to give us personal or organizational information in order to purchase or receive information about a product or service.  This information may range from your generic zip code, to your specific phone number, account number, credit card number, email address, organization URL and mailing address.Use of the Information this Site Gathers/TracksYour IP Address and Host NameOur Web sites log Host Names and IP addresses (when the Host Name is not available) for systems administration and security purposes.  These logs are monitored and analyzed to maintain systems and information security and allow us to constantly improve the value and the availability of the Web content.Order FormsOur order forms securely collect visitor's contact information and financial information (like your credit card number and other billing information).  Contact information on the order form is used for order fulfillment and may be shared with our Partners or Resellers if that is necessary to fulfill your request.  The information that we require in our order form is only used to process your order quickly and accurately.  Your contact information will only be used to send you the product that you purchase and your billing information will only be used to bill you for that product.  During the purchasing process, you may be given the opportunity to sign up for future emailings regarding our products, services, and promotions.  If you sign up, we will share your contact information with other partner companies only, not with other outside companies.As our online systems become more sophisticated, you may also be given the option of registering a profile with us.  This would store your name, purchase history, and billing information to make it easier for you to shop and purchase products/services from us in the future.  Once profiling is available, you may opt out of this feature at any time by changing / canceling your profile online.CookiesA cookie is a small, encrypted data string our server writes to your hard drive that contains your unique User ID.  We use cookies to deliver Web content specific to your interests and to control access to our premium areas.  A cookie cannot be used to access or otherwise compromise the data on your hard drive.  You can choose to change your browser settings to disable cookies if you do not want us to establish and maintain a unique User ID.  Please be aware that cookies may be required to complete certain functions on AutoShopWiz.com.Sharing of the Information this Site Gathers/TracksThe information you submit on the order form is never shared with any third parties unless it is necessary to complete your request, or as required by law, we will not share customer proprietary network information with other affiliate companies, unless you give us permission to do so (either online, or via phone or mail).Information SecurityWe have security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of information under our control.  When you place an order, the information you submit is encrypted using the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol.Links to Other SitesOur Web site contains links to other Web sites.  Please be aware that our privacy policy does not apply to these sites.Opt-out PolicyOur site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us and our Partners at the point where we request information about the visitor.  Visitors who wish to remove their information from our database to not receive future communications or to no longer receive our service can Contact Us.Correcting/Update PolicyIf you would like to correct and/or update your information, please Contact Us.
Email this Page
Add to your Favorites
Top
Copyright © 2015 - All rights reserved.Trademarks and Disclaimer:All trademarks belong to their respective companies.Privacy Policy