https://www.bsquare.com/privacy-statement/cookie-policy/
Home
Privacy Statement
Cookie Notice for Bsquare Websites
This Cookie Notice (“Notice“) describes how Bsquare and its partners (collectively referred to as “Bsquare,” “we,” “us,” or “our“) collect and process information about you on the Bsquare websites (“Bsquare Sites”) through the use of cookies. We use the term “cookies” in this Notice to refer to website cookies and also to similar technologies that may collect information automatically when you visit the Bsquare Sites (such as pixel tags and web beacons). For information about our other data privacy practices, please visit our Privacy Notice.
By using our websites, you accept the use of cookies in accordance with this Notice, subject to any choices you make as described below.
What is a cookie?
A cookie is a small text file that a Web server places on your computer or mobile device when you visit a website. This small text file may include a unique identifier that distinguishes your computer or mobile device from other devices. Cookies serve a number of purposes such as letting you navigate between webpages efficiently, remembering your preferences, and generally improving the user experience. Cookies may tell us, for example, whether you have visited the Bsquare Sites before or whether you are a new visitor. They can also help to ensure that content we display and marketing messages are more relevant to you and your interests.
For further information on cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set on your device and how to manage and delete them, visit www.allaboutcookies.org.
How long do cookies last?
Cookies can remain on your computer or mobile device for different periods of time. Some cookies are “session cookies”. These exist only while your browser is open and are deleted automatically once you close your browser. Other cookies are “persistent cookies”. These cookies survive after your browser is closed until a defined expiration date. They can be used by websites to recognize your computer when you open your browser and browse the Internet again.
What other technologies are used to track my website visits?
We and others may also use other technologies for tracking, such as pixel tags and web beacons. Web beacons and pixel tags are electronic images that may be used on Bsquare Sites or in our emails. We use web beacons, for example, to deliver cookies, count visits, understand usage of the Bsquare Sites and Bsquare’s services, analyze the effectiveness of Bsquare Site features and campaigns, and tell if an email has been opened and acted upon.
What kind of cookies are served through the Bsquare Sites?
The following sets out some ways in which Bsquare uses cookies to track visitors to the Bsquare Sites.
Analytics cookies:
We use analytics, including analytics conducted by third-party services, to help analyze how users use the Bsquare Sites and our services. To do this we and our third-party service providers use cookies and scripts to collect and store information such as how users interact with our services, errors users encounter when using our services, device identifiers, how often and for how long users visit and use the services, what pages they visit on our services, whether they act on or open emails, and what other sites they used prior to coming to the Bsquare Sites. We use this information to improve our site and your user experience, such as remembering you when you return to the Bsquare Sites, understanding your preferences and interests, and knowing which of our web pages are visited and what services are most often used.
Some of the analytics cookies regularly used on the Bsquare Sites include the following:
CompanyWebsiteManage Settings (opt-out) Google Analytics
https://policies.google.com/privacy
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
HotJar
https://www.hotjar.com/legal/policies/privacy
https://www.hotjar.com/legal/compliance/opt-out
HubSpot https://www.salesforce.com/company/privacy/
https://www.salesforce.com/company/privacy/
Targeting or advertising cookies:
We and our third-party partners may use information collected using cookies on our services and in our emails to deliver ads about our services displayed to you on third-party websites and applications. We also may use cookies to know when you return to our services after visiting these third-party websites and applications. Our third-party partners may also use this information for third-party advertising. These third parties may automatically collect information about your use of our services, visits to the Bsquare Sites and other websites, your IP address, your internet service provider, and the browser you use to visit the Bsquare Sites.
Some of the targeting or advertising cookies regularly used on the Bsquare Sites include the following:
CompanyWebsiteManage Settings (opt-out)Google (DoubleClick) https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads
https://adssettings.google.com/
How to manage or delete cookies on Bsquare Sites
The following are examples of how you can manage or delete many of the cookies served through the Bsquare Sites:
Cookie opt-out links. You may manage or opt out of certain uses of many cookies served through the Bsquare Sites by using the links provided above.Browser settings. Many web browsers accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually change your browser’s settings to reject and/or to remove many cookies. On some browsers, you can choose to let the Bsquare Sites place cookies, but choose to reject cookies from certain third parties (such as analytics companies). As the precise means by which you may do this will vary from browser to browser, please visit your browser’s help or settings menu for more information.
Please note also that if you choose to reject or remove cookies, this may prevent certain features or services of Bsquare Sites from working properly. Since your cookie opt-out preferences are also stored in a cookie in your website browser, please also note that if you delete all cookies, use a different browser, or buy a new computer, you will need to renew your opt-out choices.
E-mail tracking
Bsquare may also use e-mail tracking technologies to monitor the success of e-mail campaigns it operates (for example, recording how many e-mails in a campaign were opened). If you do not want us to track emails we send you, some email services let you change your display to turn off HTML or disable download of images and exercising these rights should effectively disable our email tracking. In addition, you may also unsubscribe from our marketing emails as described in those emails.
Do Not Track
Some Internet browsers include the ability to transmit “Do Not Track” signals. The Bsquare Sites do not currently process or respond to “Do Not Track” signals. To learn more about “Do Not Track”, please visit “All About Do Not Track”.
In addition to “Do Not Track”, there are many ways that web browser signals and similar mechanisms can indicate your tracking choices, and we may not be aware of nor honor every mechanism.
Modifications
This Notice was last updated on July 27, 2020.
We may amend this Notice at any time by posting the amended version on the Bsquare Sites or by providing such notice about or obtaining consent to changes as may be required by applicable law.
Contact Information
If you have any questions regarding this Notice, please email Bsquare at legal@bsquare.com.
For visitors from a country in the European Economic Area, you may contact us using the following details:
BSQUARE CorporationCounty GateCounty WayTrowbridgeBA14 7FJUnited Kingdom
For visitors from any other country outside of the European Economic Area, please contact:
Bsquare Corporation1415 Western Ave., Suite 700Seattle, WA 98101