http://www.glassbead.com/privacy.shtml
Privacy
Policy
Home
Downloads
Testimonials
Support
Register
About Us
We care about privacy. Here is our policy on what data we collect
about our customers and what we will and won't do with that data: Data we collect
If you download our software to try it out we ask you for your
e-mail address. We also store your IP address and the date
you
downloaded our software.
If you are a customer who purchases our software we ask you for
your full contact information including company name, phone number,
address, e-mail, billing address, etc. Our web-site also requests
your credit card number, however that information never comes to
our servers nor do we store it. Credit card information
is sent directly to our credit card processor's servers for approval.
We do store the credit-card transaction id which we receive from
our credit card processor for record keeping. What we do with collected data We may e-mail you with followup questions after you download our
software. If you have purchased our software we may e-mail you
with product version upgrades, promotional prices, and new product
announcements.
If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in
the future, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the address
below, or visiting us at http://www.glassbead.com/mlr.shtml. What we won't do with collected data We will not give away any information we collect about you to
any third party for any purpose (unless that third party is law
enforcement and they make us do it). Cookies
Like many others, our site sometimes places
a "cookie" with your
Web-browser software. Currently the
cookies we store are one
that indicates that you have downloaded our software so that we
don't ask you for your e-mail address when you come back to download
it again, and another to keep track of
purchasing sessions so
that as you move through the process of making a purchase we
are able to access the correct
records. Contact Information Our postal address is
229 Bradley's Crossing Road
East Chatham, NY 12060 We can be reached via e-mail at generalinfoglassbead
Search for
all of the words:
any of the words:
the exact phrase:
All
parts of this web site ©2015 Glass
Bead Software, LLC
Contact Us
Privacy