https://www.zuka.net/privacy-statement
Skip to content
Share on Facebook
Share
Share on TwitterTweet
Send email
Mail
SECTION 1 – WHAT DO WE DO WITH YOUR INFORMATION?
When you visit our business either on this website or our affiliated Facebook page, and you browse and/or purchase services from us, as part of the buying and selling process, we collect the personal information you give us such as your name, address and email address.
When you browse our pages, we also automatically receive your computer’s internet protocol (IP) address in order to provide us with information that helps us learn about your browser and operating system.
Email marketing (if applicable): With your permission, we may send you emails about our products or services and other updates. You may unsubscribe from these emails at any time.
SECTION 2 – CONSENT
How do you get my consent?
When you provide us with personal information to complete a transaction, verify your credit card, or engage our services, we imply that you consent to our collecting it and using it for that specific reason only.
If we ask for your personal information for a secondary reason, like marketing, we will either ask you directly for your expressed consent, or provide you with an opportunity to say no.
How do I withdraw my consent?
If after you opt-in, you change your mind, you may withdraw your consent for us to contact you, for the continued collection, use or disclosure of your information, at anytime, by contacting our privacy officer.
SECTION 3 – DISCLOSURE
We may disclose your personal information if we are required by law to do so or if you violate our Terms of Service.
SECTION 4 – ZUKA MUSIC PRODUCTION
Our site is hosted on our own servers provided by A2 Hosting Inc. They provide us with the online platform that allows us to sell our products and services to you.
Your data is stored through Zuka Music’s data storage, databases and the general WooCommerce application. They store your data on a secure server behind a firewall.
Payment:
Zuka Music does not collect or store any credit card data and information. All credit card data is collected for the purposes of the transaction, on our payment providers secure servers (PayPal Inc. and Stripe). Data is encrypted through the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI-DSS) and our servers are protected by industry standard SSL encryption. Your purchase transaction data is stored only as long as is necessary to complete your purchase transaction, unless you agree to store your purchase information (i.e. credit card) on the payment processors secure servers for ease of purchase. Otherwise, after that is complete, your purchase transaction information is deleted.
All direct payment gateways adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, MasterCard, American Express and Discover.
PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of credit card information by our store and its service providers.
For more insight, you may also want to read Zuka Music’s Terms of Service here or Privacy Statement here.
SECTION 5 – THIRD-PARTY SERVICES
In general, the third-party providers used by us will only collect, use and disclose your information to the extent necessary to allow them to perform the services they provide to us.
However, certain third-party service providers, such as payment gateways and other payment transaction processors (Stripe and PayPal), have their own privacy policies in respect to the information we are required to provide to them for your purchase-related transactions.
For these providers, we recommend that you read their privacy policies so you can understand the manner in which your personal information will be handled by these providers.
In particular, remember that certain providers may be located in or have facilities that are located in a different jurisdiction than either you or us. So if you elect to proceed with a transaction that involves the services of a third-party service provider, then your information may become subject to the laws of the jurisdiction(s) in which that service provider or its facilities are located.
As an example, if you are located in Canada and your transaction is processed by a payment gateway located in the United States, then your personal information used in completing that transaction may be subject to disclosure under United States legislation, including the Patriot Act.
Once you leave our store’s website or are redirected to a third-party website or application, you are no longer governed by this Privacy Policy or our website’s Terms of Service.
Links
When you click on links on our site, they may direct you away from our site. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites and encourage you to read their privacy statements.
SECTION 6 – SECURITY
To protect your personal information, we take reasonable precautions and follow industry best practices to make sure it is not inappropriately lost, misused, accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed.
If you provide us with your credit card information, the information is encrypted using secure socket layer technology (SSL) and stored with a AES-256 encryption. Although no method of transmission over the Internet or electronic storage is 100% secure, we follow all PCI-DSS requirements and implement additional generally accepted industry standards.
COOKIES
We use cookies, pixels and tags (which we shall collectively define as “Cookies”) on the Zuka Music Production web site for a variety of purposes which are described in this Cookie Policy. By using the Zuka Music Production web site you consent to the storing and accessing of Cookies on your device in accordance with the terms of this Cookie Policy.
What are cookies and what do they do?
A cookie is a very small text document, which often includes an anonymous unique identifier. When you visit the Zuka Music web site, a computer asks your computer for permission to store this file in a part of your hard drive specifically designated for cookies.
For further details on cookies, please visit the website All About Cookies where you can find comprehensive information on Cookies.
Consent and blocking of the use of cookies on the Zuka Music Production web site
By navigating away from the home page of the Zuka Music Production web site and continuing to use the Zuka Music Production web site, you are consenting to our use of the Cookies described in this Cookie Policy.
If you do not consent to Zuka Music Production using Cookies or, having previously consented to our use of Cookies, you decide to block such use then please read the next section of this Cookie Policy entitled “Blocking our Use of Cookies”.
Blocking our Use of CookiesYou can block our use of Cookies at any time by activating the settings in your web browser. Please visit All About Cookies where you can find comprehensive information on cookie management for a wide variety of web browsers.
What Happens if I Block Cookies?If you choose to withhold consent to Zuka Music’s use of Cookies, or subsequently block Cookies that you previously consented to, some aspects of the Zuka Music web site may not work properly and you may not be able to access all or part of our Zuka Music web site.
How we use cookies on the Zuka Music web site
Session CookiesWe use Cookies to allow the Zuka Music Production web site to uniquely identify a user’s browsing session on the Zuka Music Production web site and to allow us to coordinate this information with data from our Zuka Music Production web site server.
AnalyticsWe use Google’s “analytics” Cookies which, in conjunction with our web server’s log files, allow us to identify unique, but anonymous users. These Cookies can also calculate the aggregate number of people visiting our Zuka Music Production web site, the date and time of a user’s visit to the Zuka Music web site, the pages a user has viewed and the time spent by users at the Zuka Music Production web site. This helps us gather feedback so that we can improve the Zuka Music Production web site and better serve our users.
Further information on each Cookie is set out in the table below.
Cross platform advertising and user recognitionWe also use Cookies provided by Facebook and Twitter. These Cookies operate in different ways but they are both used in connection with Zuka Music Production advertising served to a user of the Zuka Music web site on Twitter and Facebook, the recognition of such users and the devices used by the user to access Twitter, Facebook and the Zuka Music Production web site. Further information on each Cookie is set out in the table below.
Third party web sites and platforms
Your use of third party web sites and platforms such as Twitter and Facebook, and the privacy practices of these platforms, are governed by separate terms, conditions and policies for which Zuka Music Production is not responsible. You should review Twitter’s and Facebook’s terms, conditions and policies where you will find more details on how information about you is used on their platforms and how you can set your privacy preferences.
You can find more information about the individual Cookies we use and the purposes for which they are used in the table below:
Cookie Type  PurposeGoogle Analytics_gaThis Cookie is placed by Google. It enables Zuka Music Production to learn information about our users use of the Zuka Music Production web site such as the time of visit, the pages viewed, whether the user has visited before and the web site visited prior to visiting the Zuka Music Production web site.For further information about Google Analytics please see:https://www.google.com/policies/technologies/types/Twitter Conversion TrackerThis Cookie is placed by Twitter. It enables Zuka Music Production to learn how our users have interacted with Zuka Music Production advertising served to them on Twitter. It also enables Zuka Music Production to identify users who have used their mobile device to view Zuka Music Production advertising on Twitter and later came to the Zuka Music Production web site on a desktop computer.For further information about the Twitter Conversion Tracker please see:https://business.twitter.com/en/help/campaign-measurement-and-analytics/conversion-tracking-for-websites.htmlFacebook PixelThis Cookie is placed by Facebook. It enables Zuka Music Production to measure, optimize and build audiences for advertising campaigns served on Facebook. In particular it enables Zuka Music Production to see how our users move between devices when accessing the Zuka Music Production web site and Facebook, to ensure that Zuka Music Production’s Facebook advertising is seen by our users most likely to be interested in such advertising by analyzing which content a user has viewed and interacted with on the Zuka Music Production web site. For further information about the Facebook Pixel please see:https://en-gb.facebook.com/business/help/651294705016616_SessionIdThis Cookie is placed by Zuka Music Production. It is used to maintain an anonymized user session by the Zuka Music Production web site server.cb-enableThis Cookie is placed by Zuka Music Production. It is used to record when a user of the Zuka Music Production web site has viewed the Cookie notice to prevent it re-appearing on return visits.
Most of our cookies expire within 30 days, although our analytics cookies may persist for 1 year.
Here is a list of WooCommerce cookies that we use. We’ve listed them here so you can choose if you want to opt-out of cookies or not.
_session_id, unique token, sessional, Allows WooCommerce to store information about your session (referrer, landing page, etc).
_woo_visit, no data held, Persistent for 30 minutes from the last visit, Used by our website provider’s internal stats tracker to record the number of visits
_woo_uniq, no data held, expires midnight (relative to the visitor) of the next day, Counts the number of visits to a store by a single customer.
cart, unique token, persistent for 2 weeks, Stores information about the contents of your cart.
_secure_session_id, unique token, sessional
storefront_digest, unique token, indefinite If the shop has a password, this is used to determine if the current visitor has access.
SECTION 7 – AGE OF CONSENT
By using this site, you represent that you are at least the age of majority in your state or province of residence, or that you are the age of majority in your state or province of residence and you have given us your consent to allow any of your minor dependents to use this site.
SECTION 8 – CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time, so please review it frequently. Changes and clarifications will take effect immediately upon their posting on the website. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here that it has been updated, so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we use and/or disclose it.
If our store is acquired or merged with another company, your information may be transferred to the new owners so that we may continue to sell products to you.
QUESTIONS AND CONTACT INFORMATION
If you would like to: access, correct, amend or delete any personal information we have about you, register a complaint, or simply want more information contact our Privacy Compliance Officer.
Search for:
Recent Posts
How to Master Your Tracks for Streaming – easier than you think if you’ve got the right tool.
New Home of Zuka Music & Zuka Interactive
Recent CommentsArchives
April 2019
June 2017
Categories
Tutorials
Uncategorised
Meta
Log in
Entries feed
Comments feed
WordPress.org