https://www.digitalwarehouse.com/content/22-privacy-policy
>
Helpful Links> Privacy Policy
Digital Warehouse.com Privacy Policy
Digital Warehouse is committed to protecting your privacy. That is because we base our business on the trust you place in us. This policy describes our practices regarding personal and account information collected through our Website. We hope this will help you make an informed decision about sharing personal information with us.
We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy from time to time; the effective date noted above will indicate the date that this policy was last updated. You should visit our Website periodically to review any changes.
Personal information and other data we collect
Digital Warehouse.com collects personal information when you shop on Digital Warehouse.com or otherwise voluntarily provide such information. We may combine personal information collected from you with information from other Digital Warehouse services or third parties to provide a better user experience, including customizing content for you.
Digital Warehouse.com uses cookies and other technologies to enhance your online experience and to learn about how you use Digital Warehouse.com services in order to improve the quality of our services.
Digital Warehouse.com's servers automatically record information when you visit our website or use some of our products, including the URL, IP address, browser type and language, and the date and time of your request.
Uses
We may use personal information to provide the services you've requested, including services that display customized content and advertising.
We may also use personal information for auditing, research and analysis to operate and improve Digital Warehouse.com technologies and services.
We may share aggregated, non-personal information with third parties outside of Digital Warehouse.com. This information can in no way be used to track or locate you in any way.
When we use third parties to assist us in processing your personal information, specifically to process payments in the order process. We require that they comply with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures.
We may also share information with third parties in very limited circumstances, including when complying with legal processes and preventing fraud or imminent harm.
Your choices
We offer you choices when we ask for personal information, whenever reasonably possible.
You may decline to provide personal information to us and/or refuse cookies in your browser, although some of our features or services may not function properly as a result.
We make good faith efforts to provide you access to your personal information upon request and to let you correct such data if it is inaccurate and delete it, when reasonably possible.
For more information about specific details of our privacy practices, you may contact us any time.
Privacy MattersDigital Warehouse989 Avenue of the Americas4th FloorNew York, NY 10018(USA)
Last revision: November 2015