http://www.nustage.net/privacy-policy
Home
H
About Us
A
Services
S
Digital Solutions
D
Products
P
In Development
I
Contact
C
We Are Social
[ e ]   My NuStage.Net
[ i ]   Website Terms
[ i ]   Privacy Policy
[ i ]
Cookie Policy
NuStage Client?
Go to our ExtraNet website and explore even more information and interactive tools.
Login
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy was last updated on 19 May 2018.
This privacy policy sets out how NuStage Ltd. uses and protects any information that you give NuStage Ltd. when you use this website.
NuStage is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy policy.
NuStage is committed to complying with the General Data Protection Regulation and the Data Protection Act 2018, once enacted. Looking after the personal information you share with us is very important, and we want you to be confident that your personal data is kept safely and securely and to understand how we use it
NuStage may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 25 May 2018.
01. What we collect
We may collect the following information:
- name and company
- contact information including email address and phone number
-
usage data may include your IP address, geographical location, browser type and version, operating system, referral source, length of visit, page views and website navigation paths, as well as information about the timing, frequency and pattern of your service use. The source of the usage data is Google Analytics. This usage data may be processed [for the purposes of analysing the use of the website and services]. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely monitoring and improving our website and services.
02. What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
- Internal record keeping.
- We may use the information to improve our products and services.
- We may contact you by email or phone.
- We may process information contained in any enquiry you submit to us regarding products and/or services. The enquiry data may be processed for the purposes of offering, marketing and selling relevant products and/or services to you. The legal basis for this processing is Legitimate Interests.
- We may process any of your personal data identified in this policy where necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the protection and assertion of our legal rights, your legal rights and the legal rights of others.
03. Retaining and deleting personal data
You have the right to the erasure of your personal data without undue delay. Those circumstances include:
- the personal data are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed
- you withdraw consent to consent-based processing
- the processing is for direct marketing purposes
- the personal data have been unlawfully processed.
Exclusions to the right to erasure include where processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation; or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
04. Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
05. How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. Disabling cookies may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website and/or result in technical problems should a particular functionality of the site require this feature to be activated.
Cookies do not typically contain any information that personally identifies a user, but personal information that we store about you may be linked to the information stored in and obtained from cookies
06. Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
07. Controlling your personal information
NuStage Ltd. will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you information which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the GDPR.If you would like a copy of the information held on you please email privacy@nustage.net
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Close
×