https://www.estimator360.com/privacy
Visit Us at IBS 2019, Booth SU222, Feb 19-21
Booth Info
Estimator360 Privacy Policy
1. About this Policy
By accessing and using our website, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy and are also agreeing to comply with our Terms of Use.
We are committed to protecting our customers’ information. Before submitting your personal information to our website, please read this Privacy Policy carefully. This Privacy Policy is designed to assist you in understanding how we collect, use, and disclose personal information that we obtain through your use of our website and Estimator360 Products and Services.
You acknowledge that by visiting our website, purchasing and using our products and services, you accept the practices and policies outlined in this Privacy Policy, and you consent to our collection, use and sharing of your information in the manner described herein.
If you do not agree with all of the provisions of this Privacy Policy, do not visit our website, buy or use our products and services.
2. Sources and Types of Personal Data We Collect from You
We receive and store any information you enter on our website or give us in any other way, this may include information that can identify you (“personally identifiable information”). We also collect certain information automatically when you use or visit our website (non-personally identifiable information.
We do not collect any personally identifiable information from visitors to our website unless such information has been voluntarily provided by the visitor. We also collect IP address, type of browser and operating system information of visitors to the website. We may also send to visitors who have supplied personal information communications about Estimator360 products and services. We will remove you from any such communications upon your request by contacting us at support@estimator360.com.
Non-Personally Identifiable Information That We Collect
We may collect information from you that does not identify you personally (“Non-Personally Identifiable Information”) automatically using Cookies (defined below) when you visit our website or when you or a third party provides it to us.
“Cookies” are small pieces of data stored on an internet browser that collect Non-Personally Identifiable Information about the activity of the person using the browser.
If you visit our website, we may use Cookies to automatically collect information about your activity on our website.
We may use “Session Cookies” to remember your activities while you visit our website.
We may use “Persistent Cookies” to provide you with information specifically relevant to you when you visit our website.
Personally Identifiable Information That We Collect
When you purchase a subscription to our products and services through our website, we require that you provide, and we collect and process, the following Personally Identifiable Information:
Your first and last name;
Your company name (if you are purchasing Products on behalf of your company);
Your physical address;
Your payment information (credit card type, number, expiration date and CVV);
Your telephone number; and
Your email address.
If you connect to our products and services through Google or Facebook, we will receive information from these accounts strictly for account setup and login purposes.
As part of using our products and services, users may input information such their customer and project details, estimates, contracts, invoices and various other information. To that end, any information that users choose to put into Estimator360 are collected by us.
We maintain records of the interactions we have with our users, including the products, services and customer support we have provided. This includes the interactions our users have with our products and services such as when a user has viewed a page or clicked a button.
3. How We Use Your Information
We uses the information we collect about you for registration, to manage your account, and to communicate with you. We may also use your information for analytics, marketing, advertising, or for legal reasons.
We use your information when you authorize us to use it and when it is necessary to enforce our Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use including:
for registration and to manage your account, including to facilitate your access to and use of our platform;
to communicate with you and respond to your questions and comments;
to statistically analyze user behavior and activity;
to improve the site or our marketing programs;
to resolve disputes or troubleshoot problems;
to prevent prohibited or illegal activities;
to enforce our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy;
When it is necessary to comply with a legal obligation:
in response to subpoenas, court orders, or other legal process; to establish or exercise our legal rights; to defend against legal claims; or as otherwise required by law (In such cases, we reserve the right to raise or waive any legal objection or right available to us);
when we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal or suspected illegal activities; to protect and defend the rights, property, or safety of Estimator360, our website visitors or registered users, our licensees, or others;
in connection with a corporate transaction, such as a divestiture, investment, merger, consolidation, or asset sale, or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy
In addition, we use Stripe for payment, analytics, and other business services. We do not use your payment information to process payments.
Instead, we share your payment information (subject to the terms of our Privacy Policy) with Stripe, a third party, who processes any payments you make to us. Stripe collects identifying information about the devices that connect to its services. Stripe uses this information to operate and improve the services it provides to us, including for fraud detection. You can learn more about Stripe and read its privacy policy at https://stripe.com/privacy.
4. Your European Privacy Rights
Estimator360 is intended primarily for businesses in the United States and Canada.
It is not intended to solicit data or information from individual residents or businesses in other countries or regions of the world.
However if you reside or otherwise find yourself in the territory of Europe, we are committed to facilitate the exercise of your rights granted by the European Data Protection law. Otherwise you can contact us at any time to discuss your privacy concerns at support@estimator360.com.
Privacy rights under the European Data Protection law include:
Transparency and the right to information. Through this policy we explain how we use and share your information. However, if you have questions or concerns you can contact us any time by sending us an email at support@estimator360.com.
Right of access, objection, restriction of processing, erasure, and portability. You also have the right to withdraw your consent at any time when we process your personal data based on your consent. To exercise these rights, please contact us by sending us an email at support@estimator360.com.
Right to opt-out to direct marketing. You have the right to opt-out at any time to receiving marketing materials from us by following the opt-out instructions in our commercial emails or by contacting us by sending us an email at support@estimator360.com.
Please note that we reserve the right to send you other communications, including service announcements and administrative messages relating to your subscription and account, without offering you the opportunity to opt out of receiving them.
Right not to be subject to an automated decision, including profiling. We do not make automated decisions using your personal data that may negatively impact you. We use cookies and similar technologies on our website to personalize your experience on the website and recommending products and services that may be of interest to you.
Right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority. If you consider that the processing of your personal data infringes your privacy rights according to the European Data Protection law, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, in the member state of your habitual residence, place of work, or place of the alleged infringement.
5. Children’s Privacy
The Site is a general audience site and does not offer services directed to individuals under 18 years of age.
No one under the age of 18 may provide any information to or on the website. We do not knowingly collect personal information from individuals under 18.
If you are under 18, do not use or provide any information on this website or on or through any of its features, do not register on this website, use any of the interactive or comment features of this website, or provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, email address, or any screen name or user name you may use. Should an individual whom we know to be under the age of 18 send personal information to us, we will delete or destroy such information as soon as reasonably possible. If you believe we might have this type of information, contact us by sending us an email at support@estimator360.com
6. How We Protect Your Information
We want you to feel confident about using our website, products and services, and we are committed to protecting the information we collect. While no website can guarantee security, we have implemented appropriate administrative, technical, and physical security procedures to help protect the personal information you provide to us.
Our security and privacy policies are periodically reviewed and enhanced as necessary, and only authorized personnel have access to any personally identifiable information that you have provided to us. In addition, we use encryption when transmitting your personal information between your system and ours, and we, together with our partners, employ firewalls and intrusion detection systems to help prevent unauthorized persons from gaining access to your non-public information.
You should bear in mind that submission of information over the Internet is never entirely secure. We cannot guarantee the security of information you submit while it is in transit over the Internet, and any such submission is at your own risk.
7. Changes to this Privacy Policy
Estimator360 reserves the right to modify or update its policies at any time. Any modification is effective upon posting on our website. If you are a regular visitor to our website, we recommend that you check this Privacy Statement on a regular basis. By using our website, you consent to the collection, use and transfer of your information in accordance with our Privacy Statement. If you do not agree to our Privacy Statement, please do not use this website.
8. How You Can Contact Us
If you have questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at privacy@estimator360.com
Or
Estimator360, Inc., 210 West 1st Street, Winthrop, MN 55396
If you want to communicate with our Data Protection Officer, please email privacy@estimator360.com
Please provide your identification and contact details, including your email address used to register with this website, and a complete explanation of your concern.
This privacy statement was last revised on 5/15/18.
Estimator360 Events
Thank you for Visiting Our Booth
International Builders Show 2019
If you have not done so, please send us your email address so that we can send you exclusive attendee offers.
Email Address
*
Quick Links
Construction Estimating
Construction Management
Blog
Pricing
Customer Support
Live Demo
About Us
Construction Estimating and Management Software
×
Close