https://www.theorem.com/legal
SOLUTIONS
RESOURCES
BLOG
NEWS
ABOUT
SUPPORT
CONTACT
x
Solutions
Downloads
Blog
Who we are
Contact us
Support
x
TERMS, USAGE, PRIVACY AND COOKIE POLICIES
CAD Translation
Publish
eXtended Reality (XR)
Terms of Use Policy
Terms of website use
This terms of use (together with the documents referred to in it) tells you the terms of use on which you may make use of our website www.theorem.com (our site), whether as a guest or a registered user. Use of our site includes accessing, browsing, or registering to use our site.
Please read these terms of use carefully before you start to use our site, as these will apply to your use of our site. We recommend that you print a copy of this for future reference.
By using our site, you confirm that you accept these terms of use and that you agree to comply with them.
If you do not agree to these terms of use, you must not use our site.
Other applicable terms
These terms of use refer to the following additional terms, which also apply to your use of our site:
Our Privacy and Cookie Policy, which sets out the terms on which we process any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us. By using our site, you consent to such processing and you warrant that all data provided by you is accurate.
Our Acceptable Use Policy, which sets out the permitted uses and prohibited uses of our site. When using our site, you must comply with this Acceptable Use Policy.
If you make use of Theorem's iPublish3D Service, our IPublish3D Terms and Conditions will apply to that use.
Information about us
www.theorem.co.uk is a site operated by Theorem Solutions Limited ("We"). We are an English corporation with its principal place of business at Theorem House, Marston Park, Bonehill Road, Tamworth, Staffordshire, B78 3HU, England.
Changes to these terms
We may revise these terms of use at any time by amending this page.Please check this page from time to time to take notice of any changes we made, as they are binding on you.
Changes to our site
We may update our site from time to time, and may change the content at any time. However, please note that any of the content on our site may be out of date at any given time, and we are under no obligation to update it.
We do not guarantee that our site, or any content on it, will be free from errors or omissions.
Accessing our site
Our site is made available free of charge.
We do not guarantee that our site, or any content on it, will always be available or be uninterrupted. Access to our site is permitted on a temporary basis. We may suspend, withdraw, discontinue or change all or any part of our site without notice. We will not be liable to you if for any reason our site is unavailable at any time or for any period.
You are responsible for making all arrangements necessary for you to have access to our site.You are also responsible for ensuring that all persons who access our site through your internet connection are aware of these terms of use and other applicable terms and conditions, and that they comply with them.
Your account and password
If you choose, or you are provided with, a user identification code, password or any other piece of information as part of our security procedures, you must treat such information as confidential. You must not disclose it to any third party.
We have the right to disable any user identification code or password, whether chosen by you or allocated by us, at any time, if in our reasonable opinion you have failed to comply with any of the provisions of these terms of use.
If you know or suspect that anyone other than you knows your user identification code or password, you must promptly notify us at webmaster@theorem.com.
Intellectual property rights
We are the owner or the licensee of all intellectual property rights in our site, and in the material published on it. Those works are protected by copyright laws and treaties around the world.  All such rights are reserved.
You may print off one copy, and may download extracts, of any page(s) from our site for your personal use and you may draw the attention of others within your organisation to content posted on our site.
You must not modify the paper or digital copies of any materials you have printed off or downloaded in any way, and you must not use any illustrations, photographs, video or audio sequences or any graphics separately from any accompanying text.
Our status (and that of any identified contributors) as the authors of content on our site must always be acknowledged.
You must not use any part of the content on our site for commercial purposes without obtaining a licence to do so from us or our licensors.
If you print off, copy or download any part of our site in breach of these terms of use, your right to use our site will cease immediately and you must, at our option, return or destroy any copies of the materials you have made.
No reliance on information
The content on our site is provided for general information only. It is not intended to amount to advice on which you should rely. You must obtain professional or specialist advice before taking, or refraining from, any action on the basis of the content on our site.
Although we make reasonable efforts to update the information on our site, we make no representations, warranties or guarantees, whether express or implied, that the content on our site is accurate, complete or up-to-date.
Limitation of our liability
Nothing in these terms of use excludes or limits our liability for death or personal injury arising from our negligence, or our fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, or any other liability that cannot be excluded or limited by English law.
To the extent permitted by law, we exclude all conditions, warranties, representations or other terms which may apply to our site or any content on it, whether express or implied.
We will not be liable to any user for any loss or damage, whether in contract, tort (including negligence), breach of statutory duty, or otherwise, even if foreseeable, arising under or in connection with:
- use of, or inability to use, our site; or
- use of or reliance on any content displayed on our site.
- If you are a business user, please note that in particular, we will not be liable for:
- loss of profits, sales, business, or revenue;
- business interruption;
- loss of anticipated savings;
- loss of business opportunity, goodwill or reputation; or
- any indirect or consequential loss or damage.
We will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by a virus, distributed denial-of-service attack, or other technologically harmful material that may infect your computer equipment, computer programs, data or other proprietary material due to your use of our site or to your downloading of any content on it, or on any website linked to it.
We assume no responsibility for the content of websites linked on our site. Such links should not be interpreted as endorsement by us of those linked websites. We will not be liable for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them.
Different limitations and exclusions of liability will apply to liability arising as a result of the supply of any goods or services by use to you, which will be set out in our IPublish3D Terms and Conditions.
Viruses
We do not guarantee that our site will be secure or free from bugs or viruses.
You are responsible for configuring your information technology, computer programmes and platform in order to access our site. You should use your own virus protection software.
You must not misuse our site by knowingly introducing viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other material which is malicious or technologically harmful. You must not attempt to gain unauthorised access to our site, the server on which our site is stored or any server, computer or database connected to our site. You must not attack our site via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of-service attack. By breaching this provision, you would commit a criminal offence under the Computer Misuse Act 1990. We will report any such breach to the relevant law enforcement authorities and we will co-operate with those authorities by disclosing your identity to them. In the event of such a breach, your right to use our site will cease immediately.
Linking to our site
You may link to our home page, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it.
You must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists.
You must not establish a link to our site on any website that is not owned by you.
Our site must not be framed on any other site, nor may you create a link to any part of our site other than the home page.
We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice.
The website in which you are linking must comply in all respects with the content standards set out in our Acceptable Use Policy.If you wish to make any use of the content on our site other than that set out above, please contact webmaster@theorem.com.
Third party links and resources in our site
Where our site contains links to other sites and resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your information only.
We have no control over the contents of those sites or resources.
Applicable law
If you are a consumer, please note that these terms of use, its subject matter and its formation, are governed by English law. You and we both agree to that the courts of England and Wales will have non-exclusive jurisdiction. However, if you are a resident of Northern Ireland you may also bring proceedings in Northern Ireland, and if you are resident of Scotland, you may also bring proceedings in Scotland.
If you are a business, these terms of use, its subject matter and its formation (and any non-contractual disputes or claims) are governed by English law. We both agree to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales.
Trademarks
- DXN- CADviewer- CADverter- Theorem
Are all registered trademarks of Theorem Solutions Limited
- CATIA and 3DXML are registered trademarks of Dassault Systemes- 3D PDF is a registered trademark of Adobe Inc.- NX and JT are registered trademarks of Siemens PLM Software inc.- Creo and CreoView are registered trademarks of Parametric Technology Corp.- SolidWorks is a registered trademark of SolidWorks Corp.
Contact us
To contact us, please email webmaster@theorem.com
Thank you for visiting our site.
Acceptable Use Policy
This acceptable use policy sets out the terms under which you may access our website www.theorem.co.uk/www.theorem.com (our site) and use the on-line services offered by Theorem Solutions Limited at our site (the Services). This acceptable use policy applies to all users of, and visitors to our site.
Your use of our site and Services means that you accept, and agree to abide by, all the policies in this acceptable use policy, which supplement our terms of website use and the IPublish3D Terms and Conditions.
www.theorem.co.uk/www.theorem.com is a site operated by Theorem Solutions Limited (we or us).  We are an English corporation with its principal place of business at Theorem House, Marston Park, Bonehill Road, Tamworth, Staffordshire, B78 3HU, England.
Prohibited uses
No Illegal, Harmful, or Offensive Use or Content. You may use our site only for lawful purposes.  You may not use or encourage, promote, facilitate or instruct others to use our site:
- In any way that breaches any applicable local, national or international law or regulation.
- In any way that is unlawful or fraudulent, or has any unlawful or fraudulent purpose or effect.
- For the purpose of harming or attempting to harm minors in any way.
- To make available content that infringes or misappropriates the intellectual property or proprietary rights of others.
- To make available or promote content that is defamatory, obscene, abusive, invasive of privacy, or otherwise objectionable, including content that constitutes child pornography, relates to bestiality, or depicts non-consensual sex acts.
Security
You may not use our site:
To transmit, or procure the sending of, any unsolicited or unauthorised advertising or promotional material or any other form of similar solicitation (spam).
To knowingly transmit any data, send or upload any material that contains viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time-bombs, keystroke loggers, spyware, adware or any other harmful programs or similar computer code designed to adversely affect the operation of any computer software or hardware.
To violate the security or integrity of any network, computer or communications system, software application, or network or computing device (each, a “System”). Prohibited activities include:
Unauthorised Access. Accessing or using any System without permission, including attempting to probe, scan, or test the vulnerability of a System or to breach any security or authentication measures used by a System.
Interception. Monitoring of data or traffic on a System without permission.
Falsification of Origin. Forging TCP-IP packet headers, e-mail headers, or any part of a message describing its origin or route.
You also agree:
- Not to reproduce, duplicate, copy or re-sell any part of our site in contravention of the provisions of our terms of website use.
- Not to access without authority, interfere with, damage or disrupt:
- any part of our site;
- any equipment or network on which our site is stored;
- any software used in the provision of our site; or
- any equipment or network or software owned or used by any third party.
That if you make use of Theorem's iPublish3D Service you will be bound by the IPublish3D Terms and Conditions.
Suspension and termination
We reserve the right but do not assume the obligation, to investigate any violation of this Policy or misuse of the Services or our site.
We will determine, in our discretion, whether there has been a breach of this acceptable use policy through your use of our site.  When a breach of this policy has occurred, we may take such action as we deem appropriate.
Failure to comply with this acceptable use policy constitutes a material breach of the terms of use upon which you are permitted to use our site, and may result in our taking all or any of the following actions:
- Immediate, temporary or permanent withdrawal of your right to use our site.
- Immediate, temporary or permanent removal of any posting or material uploaded by you to our site.
- Issue of a warning to you.
- Legal proceedings against you for reimbursement of all costs on an indemnity basis (including, but not limited to, reasonable administrative and legal costs) resulting from the breach.
Further legal action against you.
Disclosure of such information to law enforcement authorities as we reasonably feel is necessary.
Immediate suspension or termination of Theorem’s obligations to provide the iPublish3D Service.
We exclude liability for actions taken in response to breaches of this acceptable use policy.  The responses described in this policy are not limited, and we may take any other action we reasonably deem appropriate.
Changes to the acceptable use policy
We may revise this acceptable use policy at any time by amending this page. You are expected to check this page from time to time to take notice of any changes we make, as they are legally binding on you. Some of the provisions contained in this acceptable use policy may also be superseded by provisions or notices published elsewhere on our site.
Privacy, Cookies and Data Protection Policy
Privacy and Cookie Policy
Theorem Solutions realizes that your data and privacy are important. We have implemented this Privacy and Cookie Policy in line with the latest GDPR and European data protection requirements with respect to information that we collect from you over the web and while providing software or services to you. We want to inform you of our policy and to ensure you that we are taking all necessary steps to safeguard the information you provide. Theorem only collects information to provide you with information on our products and services.
You are free to provide only such information as you determine necessary. In certain cases, we will require that you provide specific data (e.g. for on-line services you must provide an e-mail address). In order to improve the content of our web site, we track the pages you have visited. Theorem does recognize your domain name but does not automatically collect personal information about you. Theorem also collects aggregate information on what web pages are visited. However, no personal information is collected unless volunteered through mechanisms such as surveys or registrations.
Use
The site collects data through a feedback form that allows you to request information about Theorem and its products and services. For this purpose, we request and collect contact information. The form also allows you to provide such other information, as you may desire. Information so collected under a legitimate interest basis is used solely for the purpose of responding to the request made and will be retained for as long as theorem solutions is providing a service. Use of the site may require registration in some areas where it is necessary to track user information. Registration may be required for proprietary information, marketing analysis, and/or lead generation. All personally identifiable information that is collected in the registration process will be housed on a database or databases in the United States of America and the United Kingdom and subject to the applicable laws of that country. Use of the registrant's information will be used solely for the purposes of supplying marketing related material you have opted-in for. You will have the option to change permissions and opt-out of any and/or all communication.
Security
Theorem Solutions takes the accuracy and safety of your information very seriously and would like to assure you that we have put in place multiple levels of security and redundancy in order to continue providing a secure and effective service. All our data is held on restricted internal access platforms that are constantly monitored and maintained to provide both up-to-date security patch levels as well as high availability.  customer data is protected from external penetration by the employment of industry standard, next-gen firewall systems, application-level anti-virus and zero-day anti-ransomware solutions.  external data communication between endpoints is protected with sha2 cryptographic hash algorithms, provided by Symantec.
Cookies
We use cookies and analyse these to enhance your user experience of the website. A cookie is a small amount of data, which often includes a unique identifier that is sent to your computer or mobile phone (referred to here as a "device") browser from a website's computer and is stored on your device's hard drive. Each website can send its own cookie to your browser if your browser's preferences allow it, but (to protect your privacy) your browser only permits a website to access the cookies it has already sent to you, not the cookies sent to you by other sites. Many sites do this whenever a user visits their website in order to track online traffic flows. Cookies record information about your preferences, this information is analysed and allows us to enhance your user experience.
Links to other sites
On certain of our web pages are links to other sites we make every effort to provide you with links to high quality, reputable sites, however, they are not under our day-to-day control. When you click through to these sites you leave the area controlled by the Theorem. We cannot accept responsibility for any issues arising from linking to these sites. You should also note that should you choose to provide those sites with information it will not be covered by Theorem's Privacy and Cookie Policy.
Opt-out
You may opt-out of receiving further communications or raise a data disclosure request through email to data-controller@theorem.com.
Notification of changes
In the event of any changes by Theorem of its Privacy and Cookie Policy that may impact the practices described these changes will be posted on this web site. In no event will any such changes to this policy apply with respect to data previously collected through this site.
You can refuse to give us personal information
For certain areas of the web site, Theorem requests registration information from you and you are free to provide this information or deny the request. If you do not provide this information, you will still be able to access most of the web site, however, you will not be able to access certain areas and/or services offered.
We restrict access to your personal information
It is Theorem's policy that the information you provide to Theorem is not distributed to third parties for their use or sale. In certain circumstances Theorem may provide your information to government agencies when Theorem reasonably believes that is required to do so by law. It is Theorem's policy to never sell your information to list brokers or agents for commercial gain. Theorem will use information that you provide to respond to your questions on Theorem's products and services. Theorem may also notify you of updates and of special events or new product offerings that Theorem or it's business partners may introduce. These may be in the form of e-mails or mailings. Theorem permits you to opt-out when you initially provide personal information and at a later date if you so request.
The Data Protection Act 1998 gives you the right to access information held about you. Your right of access can be exercised in accordance with the Act. Any access request may be subject to a fee of £10 to meet our costs in providing you with details of the information we hold about you.
European Users - Data Protection
Any information which you give us via this web site may be added to our UK Marketing database and will be processed in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998.
Contact
Questions, comments and requests regarding this Privacy and Cookie Policy are welcomed and should be addressed to data-controller@theorem.com.
OUR SOLUTIONS
Augmented Reality
Mixed Reality
Virtual Reality
3D PDF
Document Publishing
CAD Translation
Visualization
LINKS
Ford Suppliers
Resellers
Customer Support
Legal Notices
Careers
Contact Us
About Us