http://www.webcam123.com/en/policy.html
Privacy Statement for Webcamsoft LLC
Search Our Site with Google™
Search
Privacy Statement for Webcamsoft LLC
Webcamsoft LLC takes privacy and data protection issues seriously. This Privacy
Statement is designed to explain how we handle personally identifiable
information collected from www.webcamsoft.com Web site who purchases our products through
the Internet.
Information Collection and Use
Webcamsoft LLC stores the information that is provided by the customer when a customer makes a purchase from
www.webcamsoft.com. When you purchase with Webcamsoft.com, we ask for your contact information (such as your name,
street address and email address), as well as certain information pertaining to your business,
along with billing information such as a credit card number.
Personally identifiable consumer information is used to process payment transactions and
for no other purpose. After processing a payment transaction, your credit card information
is not stored in our server.
Information Sharing and Disclosure
Protecting personally identifiable information about our clients is an important
part of our business.
Personally identifiable consumer information is shared with third parties (such as banks
and credit card processors) to the extent necessary for Webcamsoft LLC to deliver payment
processing services.
We also may release personally identifiable information when we believe release is
appropriate to comply with law; enforce or apply our Merchant Agreement and other
agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of Webcamsoft LLC, our users, or
others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for
fraud protection and risk reduction.
Information Security
Information security is critical to our business. We work to protect the security of your
information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which
encrypts information you input.
We also require that any consumer information sent to us by you be
encrypted using SSL encryption. To learn more about SSL, go to: http://webopedia.internet.com/TERM/S/SSL.html.