http://www.image-integrators.co.uk/uk/policies/cookies-policy/
X
Search for:
Are you visiting us from the USA? To get the most relevant information, you may want to visit our www.proactis.com/us/ site or choose another country from the global selector above
Cookies Policy
Updated January 2019
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website.
Cookies are tiny files which are stored on your device (computer, smartphone, tablet and so forth). This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information stored in one of our cookies does not directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalised web experience.
How do we use cookies?: A number of our pages use cookies, for example to remember:
your display preferences, such as contrast colour settings or font size,
if you have agreed (or not) to our use of cookies on this site.
Enabling these cookies is not strictly necessary for the website to work but it will provide you with a better browsing experience. You can delete or block these cookies, but if you do that, some features of this site may not work as intended.
Please see the table below for more information on what cookies are used on this site and their purpose:
Categories of Use
Description
Session and persistent cookies
Similar to most websites, we use 'session cookies'. These cookies only exist for the length of time that you visit our site. They are deleted once you close the browser, along with 'permanent cookies' also known as 'persistent cookies' which remain stored on your browser ready for use the next time you visit our website.
Authentication
We use cookies to help us show you the right information and personalise your experience when you’re logged in.
Security
We use cookies to enable and support our security features, and to help us detect malicious activity and violations of our Website Terms and Conditions.
Preferences, features and services
Cookies can help you fill out forms on our site quicker.
Advertising
We may use cookies to show you relevant advertising off the site. We use cookies to determine whether we've shown an ad and how it performed, or provide us with information about how you interact with ads.
Performance, Analytics and Research
Cookies help us learn when you access our site from other websites, applications, or devices such as your work computer or your mobile device.
You can control and/or delete cookies as you wish - for details, see AllAboutCookies.org. If you don’t want cookies placed on your computer or device, then there are a number of ways you can carry out this action; by setting your browser either to reject all cookies; to only allow “trusted” sites to set them, or to accept only those cookies from those websites which you are currently on.
The majority of web browsers (for example Safari, Chrome, Firefox, Internet Explorer, Edge and so forth) will allow you to delete selected / all cookies currently installed on your device. For information on how to do this, please consult your browser help file.
Please remember that if you do delete all your cookies, some features of our products or services, such as remembering your login details, will not work and your experience on our website, products or services may be affected.
X
In order to provide the best experience on our website, we need your explicit consent to store browser cookies.
Without this, you may not be able to use certain features of the website. It is a recommendation that you allow all cookies.
Please see our Privacy Policy for more information.
OK
Envelope Iconsmall picture of an envelope signifying email
Submit a sales enquiry
Submit a sales enquiry
We're not around at the moment, but please send us your enquiry below. For Support queries, please click here.
First Name *
Last Name *
Company *
Email *
Phone *
Message *
By submitting this form, you agree to Proactis Holdings PLC and its subsidiaries using your personal data in accordance with our privacy policy.