http://www.web-hosting-ratings.com/privacy.html
WHR Homepage
Cheap Web Hosts
Compare Hosts
Hosting Articles
Privacy Policy
HostMonster
For $3.49 a month HostMonster offers a cheap web hosting plan with Unlimited
web space, Unlimited Email Accounts, Unlimited bandwidth, Unlimited Domains...
Visit HostMonster
JustHost
At $2.95 per month JustHost remains one of the rock-solid reliable
hosting solutions offering unlimited storage, a Free domain, and unlimited
data transfer...
Visit JustHost
GoDaddy
With their easy 30 Day Money Back guarantee, GoDaddy is a great
choice for first time web site builders. $1.00/mo. will get you 10 GB Disk Space
and Unlimited Traffic...
Visit GoDaddy
Web Hosting Ratings maintains a strict policy to protect your personal privacy At WebHostingRatings.com we adhere to a strict privacy policy for our site visitors. Our Web server automatically records only the consumer's IP address and cannot see or record the email addresess of our visitors. Of course, we do see the e-mail addresses of those who contact us via e-mail, and do record information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information. Any information you voluntarily provide may be used only to customize the content and/or service we provide to each individual visitor or is used to notify consumers about any updates to our Web site. If you supply us with your postal address on-line, we will only use it for the purposes for which it was provided to us. Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line will only receive telephone contact from us regarding orders specific to this site. Nevertheless, if you wish your information removed from our files, please provide us with your name and phone number, and we will be sure your information is removed. We use cookies to store visitors' preferences, to record session information, to record user-specific information on what pages users access or visit, or to customize Web page content based on visitors' browser type or other information that the visitor sends. From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future, we will post the policy changes to our Web site, and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our Web site periodically. Customers may prevent their information from being used for purposes other than those for which it was originally collected by sending us email at the address provided above. Upon request we provide site visitors with access to the information that we have collected and that we maintain about them, which they can then have corrected by sending us e-mail at the above address. If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact state or local chapters of the Better Business Bureau.
Web Hosting ArticlesWeb Hosting Tutorials
Shared Web Hosting
Web Host Rankings
Reseller Hosting
Register Domain Names
POP Email Accounts
PHP Web Hosting
Perl Scripts
MySQL Database Hosting
FTP Hosting
FrontPage Web Hosting
Web Hosting Industry Changes
CGI Scripts
Email Forwarding
Web Hosting Customer Support
Web Hosting Directory Criteria
Promote your Business Online
Web Hosting for Beginners
Website Optimization
Secure Web Hosting
Spell Check Your Website
Website Templates
Website Statistics
Unlimited Web Space
Unlimited Bandwidth
Subdomain Hosting
Streaming Audio / Video
SSL Secure Server
Shopping Carts Web Hosting
Web Hosting Categories
VPS Hosting
Canadian Web Hosting
Domain Name Web Hosting
Free Web Hosting
Green Web Hosting
UK Web Hosting
Database Web Hosting
Plesk Web Hosting
Small Business Web Hosting
Linux Web Hosting
Managed Hosting
Windows Web Hosting
Email Hosting
Colocation Hosting
Dedicated Hosting
Blog Hosting
cPanel Web Hosting
eCommerce Web Hosting
Cheap Web Hosting
Web Advertising
Pay Per Click Advertising
Online Advertising
Yahoo! Advertising
Search Engine Marketing
Affiliate Advertising
Free Web Advertising
About WHR |
Contact Us |
Privacy Policy |
Disclaimer |
Web Hosting Reviews © 2020