http://www.erlang-consulting.com/terms-of-use.html
We build trusted & fault-tolerant systems
that can scale to billions of users #Erlang #Elixir
Read more
Need support with your RabbitMQ?
You are first in the queue!
Read more
Kubernetes Consultation
Development & Training
Read more
We build trusted, fault-tolerant systems that can scale to billions of users. Our Erlang & Elixir expertise is the backbone of our clients' operations.
We’re a talented team of software experts, passionate about Erlang & Elixir and with an unwavering belief in the open-source future. We’re a safe pair of hands; one that liberates our partners from operational complexity so they can focus on their business growth. It's simple, we help keep our clients' businesses moving.
Products
Our clients inspire us to go above and beyond to make our products fit their custom needs, for today and tomorrow.
Explore Products
Solutions
No other company can boast our level of Erlang expertise. We are built to provide specialist services in Erlang-based systems.
Discover Solutions
Training
We organise world class online training courses so you or your entire teams become BEAM experts!
Book Training
Download
You can port Erlang on the hardware and operating systems of your choice. Packages for the standard Erlang/OTP and Elixir.
Download Now
Explore benefits of Erlang & Elixir in growing industries
Erlang has been around for 30 years but not everyone knows about it.
EXPLORE MORE ON OUR BLOG
Gaming
Gaming is a big part of our offer. From developing large-scale multiplayer online games (MMOG) to chat systems and scalable infrastructure, we’re a trusted partner.
Learn more
Online Gambling & Betting
We build, scale and customise in-play and gaming platforms for global clients that include Bet365 and William Hill.
Learn more
Telecoms
Erlang systems transport 40% of all telecoms data. Clients benefit practically and financially because strategic process results in reduced costs and time-to-market.
Learn more
Messaging & Social
WhatsApp, the most widely known Erlang based messaging system is a significant project to which we contributed. It supports over 800 million active users and 30 billion messages daily and is an iconic example of a reliable scalable messaging solution. We offer the same level of skill and experience needed to develop a complex project on a similar scale.
Learn more
Finance
We offer development and support services to diverse clients; from banks and financial institutions to trading companies,
e-commerce companies and specialist payment partners.
Learn more
Advertising & Media
We help clients maintain high standards. Our software helps deliver the right content in the right format, on time and to the right place but at a significantly lower cost.
Learn more
Our flexible, robust and scalable messaging middleware is set to play big in the Internet of Things arena. We are members of the Open Connectivity Foundation to shape the future of Internet of Things!
Open Connectivity Foundation
We are trusted Erlang and Elixir global experts.
×
Thank you for your message
We sent you a confirmation email to let you know we received it. One of
our colleagues will get in touch shortly.
Have a nice day!