http://www.blytheco.com/terms-of-use/
Skip to the content
Terms of Use
Last Updated June 11, 2018
Welcome to the Blytheco websites (the “site”). Through the site, you have access to a variety of resources and content. These include: (a) software and software as a service offerings (“software”); (b) web pages, data, messages, text, images, photographs, graphics, audio and video such as live and recorded webinars, product demos, and documents such as press releases, white papers and product data sheets (“materials”); and (c) forums, discussion groups, chat areas, bulletin boards, blogs, wikis, e-mail functions, and other services in connection with which you can download, share, email, post, publish, transmit or otherwise access or make available content (as defined below) (“community services”). software, materials, community services, and other information, content and services are collectively referred to as “content.” The following are terms of a legal agreement between you (“You” or “Your”) and Blytheco and its affiliated companies (“We” or “Blytheco”). By accessing or using the site or the content provided on or through the site, you agree to follow and be bound by the following terms and conditions concerning your access to and use of the site and the content provided on or through the site (“Terms of Use”) and our Privacy Policy. Blytheco may revise the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy at any time without notice to you. The revised Terms of Use and Privacy Policy will be effective when posted. You can review the most current Terms of Use at https://www.blytheco.com/terms-of-use and Privacy Policy at https://www.blytheco.com/privacy-policy.
Terms Applicable to Specific Content and Areas of the Site
Some areas of the site or content provided on or through the site may have additional rules, guidelines, license agreements, user agreements, or other terms and conditions that apply to your access or use of that area of the site or content (including terms and conditions applicable to a corporation or other organization and its users). If there is a conflict or inconsistency between these Terms of Use and the rules, guidelines, license agreement, user agreement, or other terms and conditions for a specific area of the site or for specific content, the latter shall have precedence with respect to your access and use of that area of the site or content.
Use of Software
Your use of software is subject to all agreements such as a license agreement or user agreement that accompanies or is included with the software, ordering documents, exhibits, and other terms and conditions that apply (“License Terms”). If software is provided on or through the site and is not licensed for your use through License Terms specific to the software, you may use the software subject to the following: (a) the software may be used solely for your personal, informational, noncommercial purposes; (b) the software may not be modified or altered in any way; and (c) the software may not be redistributed. Blytheco reserves the right to terminate the permissions granted to you above and your use of the software at any time.
Use of Materials
You may download, store, display on your computer, view, listen to, play, and print materials that Blytheco publishes or broadcasts on the site or makes available for download through the site subject to the following: (a) the materials may be used solely for your personal, informational, noncommercial purposes; (b) the materials may not be modified or altered in any way; and (c) the materials may not be redistributed.
Use of Community Services
community services are provided as a convenience to users and Blytheco is not obligated to provide any technical support for, or participate in, community services. While community services may include information regarding Blytheco products and services, including information from Blytheco employees, they are not an official customer support channel for Blytheco.
You may use community services subject to the following: (a) community services may be used solely for your personal, informational, noncommercial purposes; (b) content provided on or through community services may not be redistributed; and (c) personal data about other users may not be stored or collected except where expressly authorized by Blytheco.
Reservation of Rights
The site and content provided on or through the site are the intellectual property and copyrighted works of Blytheco or a third-party provider. All rights, title, and interest not expressly granted with respect to the site and content provided on or through the site are reserved. All content is provided on an “As Is” and “As Available” basis, and Blytheco reserves the right to terminate the permissions granted to you above and your use of the content at any time.
Your Content
You agree that you will only upload, share, post, publish, transmit, or otherwise make available (“Share”) on or through the site content that you have the right and authority to Share and for which you have the right and authority to grant to Blytheco all the licenses and rights set forth herein. By Sharing content, you grant Blytheco a worldwide, perpetual, royalty-free, irrevocable, nonexclusive, fully sublicensable license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, translate, publish, publicly perform, publicly display, broadcast, transmit and distribute the content for any purpose and in any form, medium, or technology now known or later developed. This includes, without limitation, the right to incorporate or implement the content into any Blytheco product or service, and to display, market, sublicense and distribute the content as incorporated or embedded in any product or service distributed or offered by Blytheco without compensation to you. You warrant that: (a) you have the right and authority to grant this license; (b) Blytheco’s exercise of the rights granted pursuant to this license will not infringe or otherwise violate any third-party rights; and (c) all so-called moral rights in the content have been waived to the full extent allowed by law.
You agree that you will neither use the site in a manner, nor Share any content, that: (a) is false or misleading; (b) is defamatory, derogatory, degrading or harassing of another or constitutes a personal attack; (c) invades another’s privacy or includes, copies or transmits another’s confidential, sensitive or personal information; (d) promotes bigotry, racism, hatred or harm against any group or individual; (e) is obscene or not in good taste; (f) violates or infringes or promotes the violation or infringement of another’s rights, including intellectual property rights; (g) you do not have the right and authority to Share and grant the necessary rights and licenses for; (h) violates or promotes the violation of any applicable laws or regulations; (i) contains a solicitation of funds, goods or services, or promotes or advertises goods or services; or (j) contains any viruses, Trojan horses, or other components designed to limit or harm the functionality of a computer. Blytheco may report you to the relevant authorities and may act under the fullest extent of applicable laws if you transmit or upload content intended or designed to cause harm.
Security, Passwords, and Means of Accessing the Site and Content
You agree not to access or use the site in any manner that could damage, disable, overburden, or impair any Blytheco accounts, computer systems, or networks. You agree not to attempt to gain unauthorized access to any parts of the site or any Blytheco accounts, computer systems or networks. You agree not to interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the site or any Blytheco accounts, computer systems or networks. You agree not to use any robot, spider, scraper, or other automated means to access the site or any Blytheco accounts, computer systems, or networks without Blytheco’s express written permission.
If any of the Services require you to open an account, you must complete the registration process by providing us with current, complete, and accurate information as required by the applicable registration form. You may also be required to choose a password and a user name. Access to and use of password protected or secure areas of the site are restricted to authorized users only. You agree not to share your password(s), account information, or access to the site with any other person. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of password(s) and account information, and you are responsible for all activities that occur using your password(s) or account(s) or as a result of your access to the site. You agree to notify Blytheco immediately of any use of your password(s) or account(s) that you did not authorize or that is not authorized by these Terms of Use.
No Unlawful or Prohibited Use
You agree not to use the site, or content provided on or through the site, for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these Terms of Use or the rules, guidelines, or terms of use posted for a specific area of the site or content provided on or through the site.
Indemnity
You agree to indemnify and hold harmless Blytheco, its officers, directors, employees and agents from and against any and all claims, liabilities, damages, losses or expenses, including reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs, due to or arising out of content that you Share, your violation of these Terms of Use or any additional rules, guidelines, or terms of use posted for a specific area of the site or content provided on or through the site, or your violation or infringement of any third party rights, including intellectual property rights.
Monitoring
Blytheco has no obligation to monitor the site or screen content that is Shared on or through the site. However, Blytheco reserves the right to review the site and content and to monitor all use of and activity on the site, and to remove or choose not to make available on or through the site any content in its sole discretion. Blytheco may remove content that is confidential or proprietary to a third party without that third party’s permission.
Termination of Use
Blytheco may, in its sole discretion, at any time discontinue providing or limit access to the site, any areas of the site or content provided on or through the site. You agree that Blytheco may, in its sole discretion, at any time, terminate or limit your access to, or use of, the site or any content. Blytheco may terminate or limit your access to or use of the site if Blytheco determines, in its sole discretion, that you have infringed the copyrights of a third party. You agree that Blytheco shall not be liable to you or any third-party for any termination or limitation of your access to, or use of, the site or any content, including content that you may have Shared.
Third-Party Websites, Content, Products, and Services
The site provides links to websites and access to content, products, and services of third parties, including users, advertisers, affiliates, and sponsors of the site. Blytheco is not responsible for third party content provided on or through the site or for any changes or updates to such third-party sites, and you bear all risks associated with the access to, and use of, such websites and third-party content, products, and services.
Disclaimer
Except where expressly provided otherwise, the site, and all content provided on or through the site, are provided on an “as is” and “as available” basis. Blytheco expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement with respect to the site and all content provided on or through the site. Blytheco makes no warranty that: (a) the site or content will meet your requirements; (b) the site will be available on an uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free basis; (c) the results that may be obtained from the use of the site or any content provided on or through the site will be accurate or reliable; or (d) the quality of any content purchased or obtained by you on or through the site will meet your expectations.
Any content accessed, downloaded, or otherwise obtained on or through the site is used at your own discretion and risk. Blytheco shall have no responsibility for any damage to your computer system or loss of data that results from the download or use of content.
Blytheco reserves the right to make changes or updates to, and monitor the use of, the site and content provided on or through the site at any time without notice.
Limitation of Liability
In no event shall Blytheco be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special or consequential damages, or damages for loss of profits, revenue, data or data use, incurred by you or any third party, whether in an action in contract or tort, arising from your access to, or use of, the site or any content provided on or through the site.
Exclusions and Limitations
Some jurisdictions do not allow the disclaimer or exclusion of certain warranties or the disclaimer, exclusion, or limitation of certain liabilities. To the extent that they are held to be legally invalid, disclaimers, exclusions and limitations set forth in these terms of use, do not apply and all other terms shall remain in full force and effect.
Privacy Policy
Blytheco is concerned about your privacy and has developed a policy to address privacy concerns. For more information, please see Blytheco’s Privacy Policy. Any personal information collected on this site may be accessed and stored globally and will be treated in accordance with Blytheco’s Privacy Policy. You understand that Blytheco collects, uses, processes, possesses, and otherwise stores your personal information and utilization data and may share such data with third party service providers for improving or providing services subject to Blytheco’s Privacy Policy.
Persons Not of Age of Majority
Persons who are not of the age of majority are not eligible to use the site, and we ask that no information in relation to such persons be submitted to us.
Export Restrictions/Legal Compliance
You may not access, download, use or export the site, or the content provided on or through the site, in violation of U.S. export laws or regulations, or in violation of any other applicable laws or regulations. You agree to comply with all export laws, restrictions and regulations of any United States or applicable agency or authority, and to not directly or indirectly provide or otherwise make available any services and products of Blytheco in violation of any such restrictions, laws, or regulations, including, without limitation, laws, restrictions, or regulations pertaining to the development, design, manufacture, or production of nuclear, chemical, or biological weapons or missile technology. As applicable, you shall obtain and bear all expenses related to any necessary licenses, authorizations, and/or exemptions with respect to your own use of the services of Blytheco outside the U.S. Neither the services or products of Blytheco nor the underlying information or technology may be downloaded or otherwise provided or made available, either directly or indirectly, into any country subject to U.S. trade sanctions, (Supplement No. 1 to Part 740, Export Administration Regulations, Country Group E:1), to individuals or entities controlled by such countries, or to nationals or residents of such countries other than nationals who are lawfully admitted permanent residents of countries not subject to such sanctions. By agreeing to these Terms of Use, you agree to the foregoing and represent and warrant that you are not located in, under the control of, or a national or resident of any such country or on any such list.
Availability of Products
Information on the site may reference or cross-reference Blytheco products, programs, or services that might not be available in your location. Such references do not imply that Blytheco plans to make such products, programs, or services available in your location. Please contact your local Blytheco representative for more information.
Waiver and Severability
The failure of Blytheco to exercise or enforce any rights or provisions in these Terms of Use shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. If any part or provision of these Terms of Use is found to be unenforceable, such part or provision may be modified to make the Terms of Use as modified legal and enforceable. The balance of the Terms of Use shall not be affected.
Applicable Laws
All matters relating to your access to, and use of, the site and content provided on or through or uploaded to the site shall be governed by U.S. federal law or the laws of the State of California. Any legal action or proceeding relating to your access to, or use of, the site or content shall be instituted in a designated state or federal court. You and Blytheco agree to submit to the jurisdiction of, and agree that venue is proper in, these courts in any such legal action or proceeding.
Copyright/Trademark
Copyright © 2020 Blytheco. All rights reserved.
Contact Information
Blytheco welcomes your comments regarding this privacy statement. If you have questions about this statement or believe that we have not adhered to it, please contact us via email at privacy@blytheco.com or by mail at: Blytheco Privacy, 23161 Mill Creek Dr., Suite 200, Laguna Hills, CA 92653.© 2020 Blytheco. All rights reserved.
Cookie Notice
Find out more about how this website uses cookies to enhance your browsing experience.
Accept Cookies