https://www.getonfast.com/privacy-policy/
Our Privacy Policy
Protecting your privacy is extremely important to us. Any information we collect about you will be used and kept in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998.
We collect information about you so that we can process your order and to provide you with customer service. We do not keep data about you any longer than is necessary.
Get On Fast Ltd will under no circumstances send to you unsolicited emails. You may request to be removed from our opt-in email database at any time and no further messages of this type will be sent to you.
We do not send random marketing emails to personal email addresses (spam).
The information we collect about you includes: your name, address, telephone number and email address. You have the option to withhold any other information not required for the transaction.
Get On Fast Ltd will never pass on or sell any information we hold about you to third parties and all personal data will be held securely.
The information Get On Fast Ltd holds on you will be as accurate and up to date as possible. Please Contact Us if you wish to check any of the data we hold about you.
We will ask for confirmation of identity before we enter into any discussion regarding data we hold about you. Should any of the data held about you prove to be inaccurate we will delete or correct it as soon as possible.
We will not transfer your personal data outside the European Union without first gaining your consent.
EU Cookie Legislation
Please be aware that this website uses traffic log cookies to save information on your computer via a session cookie. If you do not want cookies you can modify your browser settings to prevent cookies being created.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
How we use cookies
We use traffic log cookies to identify which web pages are being visited by our customers. This helps us to analyse data about our web page traffic and make improvements to our website. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website experience by allowing us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any personal information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
If you wish to discuss our Privacy Policy please Contact Us.
Like this page? - Don't keep it to yourself - SHARE IT!
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Necessary
Always Enabled