http://www.webadvertising.co.uk/green-policy/
Values
Values
Our story
Who's chosen WEB
3 good reasons to hire WEB
WEBs' approach
Founder, Andy Adamson
What WEB Do
Design
User Experience
Technology
Conversion Optimisation
Work
City Psychology Group
Own Label Company
St Mary's Music School
121 Shoes
Kokoro Gin
Manchester International Festival
Our Story
WEBs' approach
Who's chosen WEB
Reasons to hire WEB
Founder Andy Adamson
Law Firm Essential Guide to Website Design
Introduction
How to start a law firm website redesign
Know your potential clients
Understanding your potential clients intent
How to improve the look of your website
Create clear messages
How visitors flow through your website
Easy to use technology
Make your website accessible
What content should you have on your website
How to encourage website visitors to complete an action
How to make your website easy to use
How to keep your website relevant
How to find new clients online
Build trustworthiness through your website
How to use Chatbots
News
Contact
Send us your brief
Got any questions?
Make an appointment
Careers at WEB
ASP.NET, C# .NET Web Developer
Green Section.
Our green(ness) reflects who we are.
We put this bit in because we’re passionate about it, but also if you’re planning to work with us, you might want to know what kind of people you’re dealing with.
Well we like making things work – right down to the planet we live on. It probably started with that experiment we saw on Blue Peter; the one where you make a battery using a lemon. But we know that even as a small company, what we do has an impact on our environment. So we do what we can to limit that impact, with the simple aim of giving more than we take.
We recycle all these things:
Paper
Cardboard
Glass
Plastic bottles
Plastic bags
Cans
Printer cartridges
Old PCs
And we make lots of other little changes:
Our office cleaners use green cleaning products.
We buy Fair Trade drinks. They’re nice too.
We’ve almost stopped using a fax machine and we don’t use photocopiers.
We print on office paper from either recycled or sustainable sources.
We stopped travelling by air for internal flights September 2006 and use the train.
We work from home when it’s practical.
We use energy and water sparingly.
Unless our customers request otherwise we use email to send all our quotes and other communications. The next stage will be to send our invoices via email. It’s quicker too.
Any document that needs to be printed is done so double sided to use as little ink as possible.
We know this bit isn’t really about our business, but we think it says a bit about who we are. Thanks for taking the time to read it.
Need to improve your business? Let's grab a coffee and talk about stuff.
Fill in your name and we'll get right back to you.
Name:
Telephone:
Tell us about yourself and your project:
Send us your message
Please leave empty:
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google
Privacy Policy and
Terms of Service apply.