http://www.4w.com/privacy-policy/
Toggle navigation
About
About Information Analytics
Featured Websites
Testimonials
Careers
Terms Policies and Conditions
Services
Support
Contact
Pay Your Bill Online
×
Modal Header
Some text in the modal.
OK Close
Privacy Policy
This statement discloses the privacy practices for web sites operated by Information Analytics. Contact us if you have any questions regarding this statement.
Personal information
At Information Analytics, we intend to give you as much control as possible over your personal information. In general, you can visit our sites without telling us who you are or revealing any information about yourself. There are times, however, when we may need information from you, such as your name and address. You will always be notified before we collect personal information from you on the Internet. We will never sell the information you provide us, or disclose it to any third-party without your permission.If you choose to give us personal information via the Internet that we may need to correspond with you or process an order, we will let you know how we will use this information. If you tell us that you do not want to have this information used as a basis for further contact with you, we will respect your wishes. We do keep track of the domains from which people visit us. This data is used to analyze traffic patterns, and is completely anonymous. We do not use it to attempt to track individual users.
Business relationships
Our websites contain links to other sites, and to the sites we host for other businesses. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites. We do encourage all of our customers to adopt similar privacy policies.
Cookies
“Cookies” can be used to provide you with personalized information from a Web site. For example, a cookie can be used to store your customer number, so that on subsequent visits to our website, information you gave us before can be used to customize the site. Some of our web pages use cookies so that we can better serve you when you return to our site. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it. Generally, sites that use cookies (such as our online ordering system) will not work correctly unless you accept the cookie.
Located in the Heart of Downtown Lincoln
Contact Us
13th & N St. Lincoln Ne
(402) 477-8300
www.4w.com
© 2020 Information Analytics · Privacy · Terms
Back to top