http://www.solutions360.com/solution360/privacy-policy
MENU
Q360™ Software
About Us
Blog
Contact Solutions360
We’re Hiring!
Customer Success Stories
Improve Profitability
BusinessProcess
Improvement
Successful Change Management
Home » Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
General: At Solutions360 Inc. we are committed to protecting your privacy. We use the information we collect about you ONLY to process requests and to provide a more personalized online experience. In general, you can visit www.solutions360.com without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information about yourself.
We collect only the domain name, but not the e-mail address of visitors to our Web page. We collect e-mail addresses of those who post messages to our message board, the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail and information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations.
The information we collect is used to improve the content of our Web page. If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address, calling us at the above telephone number or writing to us at the above address.
If you supply us with your postal address on-line you may receive periodic mailings from us with information on new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please let us know by calling us at the number provided above, e-mailing us at the above address or writing to us at the above address.
Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line may receive telephone contact from us with information regarding new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such telephone calls, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address, calling us at the above telephone number, or writing to us at the above address.
Business Relationships: The Solutions360 site contains links to other Web sites. Solutions360 is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites. Solutions360 does not sell, trade, or rent your personal information to anyone, ever.
Ad Servers: We do not partner with or have special relationships with any ad server companies.
Cookies: Cookies are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer’s hard drive. Our cookies do not contain any personally identifying information; they are used only in conjunction with Open Solutions’ applications and are used to ensure security. We do not read any information other than what we write in the course of your using the software application. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually change your browser to prevent that. Even without a cookie, you can still use many of the features on our sites, but you will need to accept cookies in order to use our on-line surveys and eSupport applications.
Surveys: Survey results are stored at a secure location. We will not attempt to read your survey results at any time unless explicitly instructed to do so by you. Solutions360 does not own the contents of the data for your survey. Solutions360 has access to your survey contents purely for purposes of backup and troubleshooting. We have security measures in place to protect your results while stored on our servers and we will prosecute any attempt to access this information without authorization to the fullest extent of the law.
Policy Changes: From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our Web site to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our Web site periodically. Customers may prevent their information from being used for purposes other than those for which it was originally collected by calling us at the number provided above, e-mailing us at the above address, or writing us at the above address.
Corrections and Comments: If you have any questions or comments about our privacy practices, would like to stop receiving information from Solutions360, or would like to correct or update information provided to Solutions360 via its Web site, please contact us by either sending an e-mail to the above address, calling us at the above telephone number, or writing to us at the above address.
Security: With respect to security, we always use industry-standard encryption technologies when transferring and receiving consumer data exchanged with our site, We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above addresses or phone number.
Job Costing Survival Guide
GET IT NOW!
Popular discussion
Genesis Integration Harnessed the Power of Data with Q360 PSA Software
Preparing for an ERP Implementation
Lone Star Communications Manages Growth with Solutions360
VTI Security Talks About How Q360 Increased Efficiencies in Accounting Processes
NSCA Labor Installation Standards Integrated with Solutions360 Software
Are Your Revenues Increasing, But Not Your Profits?
Solutions360 and D-Tools Create the Foundation for Outstanding Customer Experiences
VTI Security Increases Efficiency 10-15% with Q360
business management software
Request a Demo!
Our PSA Software
PSA Software Overview
Our ERP Software Q360™
Benefits of PSA Software
Software Tailoring
Q360™ Features
Business Management
Contact Management
Sales Funnel Tracking
Quote Generation
Document Management
Workflow Management
Web Portal
Operations Management
Resource Scheduling
Service Dispatch Automation
Service Level Agreements
Truck Stock Tracking
Distributor Integration
Physical Inventory
Project Management
Task Management
Job Costing
Multiple Cost Methods
Finance Management
Project Accounting
Real-time Reporting
Invoicing
Time Billing
Purchasing
Our Company
About Us
Who we are
Careers
News
Contact Us or Follow Us
Contact
©2021 Copyright. All rights reserved. | Terms of use | Privacy Policy