https://www.dcs-is-edi.com/about/legal/
Legal
Home » Legal
Legal
DCS Legal Statements and Privacy Policies
Disclaimer
This website and all documents and information herein are provided for information purposes only. The contents hereof are subject to change without notice. This website and all documents and information herein is not warranted to be error-free, nor is it subject to any other warranties or conditions, whether expressed orally or implied in law, including implied warranties and conditions or merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. We specifically disclaim any liability with respect to this document, and to contractual obligations are formed either directly or indirectly by this Site or documents or information herein. This website and its documents or information herein may not be reproduced or transmitted any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, for any purpose, without or prior written permission.
Trademarks
This website and the documents and information herein contain the trademarks and logos of other companies. DCS makes no claim to the Trademarks of others which may be displayed on the website. DCS does not sell software or represent the software providers mentioned within this website.
Privacy Policy
Data Communication Solutions, Inc. respects the privacy of every individual who visits this Site. Though this privacy policy is amended from time to time, our foundation will always be client privacy and confidentiality. This Privacy Policy sets forth the personal and other information that DCS may collect from visitors and how we may use and disclose that Information. The term “Personal Information” includes any information that enables you to be identified, such as your name, physical address, e-mail address and phone number. By using this Site, you are accepting and agreeing to the terms of this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use. DCS does not have affiliates. It does not provide Personal Information to partners such as EDI, ERP, AS2, or other system providers.
Personal Information
DCS may collect personal information that you provide voluntarily when using or interacting with the Site, for example, when you use the “Contact Us” function or when you submit resume information. Your submission of Information in an on-line document or email constitutes your consent to the use of such Information as described in the Privacy Policy in effect at the time of submission. You may refuse to provide certain Information; however the failure to provide requested Information may result in your inability to use certain features of this Site.
How We Use and Share Personal Information
When you submit Personal Information to us, you are consenting to use of your Personal Information by DCS to market and promote our products and services and to conduct market research (whether or not done on an aggregated basis). For example, you may be contacted by telephone, direct mail or email regarding products and services offered. At any time, you can follow a link provided in marketing e-mail messages (but not e-commerce confirmations and other administrative e-mails) received from us or our Affiliates to unsubscribe from that particular mailing list or e-mail service.
Opt-Out Requests You may elect, at any time, not to receive marketing communications from us by taking the following steps:
Except as noted in the next bullet point, if you do not want to receive marketing communications from DCS please click here. Please be aware, however, that, even under this option, you may still receive administrative and non-marketing communications from us.
If you do not want to receive marketing communications from DCS as a result of Personal Information disclosed when you respond to a DCS email, you should follow the opt-out instructions included in that email.
If you decide to exercise any of your opt-out rights, we will implement your request within 10 business days following receipt of your request. Please be aware that your opt-out request will not be effective until we implement such request, and that such requests will be implemented only in connection with your user profile, and will not impact preferences you may have made in connection with any other web Site owned, controlled, or operated by our Affiliates.
DCS Contractors
DCS may disclose Personal Information to third party agents we contract with to perform various tasks on our behalf (contractors) and to third parties with whom we have a business relationship provided that such third parties agree to use the Personal Information only as set out in this Privacy Policy or as you otherwise agree. These third parties are prohibited from using your Personal Information for any other purposes.
Contact Us
If you need additional information regarding DCS’ security efforts, you may contact us via e-mail at info@dcsedi.com, by phone at 952-941-5466, or by regular mail at 10125 Crosstown Circle, Suite 235, Eden Prairie, MN 55344.
Post Sidebar
No-Cost Assessment
DCS is ready to discuss your EDI challenges and configuration. Contact us today and you'll be on your way to a smooth-running EDI system.
Get Your Assessment Now!
Business Tip
System UpgradeLost documents and surprises mean it is time to take action
Learn More
VIEW ALL TIPS
Contact Us
Your Name*Your CompayYour Email*
Your Phone NumberMessage Subject*Your Message*Choose a Contact*Sales (info@dcsedi.com)Support (support@dcsedi.com)EmailThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Understanding EDI Electronic Data Interchange (EDI) is the computer-to-computer exchange of routine business documents such as Purchase Orders, Shipment Notices, Invoices, and Remittance Advices without human intervention. Data moves from your customer’s computer system – through the Internet securely – to your computer system.
Learn More
Copyright 2017 Data Communication Solutions (DCS). All Rights Reserved