http://www.tugboatmedia.com/privacy
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Tugboat collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users of this website. This privacy policy applies to our website.Personal identification informationWe may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, subscribe to the newsletter or fill out a form we make available on our website. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address. Users may, however, visit our website anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain related activities.Non-personal identification informationWe may collect non-personal identification information about users whenever they interact with our website. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about users means of connection to our website, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.Web browser cookiesOur Site may use "cookies" to enhance user experience. User's web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. The user may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of our website may not function properly.How we use collected informationTugboat may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes:To improve customer service. Information you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.To send periodic emails. We may use the email address to respond to their inquiries, questions, and/or other requests. If the user decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time the user would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.How we protect your informationWe adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information data stored on our website.Sharing your personal informationWe do not sell, trade, or rent users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.Third party websitesUsers may find content on our website that link to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our website. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our website, is subject to that website's own terms and policies.Changes to this privacy policyTugboat has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.Your acceptance of these termsBy using this website, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our website. Your continued use of the website following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.Contacting usIf you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please visit our contact page.This document was last updated on January 02, 2018