https://www.webii.net/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Principles
At WEBii.net, we value our customers’ privacy rights just as we value our own. Because we, too, take advantage of all the Internet has to offer, we are aware that not all Internet vendors follow the same guidelines. We urge you to read the privacy guidelines of each site you visit, as you may find a wide fluctuation amongst participants in the Internet marketplace. We have adopted these principles with our customers’ best interests in mind.
Principle No. 1: We don’t profit from violating your privacy:
WEBii does not sell, trade, rent, provide nor intentionally disclose your personal information except where required to by law. This means that we will not give your payment information or any financial data about you to any third party vendor.
While we ourselves may monitor our clients’ data to scrutinize our site’s usage and content and to continually enhance our customer services, our monitoring activities are for the benefit of WEBii and its clients, in order to provide quality, safe and reliable services.
Principle No. 2: We exercise reasonable good faith efforts to protect our clients:
Because our clients come to us for Web-based services, we know that our customers are usually aware of some common concepts of the Internet marketplace. We expect that most of our clients have an understanding of the current status of Internet security.
While we fully intend to comply with industry standards and will treat our clients with respect, we cannot and do not promise that your personally identifiable information or private communications will never be disclosed to others, even if those persons have no lawful right to that information. While privacy and security are matters that we value, there is currently no technology available to any Internet site that can absolutely promise that it will never be invaded. When and if that technology becomes available, we will exercise reasonable efforts to comply with that technology.
Principle No. 3: We will not voluntarily disclose your personal information unless required to do so:
Because of the current status of regulations governing the Internet, no I-merchant can guarantee that your personally identifiable information will never be disclosed. Generally, we will provide this information if required to do so in order to conform to regulatory requirements or at the direction of an authorized court of law.
For example, we may be required to produce customer data to a governmental body or to third parties in situations governed by relevant law. We might also be forced to provide the appropriate investigators with documents legally requested of us. If so, we will comply with the applicable statutes. Naturally, we would also disclose this information if we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect the rights, property or safety of WEBii, its site or its users.
Principle No. 4: We will notify you with any changes:
As technology changes, our principles may be modified as well. If we make any changes to these or any other of our policies, we will place those changes on our website. If at any time you have any questions, please contact us by email to support@webii.net or by mail to 8500 Shoal Creek Blvd. Building 4, Suite 104, Austin, TX 78757.
Information About Personal Data
Users refers to customers using our services and to those using our website and blog.
Personal Data refers to data about an individual who can be identified from the data, such as a name, email address or IP address.
Usage Data refers to data collected automatically when a user visits our website, blog or other applications managed by us, such as web page visits or a browser type.
Cookies are small pieces of data stored on a User’s device.
The Type of Personal Data We Collect
When you inquire about using our services, when you register to use our services, or during use of our services, we may collect information about you. This information may include but is not limited to:
First and last name
Email address
Phone number
Business/organization name
Address, city, state/province, and postal code
Website address
IP address and usage data
How We Use Personal Data
We collect personal data and usage data for these types of purposes:
To provide and maintain our services
To provide customer service and technical support
To gather analytics that helps us maintain and improve our services
To monitor the usage of our services
For the safe and secure operations of our services
To detect and address technical problems that may occur with our website properties
To inform users who opt in to our newsletter
To provide important communications about changes to our services
We will keep records of personal data and usage data for as long as required to provide the services, and as required by law or proper record keeping.
Third Party Services
Payment Information: We utilize a third party provider for the secure processing of payments.
Analytics: We utilize Google Analytics to track and report activity on our website, blog and related properties. For more information about Google’s own privacy policies, visit http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
Email Newsletter: We utilize Mail Chimp to manage and send email newsletter communications. To read Mail Chimp’s own privacy policy, visit https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/
E-newsletter
We maintain an email newsletter to communicate with customers and users who have elected to receive information from us. We do not send these emails to users who have not solicited our services or information. Users may choose to opt out from our newsletter at any time, by using the provided “unsubscribe” feature on the email message or by contacting us at enews@webii.net.
Quick LinksServices
Order Web Hosting
Contact
Terms of Service
Accepted Uses Policy
Privacy Policy
Sitemap
ServicesAustin SEO Options
Web Design
Web Development
E-Commerce
Web Hosting
Dedicated Server
Domain Registration
About WebiiReviews
Clients
Case Studies
Press
Events
Technology
Newsletter
Contact Us
8500 Shoal Creek Blvd
Building 4, Suite 104
Austin, TX 78759
Austin : 512.241.1777
follow us on