http://www.techfactory.com/privacy-policy-and-terms
Home
Services
Benefits
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
TechFactory LLC
Privacy Policy
mODIFIED jANUARY 6, 2017
TechFactory LLC (“TechFactory”) recognizes that your privacy and the protection of your personal information is important to you and is committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy describes the measures taken by us to protect your privacy in connection with the use of our website, This Privacy Statement discloses our collection, use and storage practices surrounding the personal information we collect from you. “Personal Information” is defined as the information such as your name, and email that can be used to identify you. This policy was last modified on January 6, 2017 PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY. BY USING OUR APP, WEB SITE AND THE RELATED SERVICES PROVIDED BY TechFactory OR ITS DESIGNEES (THE “SERVICES”), YOU SIGNIFY YOUR AGREEMENT TO THIS POLICY. Our full Privacy Policy is given below, but here are a few key points: We will not sell, lease, or share your personal information with any other companies, except those who need it to help us serve you. We will not spam you. For those few emails that we do send out, we always include a way for you to unsubscribe from any and all non-essential communications. TechFactory LLC complies with the U.S. – E.U. Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use and retention of personal data from the European Union member countries. TechFactory LLC has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice, choice, onward transfer, security, data integrity, access, and enforcement. To learn more about the Safe Harbor program, and to view TechFactory certification, please visit http://www.export.gov/safeharbor/. What information is collected by TechFactory:In order to use the Services, you are required to provide us with an e-mail address and a unique password. We may use your e-mail address from time to time send you e-mails regarding events and promotions. You always have the option to opt out of said e-mails as described below. Analytics / Log Files: As is true of many web sites and Apps, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data. We use this information, which does not identify individual users, to analyze trends, to administer the site, to track users’ movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. We do not link this automatically-collected data to personally identifiable information. Children’s personally identifiable information:The Services are neither directed toward children (under thirteen years of age), nor is it made available to children. We do not knowingly collect any personal information from children. How the information collected is used:The information collected from you when you use our Site is used to contact you in the normal course of business (e.g. confirmation emails). We also use your email to send you newsletters and promotions from our Site when you opt to receive this information from us. We use non-personal information in aggregate form to build higher quality, more useful Services by performing statistical analyses of the collective characteristics and behavior of our Customers and visitors, and by measuring demographics and interests regarding specific areas of the Site. TechFactory does not share any personally identifiable information with third party parties for their promotional purposes. In addition, TechFactory will not use or share your personal information in a manner that differs from what is described in this Privacy Policy without your prior consent. Choice/Opt-out:TechFactory believes that all e-mails it sends to you after you sign up for an account are designed to help you best use the Services. The solicitations are limited in that they, among other things, will clearly indicate the originator of the e-mail and provide the customer with a method of “opting out” of receiving future communications of a similar nature. Non-essential communications, such as surveys or contests will not be shared with users who have opted out from our mailing list. Such individuals will only receive communications that are necessary for TechFactory to fulfill orders and provide customer service (e.g. -confirmation email, delivery notification, etc.). Please note that these communications are part of your Service and you generally cannot opt-out of them as a result. To opt out of receiving non-essential communications, such as newsletters and promotions, users can click the “unsubscribe” link that is included at the bottom of any and all such communications. When your information may be disclosed:TechFactory reserves the right to disclose information or documents concerning or submitted by you as we reasonably feel is necessary to protect our systems or business, including but not limited to complying with a judicial order or with government agencies or law enforcement officials. Specifically, but without limitation, we reserve the right to disclose such information when: you are in violation of our Terms and Conditions or other published guidelines; you partake (or are reasonably suspected of partaking) in any infringing or illegal activity, even without a subpoena, warrant, or other court order; in response to court and governmental orders, civil subpoenas, discovery requests, and as otherwise required by law; as well as in response to allegations of infringement or illegality. In the event of a sale, acquisition or merger of some, or all of TechFactory’s assets, your personal information would likely be a part of the transferred assets. In such an event, we shall notify you via a notice on our Site prior to the transfer, or by email, with your choices on how your information is to be used henceforth. Surveys, Sweepstakes and Contests:Occasionally, TechFactory may conduct surveys in order to better deliver advertisements and content, and to better understand your needs relating to the Services. If you participate, we will request certain personal information from you. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you therefore have a choice whether or not to disclose this information. The requested information typically includes contact information such as name, email and shipping address and demographic information such as zip code. We will not share your survey information with any third party, except in aggregate form. In addition, if we sponsor a contest/sweepstakes or promotion in conjunction with a third party, we will post relevant privacy information at the point of registration for that specific contest/sweepstakes or promotion so you can determine whether you wish to participate. TechFactory will handle personal information it receives as a result of a joint contest/sweepstakes or promotion or where TechFactory is the sole sponsor in accordance with this privacy policy. Testimonial Disclosure:We display personal testimonials of satisfied customers on our site in addition to other endorsements. With your consent we may post your testimonial along with your name. How you may access & update your information:If you would like to change, update or delete your personal information in our databases, you may do by contacting our customer care team. We will make reasonable efforts to comply with your request. We shall respond to your inquiry within 30 days of receiving it. Keep in mind, however, that there will be residual information that will remain within TechFactory databases, access logs, and other records, which may or may not contain inaccurate or outdated personal information. The residual information will not be used for commercial purposes; however, TechFactory reserves the right, from time to time, to re-contact former users of the Services for the purpose of informing them of changes in our service or hours of service. We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services contact us at info@techfactory.com. How your information is protected:TechFactory uses an industry-standard security technology called Secure Socket Layer (SSL Encryption), SSL works by using a private key to encrypt data that are transmitted over the SSL connection. Current versions of popular Internet browsers support SSL, as do other browsers, and our Site uses SSL encryption when you transmit sensitive information, such as credit card numbers.
Updates to this privacy policy:We may occasionally update this Privacy Policy. When we do, we will also revise the “last modified” date at the top of the Privacy Policy. If TechFactory changes any of its policies that affect users’ personal information, the changes will be posted in this document, and prominently on the public and private web sites (www.techfactory.com) for 30 consecutive business days prior to the implementation of those changes. If we make any material changes we will notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on this Site prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Policy to stay informed about how we are protecting the personal information we collect. Your continued use of the service constitutes your agreement to this Privacy Policy and any updates. Contacting Us:If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy or www.techfactory.com, please e-mail us at info@techfactory.com. If at any time you do not agree to this Policy, please email or write to us at: info@techfactory.com, TechFactory LLC 7575 Corporate Way Eden Prairie, MN 55344 612-568-5618
TechFactory LLC
7575 Corporate WayEden Prairie, MN 55344Phone:(612) 568-5618
Privacy Policy and Terms of Service