http://www.websitebroker.com/privacy-policy.html
Close
Display adult sites?
Do not show adult sites
Show adult sites
Show only adult sites
close
E-mail:
Password:
Login
Forgot Password?
Website Broker: The place to buy, sell and trade websites
Home
Buy
Sell
Support
Login
Sign-up
Filter
WebsiteBroker Privacy Policy
This website, is deeply committed to protecting the privacy of Internet users. Below is information outlining our continued support for the responsible management of consumer information.
Consumer Information
During the process of delivering our content and information to you, we do not automatically collect any personally identifiable information about you such as name, address, phone number, or e-mail address. However, we do obtain some types of non-personally identifiable information such as the Internet Service Provider you use to connect to the Internet, your browser type, or the type of computer operating system you use (Macintosh or Windows, for example). This non-personally identifiable information collected by us is used for the purpose of analyzing our traffic and sometimes for targeting ads.
When you place a website for sale on our site, we may collect certain personal information to identify you, and to assist you in selling your site. We will not disclose your personal information to third parties without your permission, except in the following circumstances: (i) to protect ourselves from liability; or (ii) to respond to a legal process or comply with the law.
Cookies
Our site, as well as most sites on the Internet, use cookies to enhance your experience on the web. Generally, we cannot use these cookies to personally identify you in any way. The only time we can use cookies to personally identify you is when you use the password protected areas of our site and you choose to enable cookie identification. Basically, we use cookies to allow you to enjoy our site more and to make your visit to our site easier. While we believe that cookies enhance your Internet experience, they are not required to use our site.
If you do not want the benefit of cookies, there is a simple procedure to manually delete your cookies. Please consult your web browser's Help documentation for more information.
Third Party Ads
At times Website Broker works with third parties that serve ads to and on this site. Some of these third parties may also use cookies in conjunction with their ads. Website Broker may also work with advertisers who may collect information that you would voluntarily provide to them. Please refer to those advertisers individual privacy policies for information on how they manage the privacy of information .
Opting Out
If, at any time, you no longer wish to receive the information you originally requested to receive from us, please contact us and we will remove your information from our system.
If you have any additional questions or concerns about our dedication to consumer privacy, please do not hesitate to contact us.
Terms and Conditions
Search Websites For Sale
Search
Advanced Search
Featured Website for Sale
Shop Pet World
https://shoppetworld.com
RSSLatest Articles
Tips and Ideas, dating, education, gardening, music, website niches, weight lossFive Popular Website NichesThere's nothing website buyers like more than a successful, proven niche ? b... more
Buy & Sell Sites, consistent performer, high barrier of entry, highly scalable, low maintenance, website bargainsAre You Missing These Simple Website Bargains?Finding a bargain here at WebsiteBroker.com isn’t tough – the tough ... more
Website Buyers, Website Sellers, blog readership, website's assetsA Website's Assets: Worth the Higher Cost?It’s no secret that the more a website has under its control, the higher i... more
Buy & Sell Sites, business, business analysis, create, network, websiteYou're Not Just Buying a Site; You're Buying a BusinessAt the end of the day – after you’ve done all of your domain researc... more
Buy & Sell Sites, asking price, potential bids, selling websites, your propertyHow Long Should You Wait Before Lowering Your Website's Price?It’s the age-old question that people new to the idea of selling websites ... more
More
Home
Buy
Sell
Resources
FAQs
Articles
Login
Sign-up
About Us
RSS Feed
Support
Affiliates
Privacy Policy
Terms of use
© WebsiteBroker.com